<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-003645.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-003645.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210081131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-003645
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Grace Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001444192
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35776
		FILM NUMBER:		25603721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		103 CARNEGIE CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-322-1602

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		103 CARNEGIE CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acasti Pharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080828
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20043150_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000144419200014441922025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

001-35776

98-1359336

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

103 Carnegie Center

Suite 300

Princeton, New Jersey 

08540

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (609)
322-1602

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

GRCE

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Private Placement Offering

On February 10, 2025, Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company), in connection with a private placement offering of the Companys securities (the
Offering), entered into with certain institutional and accredited investors (the Investors) (i) a securities purchase agreement involving a placement agent (the Placement Agent Purchase Agreement), (ii) a securities purchase agreement not
involving a placement agent (the Non-Placement Agent Purchase Agreement and, together with the Placement Agent Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), and (iii) a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement).

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the Company agreed to offer and sell in the Offering an aggregate of 3,252,132 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Shares) at a purchase price of $3.395 per share of Common Stock and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to
purchase up to 1,166,160 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) at a purchase price equal to the purchase price per Share less $0.0001. Each Pre-Funded Warrant
will be exercisable for one Pre-Funded Warrant Share at an exercise price of $0.0001 per Pre-Funded Warrant Share, will be immediately exercisable and will expire once exercised in full.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, for each Share and each Pre-Funded Warrant issued in
the Offering, the Company agreed to issue to the purchaser thereof an accompanying common warrant (the Common Warrants and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants) to purchase shares of Common Stock (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof), exercisable for an aggregate of 4,418,292 shares of Common Stock (or Pre-Funded Warrants
in lieu thereof) (the Common Warrant Shares and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares). Each Common Warrant is exercisable for
one Common Warrant Share at an exercise price of $3.395 per Common Warrant Share (or one Pre-Funded Warrant at an exercise price of $3.3949 per Pre-Funded Warrant in lieu
thereof), will be immediately exercisable and will expire on 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the earlier of (i) the 60th day after the date the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the New Drug Application for GTx-104 and
(ii) September 25, 2028. The Common Warrants are being offered and sold at a purchase price of $0.125 per Common Warrant, which purchase price is included in the offering price per Share and Pre-Funded Warrant issued in the Offering.

TD Securities (USA) LLC acted as placement agent for the Offering. The Company has agreed to pay the placement agent customary placement fees in its capacity as
placement agent for the sale of the Companys securities to certain of the Investors.

The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $13.8 million, after deducting fees and expenses. The Offering is
expected to close on February 11, 2025 (the Closing Date), subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to register for resale the Shares and the Warrant Shares. The Company
has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement covering the resale of the securities described above to be declared effective as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (a) the
60th calendar day following the initial filing date of the initial registration statement if the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) notifies the Company that it will review the initial registration statement and (b) the fifth business
day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that the initial registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. Failure by the Company to meet the filing deadlines and other requirements set forth in
the Purchase Agreements may subject the Company to certain damages. The Company also agreed to use reasonable best efforts to keep such registration statement effective until the earlier of the date the Shares and the Warrant Shares covered by such
registration statement have been sold or may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction. The Company has agreed to be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration of the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements, the Company may not, subject to certain exceptions, until the later of (a) 90 days from the Closing Date
and (b) 30 days after the effective date of the registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Restricted Period), (i) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents, (ii) effect a reverse stock split,
recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Stock or (iii) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) relating
to any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

Each Warrant will be exercisable at any time and from time to time on or after the original issue date. Holders of the Warrants will not have the right
to exercise any portion of its Warrants if such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% or 9.99% (at the initial election of the holder) of the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, however, that a holder may increase or decrease such Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to, and no higher than, 19.99%, by giving 61 days notice
to the Company. As more fully described in the Warrants, if a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Warrants) occurs, then the successor entity will succeed to, and be substituted for the Company, and may exercise every right and power that
the Company may exercise and will assume all of the Companys obligations under the Warrants with the same effect as if such successor entity had been named in the Warrants itself. If holders of Common Stock are given a choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in such a Fundamental Transaction, then the holder shall be given the same choice as to the consideration it would receive upon any exercise of the Warrants following such a Fundamental Transaction.

The Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are being sold and issued without registration under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemptions
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving a public offering and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to accredited investors.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreements, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Common Warrants are not complete
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Form of Placement Agent Purchase Agreement, the Form of Non-Placement Agent Purchase Agreement, the Form of Registration Rights Agreement, the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant and
the Form of Common Warrant, which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosures in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Offering are incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On February 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the top line results of the pivotal Phase 3 STRIVE-ON safety trial. The Phase 3
STRIVE-ON Safety trial met its primary endpoint and provided evidence of clinical benefit over orally administered nimodipine. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

On February 10, 2025, the Company posted an updated investor presentation on its website. A copy of the presentation is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2
and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

On February 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Offering. A copy of
the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

Item 9.01. 

Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

Description

4.1 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

4.2 

Form of Common Warrant.

10.1 

Form of Placement Agent Securities Purchase Agreement.

10.2 

Form of Non-Placement Agent Securities Purchase Agreement.

10.3 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement.

99.1 

Press Release, dated February 10, 2025.

99.2 

Investor Presentation, dated February 10, 2025.

99.3 

Press Release, dated February 10, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: 

February 10, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Prashant Kohli

Prashant Kohli

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT (THE SECURITIES) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT,
(II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Number of Shares: [] 

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. [] Original Issue Date: February 11, 2025

Grace Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [] or its registered assigns (the Holder), is
entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of [] shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (each such share, a
Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise price per share equal to $0.0001 (the Exercise Price),
in each case as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9, upon surrender of this Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof,
the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date hereof (the Original Issue Date).

1.Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person.

Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person acting
or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any Attribution Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and/or any other
Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as
reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City
time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets.
If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the
Holder in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820 or any successor accounting standard that provides guidance on the measurement of fair value for financial reporting purposes. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon
the fair market value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value. The Board of Directors determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period in accordance with Section 9.

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Group shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules, regulations and jurisprudence.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Principal Trading Market means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for
trading, which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Principal Trading Market with respect to
the Common Stock that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Original Issue Date was T+1.

Trading Day means any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading.

Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in
such capacity.

2

2.Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Company
shall register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or,
as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof
or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

3.Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all
applicable securities laws, the Company shall register the transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such registration
and transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued
to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the
acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall prepare, issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this
Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

4.Exercise of Warrants.

(a)All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this
Warrant (including Section 11) at any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date, and such rights shall not expire.

(b)The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached
as Schedule 1 (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which may take
the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10 below), and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions
hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same
effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any.

(c)The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this section, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

5.Delivery of Warrant
Shares.

(a)Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise Date), upon the request of the Holder, cause the Transfer Agent to credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice and to
which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (the Exercise Shares) to (i) the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system or (ii) in book-entry form via a direct registration system (DRS) maintained by or on behalf of the Transfer Agent, in each case, so long as either (A)
there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). If (A) and (B) above are not true, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to either (i) record the Exercise Shares in the
name of the Holder or its designee on the certificates reflecting the Exercise Shares with an appropriate legend regarding restriction on transferability, which shall be issued and dispatched by overnight courier to the address as specified in
the Exercise Notice, and on the Companys share register or (ii) issue such Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Holder, or any Person so designated by the
Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account, the date of the book
entry positions or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Exercise Shares, as the case may be.

(b)In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to
deliver to the Holder or its designee Exercise Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) within the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information
provided by Holder to the Company) and the Holder or the Holders broker on its behalf purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In) but did not receive within the Standard Settlement Period, then the Company shall, within two Trading Days after the Holders request and in
the Holders sole discretion, promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder or its designee the Exercise Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Holders total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased in the Buy-In, less the product of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing Sale Price of a share
of Common Stock on the Exercise Date. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice promptly after the occurrence of a Buy-In, indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In together with applicable confirmations and
other evidence reasonably requested by the Company.

(c)To the extent permitted by law and subject to Section 5(b), the Companys obligations to issue and
deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same,
any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by
the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company
to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to Section 5(b), nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Exercise Shares; provided, however, that the Holder shall not be entitled to both (i) require the Company to reinstate
the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not timely honored and (ii) receive the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its
delivery requirements under Section 5(a).

4

6.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and
delivery of Exercise Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such shares, all of
which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a
name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7.Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this
Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

8.Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it
will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon
exercise of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other
than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in
accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock may be issued as provided
herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the
prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding.

9.Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant Shares) are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9.

5

(a)Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and
in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines
its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Number of
Warrant Shares shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately before such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution,
provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor and the Holder has not otherwise exercised the Warrant in full on the date therefor, the remaining Number of Warrant
Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any adjustment
pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or issuance.

(b)Pro Rata
Distributions. If, on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of
capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution of shares of Common Stock subject to Section 9(a),any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section
9(c), and any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution) then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of
this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage (as defined below)) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding
the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial
ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the
Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if
there had been no such limitation).

6

(c)Purchase Rights. If at any time on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or
sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (and shall
not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and at the Holders election, in its sole discretion, either (1) such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted
such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation or (2) the Company shall
offer the Holder the right upon exercise of such Purchase Right to acquire a security (e.g. a pre-funded warrant) that would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage but will otherwise to the
extent possible have economic and other rights, preferences and privileges substantially consistent and on par with the securities or other property issuable upon exercise of the originally offered Purchase Rights). As used in this Section
9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or
indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock.

7

(d)Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly,
at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person), holders of capital stock tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the Company or such
other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of
arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company (except for any such transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
transaction maintain, in substantially the same proportions, the voting power of such stockholder immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to
which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a
Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as
it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this
Warrant (including any Distributions or Purchase Rights then held in abeyance pursuant to Sections 9(b) or 9(c) above) without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate
Consideration). The Company shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is
solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or
other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and the
other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous to a Fundamental Transaction type.

(e)Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Number of Warrant Shares pursuant to
Section 9, the Exercise Price shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased Number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the
aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may the Exercise Price be adjusted below the par value of the Common Stock then in effect.

(f)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of
one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(g)Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9,
the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of
the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

8

(h)Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend
or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary,
(ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then the
Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such
transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the
Company authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by Section 9(d), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section
9(d), the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least 30 days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section
9(h) in confidence until such information is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt of any such information.

10.Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares
in an exchange of securities effected pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

Xequals the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder;

Yequals the total number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

Aequals the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding
the Exercise Date; and

Bequals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed to
have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the Original Issuance Date (providedthat the Commission continues to take the position
that such treatment is proper at the time of such exercise). In the event that a registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares is, for any reason, not effective at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then this Warrant may only
be exercised through a cashless exercise, as set forth in this Section 10. If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
Exercise Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants being exercised. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (buy-in
remedy), Section 9(d) (Fundamental Transactions) and Section 12 (No Fractional Shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

9

11.Limitations on Exercise.

(a)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any
portion of this Warrant, and the Holder of this Warrant shall not exercise any portion of the Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior
to or following such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, in excess of
[4.99][9.99]% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Common Stock that would be issued and outstanding following such exercise. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the
Maximum Percentage is or will be exceeded, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties, shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held and/or
beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the determination is being made but shall exclude the number of
shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible stock or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall, except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be
calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder of this Warrant may rely
on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number). For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through the
exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives
an Exercise Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum
Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares)
and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of
Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as
reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder of this
Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; providedthat any increase in the Maximum Percentage will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company and shall not negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change.

10

(b)This Section 11 shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder or the
Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section
9(d) of this Warrant. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution
Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, including Rule 16a-1(a)(1). No prior inability to
exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 11 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11 or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant.

12.No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant
Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

13.Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the
earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified by the Company prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified by the Company on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand
delivery.

11

14.Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon 30 days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the
Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers
substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant
agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15.Miscellaneous.

(a)No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in
such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer
upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock,
reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such
Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or
otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b)Further Assurances.
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying
out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (a)
not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may
validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in
the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

12

(c)Successors and
Assigns. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to
any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant.

(d)Amendment and
Waiver. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act
herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(e)Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all
of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f)Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND
INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO
THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR
CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED
HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g)Headings. The
headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

13

(h) Severability. If any part or provision of this Warrant is held unenforceable or in
conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or
provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Warrant shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

[ 

]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

15

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the Warrant) issued by Grace Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase _____ Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise

Cashless Exercise under Section10 of the Warrant

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $ _____ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. The Warrant Shares shall be delivered (check one):

to the following DWAC Account Number: _______________________________

in book-entry form via a direct registration system

by physical delivery of a certificate to: 

in restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register

(6) The undersigned, together with any other Attribution Parties, is the beneficial owner of _____ shares of Common Stock. By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company
that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder (i) the Holder is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (ii) will not beneficially own in excess of the
number of shares of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

NameofHolder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OR PRE-FUNDED WARRANTS ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT (THE SECURITIES) HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE
WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN
OPINION).

FORM OF WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK OR PRE-FUNDED WARRANTS

Number of Shares: []

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. [] 

Original Issue Date: February 11, 2025

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.,a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, []
or its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of [] shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) or in lieu thereof, Pre-Funded Warrants (as defined below) to purchase the same number of
Warrant Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder), at an exercise price per share equal to $3.395 (the Exercise Price), in each case as adjusted from time to time as provided
in Section 9, upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants issued in exchange,
transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after February 11, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the earlier of (x) the 60th day after the date the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the New Drug Application for the Companys product candidate
GTx-104 and (y) September 25, 2028 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter.

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person.

Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following
Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any Attribution Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial
ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject
collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any
date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the
last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on
the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on
such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820 or any successor accounting standard that provides guidance on the measurement of fair value for
financial reporting purposes. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value. The Board of
Directors determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable
calculation period in accordance with Section 9.

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Group shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules, regulations and jurisprudence.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation,
limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Principal Trading Market means the national securities
exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Principal Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Original Issue Date was T+1.

2

Trading Day means any weekday on which the Principal
Trading Market is normally open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or
exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to
any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Computer Share Trust Company,
N.A., the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the
first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on
which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink
Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2.Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Company shall register

ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may
deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

3.Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all applicable securities

laws, the Company shall register the transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and
payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such registration and transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any,
shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in
respect of this Warrant. The Company shall prepare, issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer,
the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

3

4.Exercise of Warrants.

(a)All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant (including Section 11) at any time and from time to time on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date.

(b)The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly signed, of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant for, at the Holders sole discretion, either (A) Warrant Shares or (B) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised in the form of the Pre-Funded Warrant attached as Exhibit B to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and
between the Company and the initial Holder (the Pre-Funded Warrants) with an exercise price per share equal to $0.0001, and (ii) if this Warrant is being exercised for
Warrant Shares, payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised or, if this Warrant is being exercised for Pre-Funded Warrants, the Exercise Price, less $0.0001, multiplied by the number
of Pre-Funded Warrants as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10
below), and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise Date. The
Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant
evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants, if any.

(c)The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this section, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants hereunder, the number of
Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

4

5.Delivery of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants.

(a)Upon exercise of this Warrant, if this Warrant is being exercised for Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise Date),
upon the request of the Holder, cause the Transfer Agent to credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice and to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (the Exercise Shares) to (i) the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC)

through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system or (ii) in book-entry form via a direct registration system (DRS) maintained by or on behalf of the Transfer Agent, in
each case, so long as either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). If (A) and (B) above are not true, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to either (i)
record the Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee on the certificates reflecting the Exercise Shares with an appropriate legend regarding restriction on transferability, which shall be issued and dispatched by overnight courier
to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, and on the Companys share register or (ii) issue such Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. Upon exercise of
this Warrant, if this Warrant is being exercised for Pre-Funded Warrants, the Company shall issue and dispatch to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock with respect to
which this Warrant is being exercised. If the Holder is exercising this Warrant for Warrant Shares, the Holder, or any Person so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such
Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account, the date of the book entry positions or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Exercise Shares, as
the case may be.

(b)In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder or its designee Exercise Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) within the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided by the Holder to the Company) and
the Holder or the Holders broker on its behalf purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In) but did not receive within the Standard Settlement Period, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders request and in
the Holders sole discretion, promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder or its designee the Exercise Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of Holders total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased in the Buy-In, less the product of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing Sale Price of a share of Common
Stock on the Exercise Date. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice promptly after the occurrence of a Buy-In, indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In together with applicable
confirmations and other evidence reasonably requested by the Company.

(c)To the extent permitted by law and subject to Section 5(b), the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Sharesor Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable, in accordance with and subject to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute and
unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any
setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Sharesor Pre-Funded Warrants. Subject to Section 5(b), nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Exercise Sharesor Pre-Funded Warrants; provided, however, that the Holder shall not be entitled to both (i) require the Company to reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of
Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants for which such exercise was not timely honored and (ii) receive the number of shares of Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery
requirements under Section 5(a).

5

6.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of Exercise Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax,
transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not
be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants or the Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be
responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants upon exercise hereof.

7.Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each
case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition
precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

8.Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out
of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially
issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms
hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation
of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the prior written consent of
the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding.

9.Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants) are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9.

6

(a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes
a distribution on any class of capital stock issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock
any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor and
the Holder has not otherwise exercised the Warrant in full on the date thereof, the remaining the Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the
Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph shall become effective
immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or issuance.

(b)Pro Rata Distributions. If, on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or
any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution of shares of Common Stock subject to Section 9(a),any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section

9(c) and any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution)

then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage (as defined below)) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such
Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to
beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial
Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

7

(c)Purchase Rights. If at any time on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights
to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant for Warrant Shares (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (and shall
not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and at the Holders election, in its sole discretion, either (1) such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted
such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation) or (2) the Company shall
offer the Holder the right upon exercise of such Purchase Right to acquire a security (e.g. a pre-funded warrant) that would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage but will otherwise to the
extent possible have economic and other rights, preferences and privileges substantially consistent and on par with the securities or other property issuable upon exercise of the originally offered Purchase Rights. As used in this Section 9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any
stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock.

(d)Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into
another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving
entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person), holders of capital stock tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender
for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other
Person acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company (except for any such transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain, in substantially the same
proportions, the voting power of such stockholder immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to
receive, upon exercise of this Warrant for Warrant Shares, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant for Warrant Shares (including any Distributions or Purchase Rights then held in abeyance pursuant to Sections
9(b) or 9(c) above) without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person
unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any
successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the
Holder may be entitled to receive, and the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous to a Fundamental Transaction type. If the Company undertakes a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity and the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person, then the
Company shall provide that, prior to or simultaneously with the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the
obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as the Holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the foregoing provisions, and to assume the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph
(d) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.

8

(e)Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 9, the Exercise Price shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased
Number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may the Exercise Price be adjusted below the par value of
the Common Stock then in effect.

(f)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth
of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(g)Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9,
the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of
the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

9

(h)Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or
other property in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any
agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice
of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure
to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes or approves, enters into any
agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by Section 9(d), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(d), the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least thirty (30) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is consummated. Holder
agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(h) in confidence until such information is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect
to trading in the Companys securities following receipt of any such information.

(i)Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant, reduce the then-current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

10.Payment of Exercise Price. If at any time after 90 calendar days after the Issue Date, at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective
registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then the Holder may satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in
which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

Xequals the number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued to the Holder;

Yequals the total number of Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

Aequals the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise Date; and

Bequals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants at the time of such exercise.

10

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a
cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the Original Issuance Date (provided that the Commission continues to take the
position that such treatment is proper at the time of such exercise). In the event that a registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares is, for any reason, not effective at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then this Warrant
may only be exercised through a cashless exercise, as set forth in this Section 10. If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and agrees that,
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Exercise Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants being
exercised. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (buy-in remedy), Section 9(d) (Fundamental Transactions) and Section 12 (No Fractional Shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11.Limitations on Exercise.

(a)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant (other than for Pre-Funded Warrants), and the
Holder of this Warrant shall not exercise any portion of the Warrant(other than for Pre-Funded Warrants), and any
such exercise (other than for Pre-Funded Warrants) shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior to or following such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution
Parties, beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, in excess of [4.99][9.99]% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Common Stock that would be issued and outstanding following such exercise. For purposes of
calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the Maximum Percentage is or will be exceeded, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties, shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the
determination is being made but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible
stock or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall,
except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder of this Warrant may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number). For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through the exercise of derivative securities
and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the
Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and,
to the extent that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must
notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the
Reduction Shares. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution
Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties,
being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which the
Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As
soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder
of this Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; providedthat any increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company and shall not
negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change.

11

(b)This Section 11 shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount
of securities or other consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(d) of this Warrant.
For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties for any purpose including
for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, including Rule 16a-1(a)(1). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to
this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 11 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or
inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11 or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

12.No Fractional Sharesor Fractional Pre-Funded Warrants. No fractional Warrant Shares and/or fractional Pre-Funded Warrants will be issued in connection with any exercise
of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares and/or fractional Pre-Funded Warrants that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and
the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional sharesand/or fractional Pre-Funded Warrants.

13.Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified by the Company prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time,
on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified by the Company on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30
P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom
such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery.

14.Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon 30 days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint
a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the
Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly
cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

12

15.Miscellaneous.

(a)No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled
to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this
Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, amalgamation,
conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this
Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such
liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b)Further Assurances. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its
certificate or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant
against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b)
take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an
adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(c)Successors and Assigns. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company
without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns.
Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only
in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns.

(d)Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to
perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

13

(e)Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f)Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND
ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL
COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF
ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH
PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g)Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(h) Severability. If any part or provision of this Warrant is
held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business
purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Warrant shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first
indicated above.

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

15

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock or Pre-Funded Warrants under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the Warrant) issued by Grace Therapeutics, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase _____ Warrant Shares or _____ Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise

Cashless Exercise under Section10 of the Warrant

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $ _____ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants determined in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant.

(6) The undersigned, together with any other Attribution Parties, is the beneficial owner of ____ shares of Common Stock. By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the
undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby (i) the Holder is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (ii) the
Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

NameofHolder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among Grace
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, an Investor and
together, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance
upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Investors, and each Investor
desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, (A) shares (the Shares) of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and/or (B) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Pre-Funded Warrants); and accompanying (C) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock(or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Common Warrants, and together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, together with the Shares, the Securities); and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Shares and the Warrants, the parties hereto
will execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect of the Shares and the Warrant
Shares (as defined below) under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and
covenants herein contained, the Company and each Investor, severally and not jointly, agree as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or
is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in or construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Benefit Plan or Benefit Plans means employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and all
other employee benefit practices or arrangements, including, without limitation, any such practices or arrangements providing severance pay, sick leave, vacation pay, salary continuation for disability, retirement benefits, deferred compensation,
bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or other stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical insurance, life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements, maintained by the Company or to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is obligated to contribute for employees or former employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Bylaws means the Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect.

Certificate of Incorporation means the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect.

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Common Warrants has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Confidential Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in Sections 3.29.

Drug Regulatory Agency means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or other foreign, state, local or
comparable governmental authority responsible for regulation of the research, development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale, marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation of drug or biological products
and drug or biological product candidates.

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.16.

ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9(b).

Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties made by the Company in Sections 3.1 (Organization and Power), 3.2
(Capitalization), 3.4 (Authorization), 3.5 (Valid Issuance), 3.6 (No Conflict), 3.8 (Consents), 3.9 (SEC Filings; Financial Statements), 3.19 (Nasdaq Stock Market), 3.20 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act),
3.24 (Price Stabilization of Common Stock), 3.25 (Investment Company Act), 3.26 (General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation), 3.27 (Brokers and Finders), 3.28 (Reliance by the Investors), 3.29(No
Disqualification Events), 3.30 (Other Covered Persons) and 3.31 (No Additional Agreements).

GAAP has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9(b).

GDPR has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Governmental Authorizations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.22.

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9.

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13.

Investor and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals.

Issuer Covered Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.29.

IT Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, (a) was,
is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b)
materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Company to comply, or prevents the Company from complying, with its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, or with respect to the Closing, or would reasonably be
expected to do so.

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question, together
with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Offering Materials means any investor presentation and/or other marketing materials relating to the purchase and sale of the Securities, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, documents incorporated therein by reference and any other related documentation, describing the Company and the terms of the purchase and sale of the Securities.

3

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Personal Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Placement Agent means TD Securities (USA) LLC.

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Pre-Funded Warrants has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Privacy Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Privacy Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Process or Processing has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(j).

Regulatory Agencies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports means (a) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and (b)
all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual Report on Form 10-K has been filed and prior to the execution
of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto.

Securities has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Short Sales include, without limitation, all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

4

Studies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

Tax or Taxes means any and all federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties and
charges of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto), whether or not imposed on the Company, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or measured by,
income, franchise, profits or gross receipts, and also ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding, employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment
compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs duties.

Tax Returns means returns, reports, information statements and other documentation (including any additional or supporting material) filed or maintained, or
required to be filed or maintained, in connection with the calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and shall include any amended returns required as a result of examination adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service or
other Tax authority.

Trading Day means any weekday on which the National Exchange is normally open for trading.

Transaction Agreements means this Agreement, the Warrants, and the Registration Rights Agreement.

Transfer Agent means, with respect to the Common Stock, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. or such other financial institution that provides transfer agent
services as the Company may engage from time to time.

Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Warrants has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

2. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

2.1 Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Investors,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the number and type of Securities, for the price per Share, price per Pre-Funded Warrant, and price per Common Warrant, as applicable, and aggregate purchase price, set forth opposite each such Investors
name on Exhibit A.

5

2.2 Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Section 5.6 of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities (the Closing
and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at such time as agreed to by the Company and the
Investors but (i) in no event earlier than the first Business Day after the date of this Agreement and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Business Day after the date of this Agreement. At the Closing, (a) the Shares shall be issued and
registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, representing the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit
A, (b) the Company shall deliver to the Investor (or such Investors designated custodian per its delivery instructions), or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, a Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for a number of
shares of Common Stock as set forth in Exhibit A with respect to such Investor, and (c) the Company shall deliver to the Investor (or such Investors designated custodian per its delivery
instructions), or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, a Common Warrant exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof) as set forth
in Exhibit A with respect to such Investor, in each case against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of immediately available
funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the Investors no less than two Business Days prior to the Closing. On the Closing Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares
in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in Section 4.10) and the Company
shall provide to each Investor promptly following Closing evidence in form reasonably satisfactory to the Investor from the Transfer Agent evidencing the issuance of such Securities. In the event that the Closing has not occurred within one
Business Day after the expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than one Business Day thereafter) return the previously wired amounts to each respective Investor by
wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book entries for the Securities shall be deemed cancelled; provided that, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to
Section 7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement or relieve such Investor of its obligation to purchase, or the Company of its obligation to issue and sell, the
Securities at the Closing; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Investor shall be required to wire funds prior to the date on which the conditions to the Investors obligations set forth in Section 6.1 below are satisfied (other than those
conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at Closing).

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (other than as to the Fundamental Representations, which are not so qualified), the Company
hereby represents and warrants to each of the Investors and the Placement Agent that the statements contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such date). 

3.1 Organization and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted, as presently proposed to be conducted and as described in the SEC Reports, and is qualified
to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to have such power and authority or to
so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys subsidiaries is (i) duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the
requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required,
except in each case as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect.

6

3.2 Capitalization. The Companys disclosure of its authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock in the SEC Reports
containing such disclosure was accurate in all material respects as of the date indicated in such SEC Reports and the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of stock options under the Companys stock option plans. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.
None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company which have not been waived,and such
shares were issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights of third parties.The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not
obligate the Company or any subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investors). No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the
issuance and sale of the Securities.

3.3 Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements, the Company is presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any
rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued, other than such rights and obligations that have expired or been satisfied or waived.

3.4 Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into the Transaction Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements, including the issuance and sale of the Securities, the issuance
of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), and the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants (the Common Warrant Shares and
together with the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares) (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof). All
corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the Warrant Shares, has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by each Investor and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each Investor, this Agreement and each of the Warrants constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting the rights
of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes
legal, valid and binding agreements of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). A subcommittee of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors comprised solely of independent directors who are not Investors or affiliates of any Investor has approved the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements.

7

3.5 Valid Issuance. The Shares being purchased by the Investors hereunder have been duly and validly authorized and, upon
issuance pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other
restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common
Stock. The Warrant Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of the Warrants against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws),
and the holder of the Warrant Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investors in Section 4, the offer and sale of the Securities
to the Investors is and will be in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities laws of
the states of the United States.

3.6 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Company, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the
consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of or
default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a benefit under any agreement or instrument, credit
facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) conflict with or
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations) and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or affected, except,

in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or be reasonably expected result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.7 Compliance. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time
or both, would result in a default by the Company or any subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any
other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived).

8

3.8 Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors, no consent, approval,
authorization, filing with or order of or registration with, any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the authorization, execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction Agreements, the issuance and sale of the
Securities and the performance by the Company of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as (a) have been or will be obtained or made under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices
and/or application(s) to the National Exchange for the issuance and sale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares and the listing of the Shares or the Warrant Shares for trading or quotation, as the case may be, thereon in the time and manner required
thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with the SEC or pursuant to state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein, which will be filed on a timely
basis, and (d) the filing of the registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement, or (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All notices, consents, authorizations,
orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or made or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and
effect, on or prior to the Closing.

3.9 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a) The Company has filed all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC under Section 13, 14(a)
and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement and is in compliance with General Instruction I.A.3 of Form S-3. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the filed SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and, as of the time they were filed, none of the filed SEC Reports
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There
are no outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review.

(b) The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Financial Statements)
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement) and fairly present in
all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified, all in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) (except as otherwise noted therein, and in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not
contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial Statements filed prior to
the date of this Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except (i) those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such financial statements or (ii)
liabilities not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in either case, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

3.10 Absence of Changes. Between March 31, 2024 and the date of this Agreement, (a) the Company
has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions
related thereto); (b) no material change to any material contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there
has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that none of the following will be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to
constitute, and that none of the following will be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect under this Section 3.10: (i) any change generally affecting the economy, financial markets or
political, economic or regulatory conditions in the United States or any other geographic region in which the Company conducts business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(ii) general financial, credit or capital market conditions, including interest rates or exchange rates, or any changes therein, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected
thereby;

(iii) any change that generally affects industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(iv) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions, global pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related
strains, epidemic or similar health emergency, and other force majeure events in the United States or any other location, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(v) national or international political or social conditions (or changes in such conditions), whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any
military or terrorist attack, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(vi) material changes in laws after the date of this Agreement; and

(vii) in and of itself, any material failure by the Company to meet any published or internally prepared estimates of revenues, expenses, earnings or other economic performance for any period
ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the facts and circumstances giving rise to such failure may be deemed to constitute, and may be taken into account in determining whether there has been, a Material Adverse
Effect to the extent that such facts and circumstances are not otherwise described in clauses (i)-(vi) of this Section 3.10).

10

3.11 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or inquiry pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any orders, writs, injunctions, judgments
or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither

the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is, or within the last ten years has been, the subject of any action involving a claim of violation of
or liability under federal or state securities laws relating to the Company or such subsidiary or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company or such subsidiary.

3.12 Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or has received any
notices of violations with respect to, any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental body, court or government agency or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have all required licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Authorizations)

from such federal, state or local government or governmental agency, department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess
currently such Governmental Authorizations has not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written (or, to the Companys knowledge, oral) notice regarding
any revocation or material modification of any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

3.13 Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, or have rights to use, all material inventions, patent
applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets, know how (including unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary of confidential information, systems or procedures) and other intellectual
property as described in the SEC Reports necessary for, or used in the conduct of their respective businesses (including as described in the SEC Reports) (collectively, Intellectual Property), except where
any failure to own, possess or acquire such Intellectual Property has not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property of the Company and its subsidiaries
has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To the Companys knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, including no liens, security
interests, or other encumbrances; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. No action, suit, or other proceeding is pending, or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened: (A) challenging the Companys or its subsidiaries rights in or to any Intellectual Property; (B) challenging the validity,
enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property; or (C) alleging that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other
proprietary rights of others, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have complied in all material respects
with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and to the Companys knowledge all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there
are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property.

11

3.14 Employee Benefits. Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Benefit
Plan has been established and administered in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and other applicable laws, rules and
regulations. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding employment, except for any failures to comply that are not reasonably likely, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or its subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which may interfere with the business activities of the
Company, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage is not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.15 Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and foreign income Tax Returns and other Tax Returns required to have been filed
under applicable law (or extensions have been duly obtained) and have paid all Taxes required to have been paid by them, except for those which are being contested in good faith and except where failure to file such Tax Returns or pay such Taxes
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No assessment in connection with United States federal tax returns has been made against the Company. The charges, accruals and reserves on the
books of the Company in respect of any income and corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or reassessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined, except to the
extent of any inadequacy that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No audits, examinations or other proceedings with respect to any material amounts of Taxes of the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in progress or have been
asserted or proposed in writing without subsequently being paid, settled or withdrawn. There are no liens on any of the assets of the Company. At all times since October 7, 2024, the Company has been and continues to be classified as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)-2 during the period specified in Code Section
897(c)(1)(A)(ii).

3.16 Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii)
have received all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their business and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where
such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received since April 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), whether from a governmental authority or
other Person, that alleges that the Company or any of its subsidiaries is not in compliance with any Environmental Law and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or
interfere with the Companys or any of its subsidiaries compliance in any material respects with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the
knowledge of the Company: (i) no current or (during the time a prior property was leased or controlled by the Company) prior property leased or controlled by the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
received since April 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased at any time by the Company, whether from a governmental authority, or other Person, that alleges that such current or prior owner or the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is not in compliance with or violated any Environmental Law relating to such property and (ii) the Company has no material liability under any Environmental Law.

12

3.17 Title. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by it that is material to the business of
the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its subsidiaries,
as the case may be. Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its subsidiaries is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and
proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Company does not own any real property.

3.18 Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts and covering such risks that is customary for comparably
situated companies and is adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its real and personal properties (owned or leased) and tangible assets, and each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of such insurance policies. Other than customary end-of-policy notifications from insurance carriers, since April 1, 2023, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding
any actual or possible: (i) cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection of any material claim under any insurance policy.

3.19 Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GRCE. The Company is in compliance with all listing requirements of Nasdaq applicable to the Company. There is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange
Act. The Company has taken no action that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

3.20 Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and since April 1,
2023 has been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

13

3.21 Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect: (i) the preclinical tests and clinical trials and other studies used to support regulatory approval (collectively, Studies) being conducted by the Company that are described in, or the results of
which are referred to in, the SEC Reports were (and, if still pending, are being) conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and approved for such Studies and with standard medical and
scientific research procedures; (ii) each description of the results of such Studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such Studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of
any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to in the SEC Reports; (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals
as may be required by the FDA or from any other U.S. federal, state or local government or foreign government or Drug Regulatory Agency, or Institutional Review Board, each having jurisdiction over biopharmaceutical products (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies) for the conduct of its business as described in the SEC Reports; (iv) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any of the Regulatory
Agencies requiring the termination or suspension of or imposing any clinical hold on any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the SEC Reports; and (v) the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies.

3.22 Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all
Health Care Laws to the extent applicable to the Companys current business and research use only products. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.) and the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws,
including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)); (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (iv) the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (v) the European Union (EU) Clinical Trials Regulation (Regulation (EU) No.
536/2014); (vi) the EU Regulation regarding community procedures for authorization and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency (Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004); (vii) licensure,
quality, safety and accreditation requirements under applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; (viii) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or
its subsidiaries, and (ix) the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written or, to the Companys knowledge, oral notice of any
claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in material
violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or
submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any
corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of
their respective employees, officers, directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

14

3.23 Accounting

Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains
records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that
receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that
could have a material effect on the Companys financial statements. The Company has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Companys disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

3.24 Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will it take, and, to the Companys knowledge, no
Person acting on its behalf has taken or intends to take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares.

3.25 Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities will not be, an
investment company within the meaning of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.26 General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the
Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company
has not, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold
pursuant to this Agreement for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Assuming the
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its subsidiaries nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the
exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated hereby.

15

3.27 Brokers and Finders. Other than the Placement Agent, neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company
to act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.28 Reliance by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations set forth in this Section

3. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth
herein.

3.29 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii) Affiliates, (iii) directors,
(iv) executive officers, (v) non-executive officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) beneficial owners of 20% or more of its outstanding voting equity securities (calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii)
promoters or (viii) investment managers (including any of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) or general partners or managing members of such investment
managers (including any of such general partners or managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) (each, an Issuer Covered Person
and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event). The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Investors a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

3.30 Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the
Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

3.31 No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and any Investor with respect to
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than (i) as specified in the Transaction Agreements and (ii) any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, which side letters the Company has shared with all Investors and
which, for the avoidance of doubt, do not contain terms (economic or otherwise) more favorable to such Investor.

16

3.32 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective
officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees are and have at all times been in compliance with and its participation in the offering will not violate: (A) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any applicable law, rule,
or regulation of any locality, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997,
including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law, rule or regulation of similar purposes and scope or (B) anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, applicable federal,
state, international, foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18 US. Code sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international
anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which designation the United States
representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder.

3.33 Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems,
networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation
of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, and are free and clear of all material Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other malicious code. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained
commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls designed to maintain and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, privacy and security of all sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Confidential Data) used or maintained in connection with their businesses and Personal Data (defined below), and the integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems. Personal Data means the following data used in connection with the Companys and its subsidiaries businesses and in their possession or control: (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address,
photograph, social security number or other tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number or bank information; (ii) information that identifies or may reasonably be used to identify an individual; (iii) any
information that would qualify as protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (iv) any information that would qualify as personal data, personal information (or similar term) under the Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge, there have been no breaches, outages or
unauthorized uses of or accesses to the Companys IT Systems, Confidential Data, or Personal Data that would require notification under Privacy Laws (as defined below).

3.34 Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, since April 1,
2023, in material compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal or any other processing (collectively Process or Processing) of Personal Data, including without limitation HIPAA, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
(Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679), all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or
non-U.S. counterpart thereof (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure material compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take all appropriate steps
necessary to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the Processing of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Privacy Statements).

The Company and its subsidiaries have, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, since April 1, 2023 provided accurate notice of their Privacy Statements then in effect to
its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives. Since April 1, 2023, none of such disclosures made or contained in any Privacy Statements have been materially inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or in material violation of any
Privacy Laws.

17

3.35 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and the
directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described.

4. Representations and Warranties of Each
Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself (and for each account for which such purchaser is acquiring Securities) and not jointly with any other Investor, represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agent that the statements
contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date:

4.1 Organization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization.

4.2 Authorization. The Investor has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Investor or its stockholders, members or partners
necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the other
Transaction Agreements has been taken. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Agreements to which such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement
constitutes the legal and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited or otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

18

4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Investor, the purchase
of the Securities in accordance with their terms and the consummation by the Investor of the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Investor (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational
documents of the Investor, including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or (ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility,
franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
reasonably expected to materially delay or materially hinder the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

4.4 Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made (if an
entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name on Exhibit A, except as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company in writing.

4.5 Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay.

4.6 Investment Representations and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date of this Agreement is, if an
entity, a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an
individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection
with an investment in the Securities. The Investor further represents and warrants that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is
an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). The Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made
in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed
herein.

4.7 Intent. The Investor is purchasing the Securities solely for the Investors own account and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the
resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without
prejudice, however, to the Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor is purchasing
the Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements
herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the Securities to or through any person or entity. The Investor understands that the Securities may be required to be held indefinitely unless such
Securities are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by the Investor to hold the Securities for any
period of time.

19

4.8 Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks. The Investor acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and
complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described in
this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as the Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor
acknowledges that the Investor (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and
investment strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor is aware that there are substantial
risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), the Investor has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks
of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment for the Investor. The Investor is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of the Investors entire investment in the
Securities and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

4.9 Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials presented by or on behalf
of the Company to the Investor in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors sole discretion, has deemed
necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities.

4.10 Securities Not Registered; Legends. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a
transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Securities may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Investor unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the
Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The Investor understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the
provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company
which are outside of the Investors control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to
consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or
made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

20

The Investor understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Securities may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE
COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH
HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

In addition, the Securities may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor, if applicable.

4.11 No
General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Securities directly from the Company. Investor became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Placement
Agent or directly from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company or the Placement Agent, and/or their respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and
financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The Securities were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between
Investor and the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective representatives. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Investor, by any other means, and none of the Company, the
Placement Agent and/or their respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly
disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other general
solicitation or general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

21

4.12 Access to Information. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, (A) have
had a full opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such materials and information from the Company, or any person or persons acting on behalf of the Company, regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions
of the offering of the Securities as the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary or relevant to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities and (B) have carefully reviewed any documents used
in the offer and sale of the Securities (including the Offering Materials), and (ii) that the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. The Investor further acknowledges and agrees that (x) no statement
or printed material that is contrary to the documents used in the offer and sale of the Securities (including the Offering Materials) has been made or given to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company and (y) the Investor is not relying upon, and
has not relied upon, any statement, representation or warranty made by any person, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, except for the statements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Neither such inquiries nor
any other due diligence investigation conducted by the Investor shall modify, limit or otherwise affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement.

4.13 Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Investor has not, nor, to the Investors knowledge, has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the
Investor was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a
multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager
that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such information, the Investor has maintained the
confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

4.14 Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor represents that no
Disqualification Event is applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. The Investor
hereby agrees that it shall notify the Company promptly in writing in the event a Disqualification Event becomes applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties prior to Closing, except, if applicable, for a Disqualification
Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. For purposes of this Section, Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities
for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

22

5. Covenants.

5.1 Further Assurances. Prior to and at the Closing, each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys,
accountants and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and compliance
with applicable law, including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges that the
Company and the Placement Agent will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Investor agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the
acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate and the Company agrees to promptly notify each Investor if any of the acknowledgments, understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement are no longer accurate.

5.2 Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market
and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company
or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

5.3 Disclosure of Transactions. The Company shall, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business
Day immediately following the date of this Agreement (provided that, if this Agreement is executed between midnight and 9:00 a.m., New York City time on any Business Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. on the date hereof), issue a press release and/or file
with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure Document, and the time of the actual issuance of such press release and/or filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K,
whichever is earlier, the Disclosure Time) disclosing (i) all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements and, in the case of a filing of a Current Report on
Form 8-K, attaching this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements as exhibits to such Disclosure Document and (ii) all material, non-public information concerning the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction
Agreements disclosed to the Investors prior to the Disclosure Time. Following the Disclosure Time, no Investor shall be in possession of any material non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors by the Placement Agent, the
Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, officers or other representatives. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting securities transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not disclose the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or
advisers in any marketing materials, press release, public announcement or filing with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the prior written consent of
the Investor, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to
other routine proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that the
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Investor with prior notice and a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure permitted under foregoing clause (ii).

23

5.4 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of
any National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

5.5 Removal of Legends.

(a) In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares or Warrant Shares by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption under the
Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to the Company, the Company shall request the Transfer Agent to
remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such shares and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as reasonably practicable following any such
request therefor from the Investor, provided that the Company has timely received from the Investor customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection therewith. The Company shall be responsible for
the fees of its Transfer Agent and its legal counsel associated with such legend removal.

(b) Subject to receipt from the Investor by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the
Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of such time as the Shares or Warrant Shares (i) have been registered under the Securities Act
pursuant to an effective registration statement; (ii) have been sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an Investor accompanied by
such customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares, and (B) cause its counsel to
deliver to the Transfer Agent one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend, or if requested by
such investor, respectively, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 5.5(b), it will, upon written request
from an Investor, no later than the earlier of (i) two Business Days and (ii) the number of Business Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following such time, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Investor a
certificate, book-entry statement or other instrument representing such Investors Shares and/or Warrant Shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. Certificates, book-entry statements or other instruments for Shares or Warrant Shares
subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Investor by crediting the account of the Investors prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Investors. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the National Exchange with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of Shares
and/or Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

24

5.6 Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish the Company with any information,
representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding obligations).

5.7 Fees and Commissions. The Company shall be solely responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers
commissions (other than for Persons engaged by an Investor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to the Placement Agent.

5.8 No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in
any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors under the Transaction Agreements.

5.9 Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers
and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented attorney fees and
disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such
Indemnified Person may become subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Indemnified Person
for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person solely to the extent such amounts have been finally judicially determined not to have resulted from such Indemnified Persons fraud or willful
misconduct.

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii)
permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to
participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have
failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and
the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not
have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations
hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any
proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the
giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault,
culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed,
consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement.

25

5.10 Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date of this Agreement until the later of (a) ninety (90) days after the Closing Date and (b) thirty (30) days after
the effective date of the registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Restricted Period), the Company shall not (A) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, (B) effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Stock or (C) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating
to any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.10 shall not apply to (i) the issuance of the
Securities hereunder, (ii) the issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents upon the conversion, exercise or vesting of any securities of the Company outstanding on the date of this Agreement or outstanding pursuant to clause (iii) below,
(iii) the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to any Company stock-based compensation plans or in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4), or (iv) the filing of a registration statement on (A) Form S-8 under
the Securities Act to register the offer and sale of securities on an equity incentive plan or employee stock purchase plan or (B) Form S-3 under the Securities Act to register securities which may be offered on a delayed basis pursuant to SEC Rule
415, provided that the Company shall not file a prospectus supplement to offer or sell any such securities pursuant to any such Form S-3 prior to the end of the Restricted Period.

5.11 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Warrant Shares that are issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

26

5.12 Equal Treatment of Investors. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or
modification of any provision of any Transaction Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Agreements. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each
Investor by the Company and negotiated separately by each Investor, and is intended for the Company to treat the Investors as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Investors acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase,
disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

6. Conditions of Closing. 

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the
Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Securities being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material
respects, except for the Fundamental Representations and those qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as
of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for those
representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date.

(b) Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed
by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy
court or judge, or any order of or by any governmental entity, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by any governmental entity, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
or in the other Transaction Agreements including the purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor.

(d) Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the consummation of the
purchase and sale of the Securities, all of which shall be in full force and effect.

(e) Transfer Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of the Shares at the Closing.

27

(f) Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered to the Investors and the Placement Agent the opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP, dated
as of the Closing Date, in customary form and substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Investors and addressing such legal matters as the Investors and the Company reasonably agree.

(h) Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Investors certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents), 6.1(e) (Transfer Agent), 6.1(f)

(Adverse Changes) and 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) of this Agreement have been fulfilled.

(i) Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate certifying (i) the Certificate of Incorporation;
(ii) the Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the
Securities and the Warrant Shares.

(j) Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit

D (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors.

(k) Listing Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental or regulatory body
with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on a National Exchange and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the National Exchange from trading thereon nor shall suspension by
the SEC or the National Exchange have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the SEC or the National Exchange; and the Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the
Shares and the Warrant Shares and Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to such notice and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l) Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being
purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

6.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to
issue and sell to each Investor the Securities to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

28

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section 4 hereto shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for
those qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects, on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a
reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date.

(b) Performance. Each Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such
Investor on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation.

(d) Registration Rights Agreement. Each Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit D.

(e) Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being
purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

7. Termination.

7.1 Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and the Investors, on the other hand, to effect the Closing shall terminate as follows:

(i) Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investors that agreed to purchase a majority of the Securities prior to the Closing;

(ii) By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company;

(iii) By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such
Investor; or

(iv) By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement;

provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the circumstances giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing.

7.2 Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written
notice thereof shall be given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction
Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

29

8. Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1 Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in Section 5.3, neither the Company nor any Investor shall
make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including
applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance, and
the Company will consider in good faith any Investor comments. The Company shall not include the name of the Investor in any press release or public announcement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any filing with the SEC) without
the prior written consent of the Investors (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except as otherwise required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of any securities exchange or securities market, in which case the
Company shall allow the Investors, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.1,
Investor review shall not be required for Company disclosures that are substantially consistent with contemporaneous or prior Company disclosures.

8.2 Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during
normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt:

(a) If to the Company, addressed as follows:

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

103 Carnegie Center, Suite 300

Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Attention: Prashant Kohli

Email: p.kohli@gracetx.com

30

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

Hogan Lovells US LLP

1735 Market Street, 23rd Floor

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103

Attention: Steven Abrams, Esq.

Email: steve.abrams@hoganlovells.com

(b) If to any Investor, at its address or e-mail address set forth on Exhibit A, or such address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section

8.2.

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

8.3 Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
DGCL), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below the Investors name on the
signature page or Exhibit A, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have
been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail
address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

8.4 Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any
jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder
of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

8.5 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury.

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that
would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply.

(b) The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any
state court or United States Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the State of New York;

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in
any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law;

31

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail),
postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.2 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified pursuant thereto;

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for
recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties hereto;

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon
such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law;

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property,
such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and

(vii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement.

8.6 Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be
deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

8.7 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses,
including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however,
that the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied
in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investors. The Company shall pay all Placement Agent fees relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with that certain Engagement Letter by and
between the Company and the Placement Agent, dated January 22, 2025.

32

8.8 Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of
its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an Investor, and (y) the Investors, in the case of the
Company, holding a majority of the Securities then outstanding (determined as if all the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such Warrants), provided that (a) prior to Closing, an
Investor may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights to purchase the Securities hereunder to any of its affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of
such Investor (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4) and (b) following the Closing, an Investor may assign its rights under this
Agreement with respect to any of the Securities purchased by such Investor to any Person to which it assigns or transfers such Securities in compliance with the Transaction Agreements and applicable law (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound
by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by
the applicable provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption
or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement.

8.9 Confidential Information.

(a) Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed by
the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Investors outside attorney, accountant,
auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be
required by law, each of whom shall be informed by the Investor of the terms of this Section 8.9 and its obligations herein and any violation of this Section 8.9 will be the obligation of the Investor.

(b) The Company may request from the Investors such reasonable and customary additional information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire
the Securities, and the Investor shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the Investor confidential, except (i)
as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations, (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq, and
(iii) to such Investors outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or
administrative tasks and services, each of whom shall be informed by the Investor of the terms of this Section 8.9 and its obligations herein and any violation of this Section 8.9 will be the obligation of the Investor. The Investor
acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as an exhibit to a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company.

33

8.10 Reliance by and Exculpation of Placement Agent.

(a) Each Investor agrees for the express benefit of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and its representatives that (i) the Placement Agent, its affiliates and its representatives have not
made, and will not make any representations or warranties with respect to the Company or the offer and sale of the Securities, and the Investor will not rely on any statements made by the Placement Agent, orally or in writing, to the contrary, (ii)
the Investor will be responsible for conducting its own due diligence investigation with respect to the Company and the offer and sale of the Securities, (iii) the Investor will be purchasing Securities based on the results of its own due diligence
investigation of the Company and the Placement Agent and each of its directors, officers, employees, representatives, and controlling persons have made no independent investigation with respect to the Company, the Securities, or the accuracy,
completeness, or adequacy of any information supplied to the Investor by the Company, (iv) the Investor has negotiated the offer and sale of the Securities directly with the Company, and the Placement Agent will not be responsible for the ultimate
success of any such investment and (v) the decision to invest in the Company will involve a significant degree of risk, including a risk of total loss of such investment. Each Investor further represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that it,
including any fund or funds that it manages or advises that participates in the offer and sale of the Securities, is permitted under its constitutive documents (including, without limitation, all limited partnership agreements, charters, bylaws,
limited liability company agreements and similar documents) to make investments of the type contemplated by this Agreement. This Section 8.10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

(b) The Company agrees and acknowledges that the Placement Agent may rely on its representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement and each Investor agrees
that the Placement Agent may rely on such Investors representations and warranties contained in this Agreement as if such representations and warranties, as applicable, were made directly to the Placement Agent.

(c) Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates or representatives (1) shall be liable for any improper payment made in accordance with the information provided by the Company;
(2) makes any representation or warranty, or has any responsibilities as to the validity, accuracy, value or genuineness of any information, certificates or documentation delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to the Transaction Agreements
or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated therein; or (3) shall be liable (x) for any action taken, suffered or omitted by any of them in good faith and reasonably believed to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or
powers conferred upon it by the Transaction Agreements or (y) for anything which any of them may do or refrain from doing in connection with the Transaction Agreements, except in each case for such partys own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

(d) The Company agrees that the Placement Agent, its affiliates and representatives shall be entitled to (1) rely on, and shall be protected in acting upon, any certificate, instrument,
notice, letter or any other document or security delivered to any of them by or on behalf of the Company, and (2) be indemnified by the Company for acting as the Placement Agent hereunder pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in the
applicable letter agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent.

34

8.11 Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights,
remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other
beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Placement Agent is an intended third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company and of each Investor set forth in Section 3, Section 4
and Section 6.1(h) and Section 8.10 respectively, of this Agreement and (ii) the Indemnified Persons are intended third-party beneficiaries of Section 5.9.

8.12 Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement are several and not joint with the
obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto, shall be
deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting
in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each Investor confirms that it has independently participated
in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Hogan Lovells US LLP has not rendered legal advice to such Investor in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an
additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any
Investor.

8.13 Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Agreement.

8.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g.,
www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

35

8.15 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto), constitute
the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether
written or oral. No amendment, modification, alteration, or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Investors of at least a
majority in interest of the Securities then held by the Investors, provided that prior to the Closing the consent of all Investors shall be required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of any term
of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion and (ii) any amendment to Section 5.3, 5.5 or
5.9 shall require the written consent of each Investor. The Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such
Investor or the Company, respectively, with any term or provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such Investor or the Company, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else
herein to the contrary, no amendment, modification, alteration, change or waiver of this Section 8.15 shall be valid without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of
the Placement Agent.

8.16 Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the
delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

8.17 Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision of this Agreement has been subject to
the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

8.18 Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the terms and conditions of the Securities were
determined as a result of arms-length negotiations.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

36

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

COMPANY:

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

By: 

Name: Prashant Kohli

Title: Chief Executive Officer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

INVESTOR:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email: 

EXHIBIT A

INVESTORS

Investor Name 

Shares 

Price Per

Share 

Shares

Underlying 

Pre-Funded

Warrants 

Price Per Pre-

Funded 

Warrant 

Shares (or Pre-

Funded 

Warrants in 

lieu thereof)

Underlying 

Common 

Warrants 

Price Per

Common 

Warrant 

Aggregate

Purchase

Price

[Name] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

[Name] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

[Name] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

TOTAL: 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT

B-1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF COMMON WARRANT

C-1

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among Grace
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, an Investor and
together, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in
reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Investors, and each Investor
desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, (A) shares (the Shares) of the
Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and/or (B) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Pre-Funded Warrants); and accompanying (C) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock(or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Common Warrants, and together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, together with the Shares, the Securities); and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Shares and the Warrants, the parties hereto
will execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect of the Shares and the Warrant
Shares (as defined below) under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and
covenants herein contained, the Company and each Investor, severally and not jointly, agree as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or
is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in or construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Benefit Plan or Benefit Plans means employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and all
other employee benefit practices or arrangements, including, without limitation, any such practices or arrangements providing severance pay, sick leave, vacation pay, salary continuation for disability, retirement benefits, deferred compensation,
bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or other stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical insurance, life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements, maintained by the Company or to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is obligated to contribute for employees or former employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Bylaws means the Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect.

Certificate of Incorporation means the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect.

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Common Warrants has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Confidential Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in Sections 3.29.

Drug Regulatory Agency means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or other foreign, state, local or
comparable governmental authority responsible for regulation of the research, development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale, marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation of drug or biological
products and drug or biological product candidates.

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.16.

ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

2

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9(b).

Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties made by the Company in Sections 3.1 (Organization and Power), 3.2
(Capitalization), 3.4 (Authorization), 3.5 (Valid Issuance), 3.6 (No Conflict), 3.8 (Consents), 3.9 (SEC Filings; Financial Statements), 3.19 (Nasdaq Stock Market), 3.20 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act),
3.24 (Price Stabilization of Common Stock), 3.25 (Investment Company Act), 3.26 (General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation), 3.27 (Brokers and Finders), 3.28 (Reliance by the Investors), 3.29(No
Disqualification Events), 3.30 (Other Covered Persons) and 3.31 (No Additional Agreements).

GAAP has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9(b).

GDPR has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Governmental Authorizations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.22.

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9.

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13.

Investor and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals.

Issuer Covered Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.29.

IT Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, (a)
was, is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b)
materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Company to comply, or prevents the Company from complying, with its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, or with respect to the Closing, or would reasonably
be expected to do so.

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question,
together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market.

3

Offering Materials means any investor presentation and/or other marketing materials relating to the purchase and sale of the Securities, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, documents incorporated therein by reference and any other related documentation, describing the Company and the terms of the purchase and sale of the Securities.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Personal Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.33.

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Pre-Funded Warrants has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Privacy Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Privacy Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Process or Processing has the meaning set forth in Section 3.34.

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(j).

Regulatory Agencies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports means (a) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and (b)
all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual Report on Form 10-K has been filed and prior to the execution
of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto.

Securities has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Short Sales include, without limitation, all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

4

Studies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

Tax or Taxes means any and all federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties and
charges of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto), whether or not imposed on the Company, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or measured by,
income, franchise, profits or gross receipts, and also ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding, employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment
compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs duties.

Tax Returns means returns, reports, information statements and other documentation (including any additional or supporting material) filed or maintained,
or required to be filed or maintained, in connection with the calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and shall include any amended returns required as a result of examination adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service
or other Tax authority.

Trading Day means any weekday on which the National Exchange is normally open for trading.

Transaction Agreements means this Agreement, the Warrants, and the Registration Rights Agreement.

Transfer Agent means, with respect to the Common Stock, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. or such other financial institution that provides transfer agent
services as the Company may engage from time to time.

Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Warrants has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

2. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

2.1 Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Investors, severally and not
jointly, agree to purchase, the number and type of Securities, for the price per Share, price per Pre-Funded Warrant, and price per Common Warrant, as applicable, and aggregate purchase price, set forth opposite each such Investors name on Exhibit

A.

5

2.2Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 5.6 of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities (the Closing and the
date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at such time as agreed to by the Company and
the Investors but (i) in no event earlier than the first Business Day after the date of this Agreement and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Business Day after the date of this Agreement. At the Closing, (a) the Shares shall be
issued and registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, representing the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit A, (b) the Company shall deliver to the Investor (or such Investors designated custodian per its delivery instructions), or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, a Pre-Funded
Warrant exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock as set forth in Exhibit A with respect to such Investor, and (c) the Company shall deliver to the Investor (or such
Investors designated custodian per its delivery instructions), or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, a Common Warrant exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock
(or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof) as set forth in Exhibit A with respect to such Investor, in each case against payment to the Company of the purchase price
therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the Investors no less than two Business Days prior to the
Closing. On the Closing Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in Section 4.10) and the Company shall provide to each Investor promptly following Closing evidence in form reasonably satisfactory to the Investor from the Transfer Agent evidencing the issuance of such Securities.
In the event that the Closing has not occurred within one Business Day after the expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than one Business Day thereafter)
return the previously wired amounts to each respective Investor by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book entries for the Securities shall be deemed
cancelled; provided that, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement or relieve such Investor of
its obligation to purchase, or the Company of its obligation to issue and sell, the Securities at the Closing; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Investor shall be required to wire funds prior to the date on which the
conditions to the Investors obligations set forth in Section 6.1 below are satisfied (other than those conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at Closing).

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (other than as to the Fundamental Representations, which are not so qualified), the
Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Investors that the statements contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such date).

3.1 Organization and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted, as presently proposed to be conducted and as described in the SEC Reports, and is qualified to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to have such power and authority or to so qualify would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys subsidiaries is (i) duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite power and authority to carry on
its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except in each case as would not cause a
Material Adverse Effect.

6

3.2 Capitalization. The Companys disclosure of its authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock in the SEC Reports containing such disclosure was accurate in all material
respects as of the date indicated in such SEC Reports and the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of stock options under the Companys
stock option plans. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company which have not been waived,and such shares were issued in compliance in all material
respects with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights of third parties.The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not obligate the Company or any subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investors). No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.

3.3Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements, the Company is presently not under any
obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued, other than such rights and obligations that have expired
or been satisfied or waived.

3.4 Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements,
including the issuance and sale of the Securities, the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), and the issuance of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants (the Common Warrant Shares and together with the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares) (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof). All corporate action on the part of the
Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the Warrant Shares, has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each
Investor and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each Investor, this Agreement and each of the Warrants constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity
principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes legal, valid and binding agreements of the
other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law). A subcommittee of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors comprised solely of independent directors who are not Investors or affiliates of any Investor has approved the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Agreements.

7

3.5 Valid Issuance. The Shares being purchased by the Investors hereunder have been duly and validly authorized and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against
full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the
Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. The Warrant Shares have been duly and validly
authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of the Warrants against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be
issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder of the Warrant Shares shall be
entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investors in Section 4, the offer and sale of the Securities to the Investors is and will be in
compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities laws of the states of the United States.

3.6 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Company, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation of the other
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a benefit under any agreement or instrument, credit facility, franchise,
license, judgment, order, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) conflict with or result in a
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (including federal and state securities laws and
regulations) and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or affected, except, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or be reasonably expected result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.7 Compliance. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time
or both, would result in a default by the Company or any subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any
other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived).

8

3.8 Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors, no consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of or registration with, any
court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the authorization, execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction Agreements, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the performance by the Company of its other
obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as (a) have been or will be obtained or made under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the National Exchange for the
issuance and sale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares and the listing of the Shares or the Warrant Shares for trading or quotation, as the case may be, thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with the SEC
or pursuant to state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein, which will be filed on a timely basis, and (d) the filing of the registration statement
required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement, or (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All notices, consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is
required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or made or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and effect, on or prior to the Closing.

3.9 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a) The Company has filed all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC under Section 13, 14(a) and 15(d) of
the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement and is in compliance with General Instruction I.A.3 of Form S-3. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this
Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the filed SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and, as of the time they were filed, none of the filed SEC Reports contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no
outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review.

(b) The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Financial Statements) comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement) and fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified, all in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except as otherwise noted therein, and in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and
are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial Statements filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except (i) those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such financial statements or (ii) liabilities not
required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in either case, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

3.10 Absence of Changes. Between March 31, 2024 and the date of this Agreement, (a) the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been
no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto); (b) no material change to any material contract or arrangement by
which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that none of the following will be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and that none of the following will be taken into account in
determining whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect under this Section 3.10: (i) any change generally affecting the economy, financial markets or political, economic or regulatory conditions in the United States or any
other geographic region in which the Company conducts business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(ii) general financial, credit or capital market conditions, including interest rates or exchange rates, or any changes therein, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected
thereby;

(iii) any change that generally affects industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(iv) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions, global pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related
strains, epidemic or similar health emergency, and other force majeure events in the United States or any other location, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(v) national or international political or social conditions (or changes in such conditions), whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of
any military or terrorist attack, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(vi) material changes in laws after the date of this Agreement; and

(vii) in and of itself, any material failure by the Company to meet any published or internally prepared estimates of revenues, expenses, earnings or other economic performance for any period
ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the facts and circumstances giving rise to such failure may be deemed to constitute, and may be taken into account in determining whether there has been, a Material Adverse
Effect to the extent that such facts and circumstances are not otherwise described in clauses (i)-(vi) of this Section 3.10).

10

3.11 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or inquiry pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any orders, writs, injunctions, judgments or decrees outstanding of any
court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is, or within the last ten years has been, the subject of any action involving a claim of violation of or liability under
federal or state securities laws relating to the Company or such subsidiary or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company or such subsidiary.

3.12 Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or has received any notices of violations with respect to, any laws, statutes,
ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental body, court or government agency or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have all required licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Authorizations) from such federal, state or local government
or governmental agency, department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess currently such Governmental Authorizations has
not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written (or, to the Companys knowledge, oral) notice regarding any revocation or material modification of
any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.13 Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, or have rights to use, all material inventions, patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service
names, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets, know how (including unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary of confidential information, systems or procedures) and other intellectual property as described in the SEC Reports necessary for, or
used in the conduct of their respective businesses (including as described in the SEC Reports) (collectively, Intellectual Property), except where any failure to own, possess or acquire such Intellectual
Property has not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property of the Company and its subsidiaries has not been adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To the Companys knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, including no liens, security interests, or other encumbrances; and (ii)
there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No action, suit, or other
proceeding is pending, or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened: (A) challenging the Companys or its subsidiaries rights in or to any Intellectual Property; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property;
or (C) alleging that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, except, in each case,
which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to
which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and to the Companys knowledge all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the
patents or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property.

11

3.14 Employee Benefits. Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Benefit Plan has been established and administered in accordance with
its terms and in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance
with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding employment, except for any failures to comply that are not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no labor
dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or its subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which may interfere with the business activities of the Company, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage is
not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.15 Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and foreign income Tax Returns and other Tax Returns required to have been filed under applicable law (or
extensions have been duly obtained) and have paid all Taxes required to have been paid by them, except for those which are being contested in good faith and except where failure to file such Tax Returns or pay such Taxes would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No assessment in connection with United States federal tax returns has been made against the Company. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company in
respect of any income and corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or reassessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy
that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No audits, examinations or other proceedings with respect to any material amounts of Taxes of the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in progress or have been asserted or proposed in
writing without subsequently being paid, settled or withdrawn. There are no liens on any of the assets of the Company. At all times since October 7, 2024, the Company has been and continues to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)-2 during the period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii).

12

3.16 Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the
protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received all permits and other Governmental
Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their business and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws,
failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. None of the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received since April 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), whether from a governmental authority or other Person, that alleges that the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is not in compliance with any Environmental Law and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with the Companys or any of
its subsidiaries compliance in any material respects with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company: (i) no current
or (during the time a prior property was leased or controlled by the Company) prior property leased or controlled by the Company or any of its subsidiaries has received since April 1, 2023, any written
notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased at any time by the Company, whether from a governmental authority, or other Person, that alleges that such current or prior owner or the Company or any of its subsidiaries is not in compliance with or violated any Environmental Law relating to such property and (ii) the Company has no material liability under any Environmental Law.

3.17 Title. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by it that is material to the business of the Company, free and
clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its subsidiaries is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of
such property and buildings by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Company does not own any real property.

3.18 Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts and covering such risks that is customary for comparably situated companies and is
adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its real and personal properties (owned or leased) and tangible assets, and each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in compliance in all material
respects with the terms of such insurance policies. Other than customary end-of-policy notifications from insurance carriers, since April 1, 2023, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding any actual or possible: (i)
cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection of any material claim under any insurance policy.

3.19 Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GRCE. The Company is in compliance with all listing requirements of Nasdaq applicable to the Company. There is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action that
is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

13

3.20 Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and since April 1, 2023 has been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

3.21 Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the preclinical tests and clinical trials and
other studies used to support regulatory approval (collectively, Studies) being conducted by the Company that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the SEC Reports were (and, if
still pending, are being) conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and approved for such Studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures; (ii) each description of the
results of such Studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such Studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent
with, or otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to in the SEC Reports; (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required by the FDA or from any other U.S.
federal, state or local government or foreign government or Drug Regulatory Agency, or Institutional Review Board, each having jurisdiction over biopharmaceutical products (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies)

for the conduct of its business as described in the SEC Reports; (iv) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any of the Regulatory Agencies requiring the termination or suspension of or
imposing any clinical hold on any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the SEC Reports; and (v) the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable rules,
regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies.

14

3.22 Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all Health Care Laws to the extent applicable to the Companys
current business and research use only products. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.) and the Public
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute
(42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)); (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as
amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (v) the European Union (EU) Clinical Trials Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 536/2014); (vi) the EU Regulation regarding community
procedures for authorization and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency (Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004); (vii) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under
applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; (viii) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (ix) the regulations
promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written or, to the Companys knowledge, oral notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the
Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments
were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring
agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective employees, officers,
directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental
inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

3.23 Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and
procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors and (iv) regarding prevention or timely
detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the Companys financial statements. The Company has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of the
Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Companys disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all information (both
financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC,
and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

3.24 Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will it take, and, to the Companys knowledge, no Person acting on its behalf has taken or intends to take,
directly or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or the Warrant Shares.

15

3.25 Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the U.S.
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.26 General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for
sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement for purposes of the
Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the Investors set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its subsidiaries nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any
offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the exemption from registration for the transactions
contemplated hereby.

3.27 Brokers and Finders. Neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.28 Reliance by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations set forth in this Section 3. The Company acknowledges that each of
the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth herein.

3.29 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii) Affiliates, (iii) directors, (iv) executive officers, (v) non-executive officers
participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) beneficial owners of 20% or more of its outstanding voting equity securities (calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii) promoters or (viii) investment managers (including any
of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) or general partners or managing members of such investment managers (including any of such general partners or
managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer

Covered Persons) is subject to the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event). The Company has complied, to the
extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Investors a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

3.30 Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for
solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

16

3.31 No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and any Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreements other than (i) as specified in the Transaction Agreements and (ii) any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, which side letters the Company has shared with all Investors and which, for the avoidance of doubt, do not contain
terms (economic or otherwise) more favorable to such Investor.

3.32 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors,
managers, agents, or employees are and have at all times been in compliance with and its participation in the offering will not violate: (A) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any applicable law, rule, or regulation of any locality,
including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law, rule or regulation of similar purposes and scope or (B) anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international,
foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18 US. Code sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering
principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which designation the United States representative to the group or
organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder.

3.33 Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and
databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as
currently conducted, and are free and clear of all material Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other malicious code. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative
controls designed to maintain and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, privacy and security of all sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Confidential Data) used or maintained in
connection with their businesses and Personal Data (defined below), and the integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems. Personal Data means the following data
used in connection with the Companys and its subsidiaries businesses and in their possession or control: (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or other tax identification
number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number or bank information; (ii) information that identifies or may reasonably be used to identify an individual; (iii) any information that would qualify as protected health
information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (iv) any
information that would qualify as personal data, personal information (or similar term) under the Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge, there have been no breaches, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to the Companys IT Systems,
Confidential Data, or Personal Data that would require notification under Privacy Laws (as defined below).

17

3.34 Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, since April 1, 2023, in material compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy
and security laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal or any other processing (collectively Process or Processing)

of Personal Data, including without limitation HIPAA, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679), all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign
laws relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof (collectively, the Privacy Laws).
To ensure material compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take all appropriate steps necessary to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to
data privacy and security and the Processing of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Privacy Statements). The Company and its subsidiaries have, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, since April 1, 2023 provided accurate notice of their Privacy Statements then in effect to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives. Since April 1, 2023, none of
such disclosures made or contained in any Privacy Statements have been materially inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or in material violation of any Privacy Laws.

3.35 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders,
customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described.

4. Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself (and for each account for which such purchaser is acquiring Securities) and not jointly with
any other Investor, represents and warrants to the Company that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date:

4.1 Organization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.

4.2 Authorization. The Investor has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a
party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Investor or its stockholders, members or partners necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements has been taken. The execution,
delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Agreements to which such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the legal and binding agreement of the Company,
this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited or otherwise affected by bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law).

18

4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Investor, the purchase of the Securities in accordance with their terms and the
consummation by the Investor of the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Investor (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with,
or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents of the Investor, including, without
limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or (ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order,
ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to materially delay
or materially hinder the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

4.4 Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the
address immediately below the Investors name on Exhibit A, except as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company in writing.

4.5 Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose
fees the Company would be required to pay.

4.6 Investment Representations and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date of this Agreement is, if an entity, a qualified institutional
buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited
investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with an investment in the
Securities. The Investor further represents and warrants that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is an institutional
account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). The Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon
federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein.

19

4.7 Intent. The Investor is purchasing the Securities solely for the Investors own account and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of
any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to the
Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor is purchasing the Securities as a
fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of
each owner of each such account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the Securities to or through any person or entity. The Investor understands that the Securities may be required to be held indefinitely unless such Securities are
resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by the Investor to hold the Securities for any period of
time.

4.8 Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks. The Investor acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its
investment in the Securities and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described in this Agreement and
contemplated hereby, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as the Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor acknowledges that
the Investor (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment
strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor is aware that there are substantial risks
incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), the Investor has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of
an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment for the Investor. The Investor is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of the Investors entire investment in the
Securities and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

4.9 Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the
Investor in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors sole discretion, has deemed necessary or
appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities.

20

4.10 Securities Not Registered; Legends. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the
meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, and that the Securities may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Investor unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The Investor understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the
Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Investors control and which the
Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale,
transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of
this investment.

The Investor understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Securities may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE
COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH
HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

In addition, the Securities may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor, if applicable.

4.11 No General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Securities directly from the Company. Investor became aware of this offering
of the Securities directly from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company and/or its respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial
advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The Securities were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor
and the Company and/or their respective representatives. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Investor, by any other means, and none of the Company and/or their respective
representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly disseminated advertisement, article,
notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement,
including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

21

4.12 Access to Information. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, (A) have had a full opportunity to ask such
questions, receive such answers and obtain such materials and information from the Company, or any person or persons acting on behalf of the Company, regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
as the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary or relevant to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities and (B) have carefully reviewed any documents used in the offer and sale of the
Securities (including the Offering Materials), and (ii) that the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. The Investor further acknowledges and agrees that (x) no statement or printed material that is
contrary to the documents used in the offer and sale of the Securities (including the Offering Materials) has been made or given to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company and (y) the Investor is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any
statement, representation or warranty made by any person, except for the statements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by the Investor shall
modify, limit or otherwise affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement.

4.13 Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Investor has not, nor, to the Investors knowledge, has any Person acting on behalf
of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor was first contacted
by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed investment vehicle
whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such information, the Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any
actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

4.14 Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor represents that no Disqualification Event is
applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. The Investor hereby agrees that it shall
notify the Company promptly in writing in the event a Disqualification Event becomes applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties prior to Closing, except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule
506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. For purposes of this Section, Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities for purposes of Rule
506(d) of the Securities Act.

22

5. Covenants.

5.1 Further Assurances. Prior to and at the Closing, each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys, accountants and other
agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and compliance with applicable law,
including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges that the Company will rely on
the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Investor agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements,
representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate and the Company agrees to promptly notify each Investor if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties
set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement are no longer accurate.

5.2 Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market and, in accordance therewith,
will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other
established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

5.3 Disclosure of Transactions. The Company shall, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day immediately following the date of this Agreement
(provided that, if this Agreement is executed between midnight and 9:00 a.m., New York City time on any Business Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. on the date hereof), issue a press release and/or file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K
(including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure Document, and the time of the actual issuance of such press release and/or filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K, whichever is earlier, the Disclosure Time) disclosing (i) all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements and, in the case of a filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K, attaching this
Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements as exhibits to such Disclosure Document and (ii) all material, non-public information concerning the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements disclosed to
the Investors prior to the Disclosure Time. Following the Disclosure Time, no Investor shall be in possession of any material non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors by the Company or any of its directors, officers,
employees, officers or other representatives. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting securities transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Company shall not disclose the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers in any marketing materials, press release, public announcement or filing with the SEC
(other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the prior written consent of the Investor, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any
registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is
required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Investor with prior notice and a
reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure permitted under foregoing clause (ii).

23

5.4 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers
to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities
Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the
closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

5.5 Removal of Legends.

(a) In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares or Warrant Shares by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption under the
Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to the Company, the Company shall request the Transfer Agent
to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such shares and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as reasonably practicable following any such
request therefor from the Investor, provided that the Company has timely received from the Investor customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection therewith. The Company shall be responsible for
the fees of its Transfer Agent and its legal counsel associated with such legend removal.

24

(b) Subject to receipt from the Investor by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer
Agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of such time as the Shares or Warrant Shares (i) have been registered under the Securities Act pursuant to an
effective registration statement; (ii) have been sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirements under
Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an Investor accompanied by such customary and
reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares, and (B) cause its counsel to deliver to the
Transfer Agent one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend, or if requested by such
investor, respectively, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 5.5(b), it will, upon written request from an Investor, no later than
the earlier of (i) two Business Days and (ii) the number of Business Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following such time, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Investor a certificate, book-entry statement or
other instrument representing such Investors Shares and/or Warrant Shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. Certificates, book-entry statements or other instruments for Shares or Warrant Shares subject to legend removal
hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Investor by crediting the account of the Investors prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Investors. As used herein, Standard

Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the National Exchange with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of Shares and/or Warrant Shares issued with a
restrictive legend.

5.6 Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish the Company with any information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time
to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding obligations).

5.7 Fees and Commissions. The Company shall be solely responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for
Persons engaged by an Investor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.8 No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with
the Companys obligations to the Investors under the Transaction Agreements.

5.9 Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment
advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented attorney
fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which
such Indemnified Person may become subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Indemnified
Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person solely to the extent such amounts have been finally judicially determined not to have resulted from such Indemnified Persons fraud or
willful misconduct.

25

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii)
permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to
participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have
failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person
and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party
shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its
obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in
connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified
party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an
unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not
include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement.

5.10 Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date of this Agreement until the later of (a) ninety (90) days after the Closing Date and (b) thirty (30) days after the effective date of the
registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Restricted Period), the Company shall not (A) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (B) effect a reverse
stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Stock or (C) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.10 shall not apply to (i) the issuance of the Securities hereunder, (ii) the
issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents upon the conversion, exercise or vesting of any securities of the Company outstanding on the date of this Agreement or outstanding pursuant to clause (iii) below, (iii) the issuance of any Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to any Company stock-based compensation plans or in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4), or (iv) the filing of a registration statement on (A) Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register
the offer and sale of securities on an equity incentive plan or employee stock purchase plan or (B) Form S-3 under the Securities Act to register securities which may be offered on a delayed basis pursuant to SEC Rule 415, provided that the Company
shall not file a prospectus supplement to offer or sell any such securities pursuant to any such Form S-3 prior to the end of the Restricted Period.

26

5.11 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of
preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Warrant Shares that are issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

5.12 Equal Treatment of Investors. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver
or modification of any provision of any Transaction Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Agreements. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each
Investor by the Company and negotiated separately by each Investor, and is intended for the Company to treat the Investors as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Investors acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

6. Conditions of Closing.

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay
for the Securities being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for the
Fundamental Representations and those qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except
to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for those representations and
warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date.

(b) Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to
the Closing Date.

(c) No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order
of or by any governmental entity, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by any governmental entity, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other
Transaction Agreements including the purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor.

(d) Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the
Securities, all of which shall be in full force and effect.

27

(e) Transfer Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of the Shares at the Closing.

(f) Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(g) Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered to the Investors the opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP, dated as of the Closing Date, in customary form and
substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Investors and addressing such legal matters as the Investors and the Company reasonably agree.

(h) Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Investors certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents), 6.1(e) (Transfer Agent), 6.1(f)

(Adverse Changes) and 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) of this Agreement have been fulfilled.

(i) Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate certifying (i) the Certificate of Incorporation;
(ii) the Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the
Securities and the Warrant Shares.

(j) Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors.

(k) Listing Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public
trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on a National Exchange and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the National Exchange from trading thereon nor shall suspension by the SEC or the National
Exchange have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the SEC or the National Exchange; and the Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the Shares and the Warrant
Shares and Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to such notice and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l) Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being
purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

6.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to issue and sell to each
Investor the Securities to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

28

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section 4 hereto shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for
those qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects, on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a
reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date.

(b) Performance. Each Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such
Investor on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation.

(d) Registration Rights Agreement. Each Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit D.

(e) Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being
purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

7. Termination.

7.1 Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and the Investors, on the other hand, to effect the Closing shall terminate as follows:

(i) Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investors that agreed to purchase a majority of the Securities prior to the Closing;

(ii) By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company;

(iii) By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by
such Investor; or

(iv) By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement;

29

provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the circumstances giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing.

7.2 Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be
given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the
right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

8. Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1 Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in Section 5.3, neither the Company nor any Investor shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence
or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section

5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any
national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance, and the Company will consider in good faith any Investor
comments. The Company shall not include the name of the Investor in any press release or public announcement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any filing with the SEC) without the prior written consent of the Investors (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except as otherwise required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of any securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors, to the extent
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.1, Investor review shall not be required for
Company disclosures that are substantially consistent with contemporaneous or prior Company disclosures.

8.2 Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally
delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (c) three (3)
days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day
delivery, with written verification of receipt:

30

(a) If to the Company, addressed as follows:

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

103 Carnegie Center, Suite 300

Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Attention: Prashant Kohli

Email: p.kohli@gracetx.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

Hogan Lovells US LLP

1735 Market Street, 23rd Floor

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103

Attention: Steven Abrams, Esq.

Email: steve.abrams@hoganlovells.com

(b) If to any Investor, at its address or e-mail address set forth on Exhibit A, or such address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section

8.2.

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

8.3 Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL),

as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit A, as updated
from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail
address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not
affect the foregoing.

8.4 Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or
unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall
remain binding upon the parties hereto.

8.5 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury.

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that
would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply.

(b) The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

31

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any
state court or United States Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the State of New York;

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in
any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law;

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail),
postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.2 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified pursuant thereto;

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for
recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties hereto;

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit
upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law;

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such
party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and

(vii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement.

8.6 Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed
as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

8.7 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and
expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection
with the delivery of any Securities to the Investors.

32

8.8 Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this
Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an Investor, and (y) the Investors, in the case of the Company, holding a
majority of the Securities then outstanding (determined as if all the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such Warrants), provided that (a) prior to Closing, an Investor may, without
the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights to purchase the Securities hereunder to any of its affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of such Investor
(provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4) and (b) following the Closing, an Investor may assign its rights under this Agreement
with respect to any of the Securities purchased by such Investor to any Person to which it assigns or transfers such Securities in compliance with the Transaction Agreements and applicable law (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the
terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the
applicable provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption
or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement.

8.9 Confidential Information.

(a) Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed
by the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Investors outside attorney, accountant,
auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be
required by law, each of whom shall be informed by the Investor of the terms of this Section 8.9 and its obligations herein and any violation of this Section 8.9 will be the obligation of the Investor.

(b) The Company may request from the Investors such reasonable and customary additional information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire
the Securities, and the Investor shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the Investor confidential, except
(i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations, (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of
Nasdaq, and (iii) to such Investors outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial,
legal, or administrative tasks and services, each of whom shall be informed by the Investor of the terms of this Section 8.9 and its obligations herein and any violation of this Section 8.9 will be the obligation of the Investor.
The Investor acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as an exhibit to a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company.

33

8.10 [Reserved].

8.11 Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims,
benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner
of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Persons are intended third-party beneficiaries of Section 5.9.

8.12 Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant
hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors
are in any way acting in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each Investor confirms that it has
independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Hogan Lovells US LLP has not rendered legal advice to such Investor in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any
other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was
required or requested to do so by any Investor.

8.13 Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

8.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when
counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be
considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

34

8.15 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto), constitute the entire agreement
between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether written or oral. 
No amendment, modification, alteration, or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Investors of at least a majority in interest
of the Securities then held by the Investors, provided that prior to the Closing the consent of all Investors shall be required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement
may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion and (ii) any amendment to Section 5.3, 5.5 or 5.9
shall require the written consent of each Investor. The Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Investor or
the Company, respectively, with any term or provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such Investor or the Company, respectively.

8.16 Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities in
accordance with their respective terms. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

8.17 Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision of this Agreement
has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

8.18 Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the terms and conditions of the Securities were determined as a result of
arms-length negotiations.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

COMPANY:

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

By: 

Name: Prashant Kohli

Title: Chief Executive Officer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

INVESTOR:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email: 

EXHIBIT A

INVESTORS

Investor Name 

Shares 

Price Per

Share 

Shares

Underlying

Pre-Funded

Warrants 

Price Per Pre-

Funded

Warrant 

Shares (or Pre-

Funded 

Warrants in 

lieu thereof) 

Underlying 

Common 

Warrants 

Price Per

Common

Warrant 

Aggregate

Purchase

Price

[Name] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

[Name] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

[Name] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

TOTAL: 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

[] 

$[] 

$[]

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT

B-1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF COMMON WARRANT

C-1

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 10, 2025, is entered into by and among Grace Therapeutics, Inc.,a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the several investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor and collectively together with their respective permitted assigns, the Investors). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the two Securities Purchase
Agreements by and among the parties hereto, each dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreements).

WHEREAS:

A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreements, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors,
and the Investors have agreed to purchase, as applicable, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to $[] of (x) shares (the InitialShares) of the Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and/or (y) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants), and (z) common warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrants together with the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants) (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof), in each case, pursuant to the Purchase Agreements. The Initial Shares and the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, without giving effect to any limitations on exercise of the Warrants, and assuming all of the Warrants are exercised for cash, are collectively referred to herein as the Shares.

B. To induce the Investors to enter into the applicable Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows:

1. 

DEFINITIONS.

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint
stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

(b) Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for offering securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of
such registration statement(s) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

(c) Registrable Securities means the Shares and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares as a result of any stock split or
subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by the
Registration Statement.

(d) Registration Expenses means all fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the performance of, or compliance with, this Agreement,
including, without limitation, (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or
any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws, (iii) all printing, duplicating, word processing, messenger,
telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the expenses of any special audit and cold comfort letters
required by or incident to such performance).

(e) Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC under the Securities Act, that
Registers Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such
registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable securities laws. Registration Statement shall also include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or
incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC.

(f) Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and all similar
fees and commissions relating to the Investors disposition of the Registrable Securities.

2. 

REGISTRATION.

(a) Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 30 days after the
Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement (the Initial Registration Statement) covering the resale of all
Registrable Securities for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415, which Initial Registration Statement shall be on Form S-3 to the extent the Company is eligible to use such form. Before filing the Registration
Statement, the Company shall furnish to the Investors a copy of the Registration Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement to review and
comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus, prior to its filing with the SEC. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement shall include the plan of
distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall (a) use reasonable best efforts to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the Investor or its counsel
reasonably proposed by the Investor, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information regarding the Investor to which Investor reasonably objects, unless such
information is required to comply with any applicable law or regulation. The Investors shall furnish to the Company within three Business Days of receipt of the request from the Company all information reasonably requested by the Company and as
shall be reasonably required in connection with any registration referred to in this Agreement.

2

(b) Effectiveness.The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any amendment thereto
declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date but no later than the earlier of (a) the 60th calendar day following the initial filing date of the Initial Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the
Initial Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to
further review (the Effectiveness Deadline). The Company shall notify the Investor by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within 24 hours, after the Registration Statement is declared
effective or is supplemented and shall provide the Investor with copies of any related prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep
the Initial Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest
to occur of the following events: (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby; and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold by the Investors without registration and
without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule
of similar effect (as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected holders) (the Registration Period). The Initial
Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

(c) Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable
Securities, the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new registration statement (together with any prospectuses or prospectus supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than ten Business Days after the necessity therefor arises (the New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof but no
later than the earlier of (a) the 60th calendar day following the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will
review the New Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject
to further review (the earlier of such dates, the New RegistrationEffectiveness Deadline). The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b) shall apply to the
New Registration Statement, except as modified hereby. 

(d) Allowable Delays. On no more than two occasions and for not more than 30 consecutive days or for a total of not more than 60 days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay
the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any Registration Statement, in the event that the Company determines in good faith and upon advice of
legal counsel that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company, including in connection with the negotiation or consummation of a material transaction by the Company
that is pending, that would require additional disclosure by the Company in the Registration Statement of material non-public information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential and the non-disclosure of
which would be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Board, upon advice of legal counsel, to cause the Registration Statement to fail to comply with applicable disclosure requirements or (B) amend or supplement the affected Registration
Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (a) notify each Investor in
writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such Investor any material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to
cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and (c) use its reasonable best efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable.

3

(e)Rule 415; Cutback. If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable Securities in any
Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (provided, however, the Company shall be obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to advocate with the
SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities) or requires any Investor to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall (i) promptly notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof and (ii) make its reasonable best efforts
to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the issuer as defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The
Investors shall have the right to select one legal counsel, at such Investors expense, to review and oversee any registration or matters pursuant to this Section 2(f), including participation in any meetings or discussions with the SEC
regarding the SECs position and to comment on any written submission made to the SEC with respect thereto. No such written submission with respect to this matter shall be made to the SEC to which such Investors counsel reasonably objects. In the
event that, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts and compliance with the terms of this Section 2(f), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the
Registrable Securities (the Cut Back Shares) and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the SEC may require to assure the
Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC Restrictions); provided, however, that the Company shall not name any Investor as an underwriter in such Registration
Statement without the prior written consent of such Investor (provided that, in the event an Investor withholds such consent, the Company shall have no obligation hereunder to include any Registrable Securities of such Investor in any Registration
Statement covering the resale thereof until such time as the SEC no longer requires such Investor to be named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement or such Investor otherwise consents in writing to being so named). Any cut-back imposed
on the Investors pursuant to this Section 2(f) shall be allocated among the Investors on a pro rata basis and shall be applied first to any of the Registrable Securities of such Investor as such Investor shall designate, unless the SEC
Restrictions otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree. From and after the date upon which the Company is able to effect the registration of such Cut-Back Shares in accordance with any SEC Restrictions (the Restriction Termination Date), all of the provisions of this Section 2 (including the Companys obligations with respect to the filing of a Registration Statement and its obligations to use its
reasonable best efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective within the time periods set forth herein and the liquidated damages provisions relating thereto) shall again be applicable to such Cut Back Shares; provided, however,
that the date by which the Company is required to file the Registration Statement with respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the tenth day following the Restriction Termination Date and the date by which the Company is required to have the
Registration Statement effective with respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the 55th day immediately after the Restriction Termination Date.

3. 

RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS.

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2, including on the Initial Registration
Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the
Company shall have the following obligations:

4

(a) Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investors promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration
Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC
for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information.

(b) Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration
Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for the Registration Period and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the Investors and the Company, as may be
necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the Investors.

(c) Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, other than documents
incorporated by reference, relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the Investors and their counsel shall have been advised and afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon
at least three Business Days prior to filing with the SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration to any comments thereon received from the Investors or their counsel.

(d) Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of the Initial
Registration Statement, any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement thereunder, any New Registration Statement and all amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or any New
Registration Statement that are filed with the SEC during the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on
behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains information for
which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such other documents as Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by Investor that are
covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request and in such quantities as such Investor may from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be required to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available on SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system.

5

(e) Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of
effectiveness and, (ii) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each
case: (i) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration Statement or any prospectus or for any additional information; (ii) of
the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any
prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or
contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (iii) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event, which makes any statement of a material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which
requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements then made therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend any Registration Statement or any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or
any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose to the Investors (and shall not so disclose to any Investor without such Investors prior written consent) the substance of specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clause (i)
to (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence (each, a Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the event has occurred. If at any time the SEC, or any other federal or state
governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investors, without charge, a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental
authority to the Company or its representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, or prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause
(iii) of the first sentence of this Section 3(e), the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under Registration
Statements may resume; provided, however, that if the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public, the Company may suspend the use of all Registration Statements as provided in Section 2(d) (and for the
avoidance of doubt, any such suspensions under this Section 3(e) and any Allowed Delays together shall not exceed sixty (60) days in any 12 month period).

(f) Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by an Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written
confirmation (email being sufficient) from Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not
such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company for sale of Registrable Securities. 

(g) Listing. The Company shall use best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(h) Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Investor in writing if, at
any time during the Registration Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and
take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the Availability Date
(as defined below), an earnings statement covering a period of at least 12 months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities
Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this subsection 3(h), Availability Date means the 45th
day following the end of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the Companys fiscal year, Availability

Date means the 90th day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter).

6

(i) Blue-Sky. The Company shall register or qualify or cooperate with the Investor and their counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable
Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i)
qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(i), (ii) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section

3(i), or (iii) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(j) Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time
permit the Investors to sell Registrable Securities to the public without registration, for so long as the Registrable Securities are outstanding, the Company covenants and agrees to use reasonable best efforts to: (i) make and keep adequate
current public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) six months after such date as all of the Registrable Securities may be sold without restriction by the holders thereof pursuant to
Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (B) such date as there are no longer Registrable Securities; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and (iii) furnish
electronically to each Investor upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic
access to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the
selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration.

(k) Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or uncertificated
shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders of the
Registrable Securities may reasonably request in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Purchase Agreement; for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through
the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

(l) Removal of Restrictive Legends. Without limiting Section 5.5 of the Purchase Agreements, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Companys
transfer agent to remove any restrictive legend from any Registrable Securities, following effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement as soon as reasonably practicable upon any written request therefor from an Investor accompanied by
such customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to Section 5.5(b) of the Purchase Agreements.

4. 

OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

(a) Investor Information. Each Investor shall provide a completed Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B in connection with the registration of the
Registrable Securities. If the Company has not received such completed Questionnaire from an Investor within three Business Days of the Companys request, the Company may file the Registration Statement without including such Investors
Registrable Securities.

7

(b) Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the existence of an Allowed
Delay or Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt
of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Allowed Delay or Suspension Event and that such dispositions may again be made.

(c) Investor Cooperation. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in
connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or New Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of its election to exclude all of its
Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

5. 

EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to the disposition
of securities registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the applicable Investors who are incurring such Selling Expenses pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities so registered.

6. 

INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investors, each Person, if any, who controls the Investors, the
members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, members, managers, agents, representatives and advisors of the Investors and each Person, if any, who controls the Investors within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each,
an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs and costs of
preparation), reasonable and documented attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or reasonable and documented expenses, (collectively, Claims) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an
indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any
amendment or supplement thereof, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other state securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which
Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration of the Registrable
Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and
payable, for any reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees or other reasonable and documented expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing
to the Company by the Investors or such Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with
the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was timely made available by the Company; (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall
not inure to the benefit of any such Person from whom the Person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any other Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or omission of
material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus
prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section

8.

8

(b) In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, the Investors, severally and not jointly, agree to indemnify, hold harmless and
defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signedthe Initial Registration Statement or signs any New Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from any
Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about an Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company and reviewed and approved in
writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto. In no event
shall the liability of an Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expense paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages such Investor has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Such
indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to Section 8.

(c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental
action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice
of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense
thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all
other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the
reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests
between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or
defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying
party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or
proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a
complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person in respect to or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not
include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated
to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party
within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party
is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

9

(d) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are
received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including reimbursement of expenses) to
the person making it.

(e) The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party
or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7. 

CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any
amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to
the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

10

8. 

ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the
Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (determined as if all of the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such Warrants); provided, however, that in
any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and
after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term
Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the
prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (determined as if all of the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such
Warrants) shall not be required for such transaction. 

An Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more Persons in connection with the transfer of not fewer than
all of the Registrable Securities (including Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise of Warrants) held by such Investor to such Person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and the provisions of the
applicable Purchase Agreement, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such assignment is effected, and such Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein.

The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investor and its successors
and permitted assigns.

9. 

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.

The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a written instrument
executed by (i) the Company; (ii) the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (determined as if all of the Warrants then outstanding have been exercised without regard to any limitations on the exercise of such
Warrants), provided that any party may give a waiver as to itself and provided further that any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the
comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Investor or each Investor, as applicable;and (iii) any amendments to Section

6 or to the definitions of Filing Deadline, Effectiveness Deadline, Registrable Securities or Registration Period shall require the written consent of each Investor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from
the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors and that does not adversely directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding all of the
Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates.

10. 

MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally
delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (c) three days
after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next Business Day delivery, with
written verification of receipt:

11

i. 

If to the Company, addressed as follows:

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

103 Carnegie Center, Suite 300

Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Attention: Prashant Kohli

Email: p.kohli@gracetx.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

Hogan Lovells US LLP

1735 Market Street, 23rd Floor

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103

Attention: Steven Abrams, Esq.

Email: steve.abrams@hoganlovells.com

ii. 

If to any Investor, at its e-mail address or address set forth on its signature page to the applicable Purchase Agreement or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice
given in accordance with this Section 10.

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

(b) Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit
A, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or
corrected e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to
do so shall not affect the foregoing.

(c) Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed
as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

(d)Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. The provisions of Section 8.5 of the Purchase
Agreements are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis.

(e) Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when
counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be
considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

12

(g) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other
agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(h) Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation
and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(i) No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as set forth in Section 6, 7 and 8, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any
Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any
partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a
third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j) Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or
unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall
remain binding upon the parties hereto.

(k) Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement, the Company covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement
or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees
thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall
attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the
Investors under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation.

(l) Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may be available at law in the event of any breach of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled to
specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company hereunder and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

(m) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

COMPANY:

Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

By: 

Name: Prashant Kohli

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

Exhibit A

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

Each selling stockholder of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus and any of its donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest, may, from time to time, sell any or all of such shares on any stock exchange, market
or trading facility on which such shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices
determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices.

The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus:

distributions to members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders of the selling stockholders;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell such shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

short sales and settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share;

a combination of any such methods of sale; and

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the
pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell such shares, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act, amending the list of selling
stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus in other circumstances,
in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling stockholders for purposes of this prospectus.

1

In connection with the sale of shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in
short sales of such shares in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus short and deliver these shares to close out their short positions, or loan or
pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell such shares. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative
securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus
(as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of the Common Stock covered by this prospectus offered by them will be the purchase price of such shares less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholders
reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive
any of the proceeds from this offering. Upon any exercise of the warrants by payment of cash, however, we will receive the exercise price of the warrants.

The selling stockholders also may resell all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided that they meet the criteria and conform
to the requirements of that rule, or another available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act.

The selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus therein may be underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the
Securities Act (it being understood that the selling stockholders shall not be deemed to be underwriters solely as a result of their participation in this offering). Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of the
shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act will be
subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

To the extent required, the shares of our Common Stock covered by this prospectus to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agent, dealer or underwriter, and
any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus.

2

In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some
states the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with.

We have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus in the market and to the activities of the selling
stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus against certain
liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act.

We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus.

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to use our reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part to become effective and to remain continuously effective until the earlier of: (i)
the date on which the selling stockholders shall have resold or otherwise disposed of all the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus and (ii) the date on which the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus no longer constitute
Registrable Securities as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, such that they may be resold by the selling stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations and without current
public information pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect.

3

Exhibit B

Investor Questionnaire

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. 

Name.

(a) 

Full Legal Name of Investor

(b) 

Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) 

Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. 

Address for Notices to Investor:

Telephone:

E-Mail: 

Contact Person: 

4

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) 

Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) 

If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) 

Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(d) 

If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no
agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Investor.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) 

Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Investor:

5

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of
the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

6. Arrangements for Sale of Securities

(a) Are there any agreements, understandings, or arrangements with any underwriters or broker-dealers regarding the sale of your securities to be registered on the resale registration statement? If so, please include
below. We will request an update at the time of filing the resale registration statement as well.

(b) Is there any underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection with a proposed sale of Securities? If so, please include below. We will request an update at the time of filing the resale registration
statement as well.

The undersigned acknowledge that the Securities Act and the rules and regulation promulgated thereunder may require the undersigned to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or
changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time as long as the undersigned holds Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). In the absence of any such notification,
the Company shall be entitled to continue to rely on the accuracy of the information in this Notice and Questionnaire.

6

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration
Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and
the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date: 

Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Grace Therapeutics Announces Results From Pivotal Phase 3 STRIVE-ON Safety Trial of GTx-104 in aSAH

Trial Met the Primary Endpoint and Provides Evidence of GTx-104 Clinical Benefit Compared to Orally Administered Nimodipine

New Drug Application (NDA) Submission Expected in the First Half of 2025

Princeton, NJ, February 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: GRCE), formerly Acasti Pharma Inc. (Grace Therapeutics or the Company), a late-stage, biopharma company advancing
GTx-104, a clinical-stage, novel, injectable formulation of nimodipine being developed for IV infusion to address significant unmet medical needs in aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH) patients, today announced that its Phase 3 STRIVE-ON
safety trial (the STRIVE-ON trialNCT05995405) met its primary endpoint and provides evidence of clinical benefit when compared to orally administered nimodipine.

The STRIVE-ON trial was a prospective, randomized open-label trial of GTx-104 compared with oral nimodipine in patients hospitalized with aSAH. 50
patients were administered GTx-104 and 52 patients received oral nimodipine. The primary endpoint was the number of patients with at least one episode of clinically significant hypotension reasonably considered to be caused by the drug, and
additional endpoints included safety, clinical, and pharmacoeconomic outcomes. Each patient was evaluated for up to 90 days inclusive of the 21-day treatment period. There was a higher proportion of the most severe cases of aSAH (Hunt & Hess
Grade V) with the worst prognosis in the GTx-104 arm (8%) compared to the oral nimodipine arm (2%).

The trial met its primary endpoint, with patients receiving GTx-104 observed to have a 19% reduction in at least one incidence of clinically
significant hypotension compared to oral nimodipine (28% versus 35%). Other measures also favored or were comparable to GTx-104, including:

54% of patients who received GTx-104 had a relative dose intensity (RDI) of 95% or higher of the prescribed dose compared to only 8% on oral nimodipine.

29% relative increase in the number of patients receiving GTx-104 compared to oral nimodipine with favorable outcomes at 90 days follow up on the modified Rankin scale. Quality of life
as measured by EQ-5D-3L also favored patients receiving GTx-104 versus oral nimodipine.

Fewer intensive care unit (ICU) readmissions, ICU days, and ventilator days for patients receiving GTx-104 versus oral nimodipine.

Adverse events were comparable between the two arms and no new safety issues were identified with patients receiving GTx-104. All deaths in both arms of the trial were due to severity
of the patients underlying disease. There were eight deaths on the GTx-104 arm compared to four deaths on the oral nimodipine arm. The survival status of one patient on the oral nimodipine arm was unknown. No deaths were determined to be
related to GTx-104 or oral nimodipine.

We are thrilled that the STRIVE-ON trial results have exceeded our expectations and demonstrated improvements in clinical outcomes of these patients, said Prashant Kohli, CEO of Grace Therapeutics.
Importantly, the data provide both medical and pharmacoeconomic evidence of the potential benefit of GTx-104 in aSAH patients. We look forward to engaging with the FDA on these data, and we intend to submit our NDA in the first half of this
calendar year.

The standard of care for aSAH has not seen meaningful innovation in nearly 40 years, and we believe these results point to a very promising role for GTx-104 as a potential breakthrough for the care
of aSAH patients, said Dr. Loch MacDonald, Chief Medical Officer. Although STRIVE-ON was not designed or powered to demonstrate efficacy, the data provide support for improvements in both clinical and patient reported outcomes. It is very
gratifying to see our years of work on this formulation validated by the results of our STRIVE-ON trial.

The topline data from the STRIVE-ON trial show that intravenous GTx-104 has the potential to reduce hypotension compared to orally administered nimodipine, said Dr. H Alex Choi, Professor of
Neurology and Neurosurgery at UTHealth Houston/ McGovern Medical School and a member of the Grace Scientific Advisory Board. Nimodipine is an effective neuroprotective agent. The RDI data show that the IV formulation allows patients to receive
more of this powerful medication with fewer hypotensive side effects. Compared to oral nimodipine, the ability to deliver adequate doses of nimodipine in the IV formulation translated into improvements in ICU length of stay, reduction in the need
for mechanical ventilation and of ICU readmissions. These data provide a compelling case for GTx-104 as an alternative for oral nimodipine in hospital pharmacies should it be approved by the FDA.

KOL Event on aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH)

Grace Therapeutics hosted a Key Opinion Leader event in November 2024 featuring Abhishek Ray, MD (University Hospitals) and Andrew Webb, PharmD, BCCCP (Massachusetts
General Hospital), who discussed the high unmet medical need and current treatment landscape for patients suffering aSAH.

About aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH)

aSAH is bleeding over the surface of the brain in the subarachnoid space between the brain and the skull, which contains blood vessels that supply the brain. A primary cause of such bleeding is the
rupture of an aneurysm in the brain. The result is a relatively uncommon type of stroke (aSAH) that accounts for about 5% of all strokes and an estimated 42,500 U.S. hospital treated patients.

About GTx-104

GTx-104 is a clinical stage, novel, injectable formulation of nimodipine being developed for IV infusion in aSAH patients to address significant unmet medical needs. The unique nanoparticle technology
of GTx-104 facilitates aqueous formulation of insoluble nimodipine for a standard peripheral IV infusion.

GTx-104 provides a convenient IV delivery of nimodipine in the Intensive Care Unit potentially eliminating the need for nasogastric tube administration in unconscious or dysphagic patients.
Intravenous delivery of GTx-104 also has the potential to lower food effects, drug-to-drug interactions, and eliminate potential dosing errors. Further, GTx-104 has the potential to better manage hypotension in aSAH patients. GTx-104 has been
administered in over 150 healthy volunteers and was well tolerated with significantly lower inter- and intra-subject pharmacokinetic variability compared to oral nimodipine.

About Grace Therapeutics

Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (Grace Therapeutics or the Company) (formerly Acasti Pharma Inc.) is a late-stage biopharma company with drug candidates
addressing rare and orphan diseases. Grace Therapeutics novel drug delivery technologies have the potential to improve the performance of currently marketed drugs by achieving faster onset of action, enhanced efficacy, reduced side effects, and
more convenient drug delivery. Grace Therapeutics lead clinical assets have each been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA, which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity post-launch in the United States, and additional intellectual
property protection with over 40 granted and pending patents. Grace Therapeutics lead clinical asset, GTx-104, is an intravenous infusion targeting aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH), a rare and life-threatening medical emergency in which
bleeding occurs over the surface of the brain in the subarachnoid space between the brain and skull. In February 2025, Grace Therapeutics announced that its Phase 3 STRIVE-ON safety trial for GTx-104 met its primary endpoint and provided evidence
of clinical benefit over orally administered nimodipine.

For more information, please visit: www.gracetx.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release that are not statements of historical or current fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and forward-looking information within the meaning of Canadian securities laws (collectively, forward-looking statements).

Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results of Grace Therapeutics to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements containing the terms believes, belief, expects, intends, anticipates, estimates, potential, should, may, will, plans,
continue, targeted or
other similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The forward-looking statements in this
press release, including statements regarding, the future prospects of the Companys GTx-104 drug candidate, the timing of the Companys anticipated NDA submission for GTx-104, GTx-104s potential to bring enhanced treatment options to patients
suffering from aSAH, GTx-104s potential to be administered to improve the management of hypotension in patients with aSAH, the ability of GTx-104 to achieve a pharmacokinetic and safety profile similar to the oral form of nimodipine, GTx-104s
potential to achieve pharmacoeconomic benefit over the oral form of nimodipine, GTx-104s commercial prospects, the future prospects of the Companys GTx-102 drug candidate, GTx-102s potential to provide clinical benefits to decrease symptoms
associated with Ataxia Telangiectasia, GTx-102s potential ease of drug administration, the timing and outcomes of a Phase 3 efficacy and safety study for GTx-102, the timing of an NDA filing for GTx-102, the size of the addressable market for
GTx-104 and GTx 102, and any future patent and other intellectual property filings made by the Company for new developments are based upon Grace Therapeutics current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove
to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: (i) the success and timing
of regulatory submissions of the Phase 3 STRIVE-ON safety trial for GTx-104; (ii) regulatory requirements or developments and the outcome and timing of the proposed NDA application for GTx-104; (iii) changes to clinical trial designs and
regulatory pathways; (iv) legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments; and (v) actual costs associated with Grace Therapeutics clinical trials as compared to
managements current expectations. The foregoing list of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and
should be read in conjunction with statements that are included herein and elsewhere, including the risk factors detailed in the Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements, Risk Factors and Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 and other
documents that have been and will be filed by Grace Therapeutics from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the
date on which they were made. Grace Therapeutics undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by applicable securities laws.

For more information, please contact:

Grace Therapeutics Contact:

Prashant Kohli

Chief Executive Officer

Tel: 450-686-4555

Email: info@gracetx.com

www.gracetx.com

Investor Relations:

LifeSci Advisors

Mike Moyer

Managing Director

Phone: 617-308-4306

Email: mmoyer@lifesciadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Corporate Presentation February 2025 

Summary 2 Forward Looking Statements Statements in this presentation that are
not statements of historical or current fact constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and "forward-looking information" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws (collectively, "forward-looking statements"). Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results of Grace Therapeutics, Inc. to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In
addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements containing the terms "believes," "belief," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "estimates", "potential," "should," "may,"
"will," "plans," "continue", "targeted" or other similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this
presentation. The forward-looking statements in this presentation, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the Company's anticipated cash runway, the future prospects of the Companys GTx-104 drug candidate, the timing of the
Company's anticipated NDA submission for GTx-104 with the FDA, GTx-104's potential to bring enhanced treatment options to patients suffering from aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (aSAH), GTx-104s potential to be administered to improve the
management of hypotension in patients with aSAH, the ability of GTx-104 to achieve a pharmacokinetic and safety profile similar to the oral form of nimodipine, GTx-104s potential to provide improved bioavailability and the potential for
reduced use of rescue therapies, GTx-104s potential to achieve pharmacoeconomic benefit over the oral form of nimodipine, GTx-104s commercial prospects, the Companys pre-commercial launch strategy for GTx104, the future prospects of the
Companys GTx-102 drug candidate, GTx-102s potential to provide clinical benefits to decrease symptoms associated with Ataxia Telangiectasia, GTx-102s potential ease of drug administration, the timing and outcomes of a Phase 3 efficacy and
safety study for GTx-102, the timing of an NDA filing for GTx-102, the size of the addressable market for GTx-104 and GTx 102, and any future patent and other intellectual property filings made by the Company for new developments are based upon
Grace Therapeutics, Inc.s current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking
statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: (i) the success and timing of regulatory submissions of the STRIVE-ON Phase 3 safety trial for GTx-104; (ii) regulatory requirements or developments and
the outcome and timing of the proposed NDA application for GTx-104; (iii) changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways; (iv) legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments; and, (v) actual costs associated with Grace
Therapeutics clinical trials as compared to management's current expectations. The foregoing list of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in
conjunction with statements that are included herein and elsewhere, including the risk factors detailed in the "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" sections of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 and other documents that have been and will be filed by Grace Therapeutics, Inc. from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators. All forward-looking
statements contained in this presentation speak only as of the date on which they were made. Grace Therapeutics undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which
they were made, except as required by applicable securities laws. 

Summary GTx-104 novel intravenous nimodipine well positioned to solve oral
challenges and potentially displace oral as SoC Nimodipine is the SoC and clinically de-risked; however, significant unmet needs remain with its only available oral form Phase 3 STRIVE-ON safety trial supports GTx-104 benefit vs oral; NDA
submission expected in 1H:25 Potential to address a severe rare disease with efficient commercial organization; concentrated patient care 3 Summary aSAH: aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage. A-T: ataxia telangiectasia. All dates based on
calendar year. This estimate of cash and cash equivalents is preliminary and subject to completion. As a result, this unaudited preliminary financial information reflects our preliminary estimate with respect to such information, based on
information currently available to management, and may vary from our actual financial position as of December 31, 2024. The unaudited preliminary cash and cash equivalents included herein has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of,
management. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has not audited, reviewed, compiled or completed its procedures with respect to such unaudited financial information and, accordingly, KPMG LLP does not express an opinion
or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. It is possible that we or our independent registered public accounting firm may identify items that require us to make adjustments to the financial information set forth above. GTx-104 |
aSAH Financial Summary GTx-102 | A-T $11M cash and cash equivalents (as of 12/31/24) Novel oral spray formulation of betamethasone to improve the neurological symptoms of A-T FDA has provided guidance on the design of a single pivotal
trial to support an NDA Next steps to be determined pending final trial design 

Experienced Leadership Team 4 Carrie D'Andrea VP Clinical Operations Loch
Macdonald, MD, PhD Chief Medical Officer Prashant Kohli Chief Executive Officer Amresh Kumar, PhD VP Program Management Robert J. DelAversano Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Alejandro A. Rabinstein, MD Alex
Choi, MD Andrew Ducruet, MD Sherry H-Y Chou, MD W. Taylor Kimberly, MD, PhD Management Team Scientific Advisory Board Deep aSAH Expertise in Research, Commercial, Drug & AHA Care Guidelines Development 

aSAH is a Rare and Severe Acute Brain Injury Subarachnoid Hemorrhage aSAH
results in bleeding over the surface of the brain in the space between the brain and skull Primary cause is rupture of an aneurysm Condition can occur quickly, immediate intervention is key to survival Patients require surgical intervention
and oral nimodipine therapy 5 Sources: ClearView Analysis (2025). Forian Claims Data. Fletcher Spaght market research; Becske T. (2018). Steven (2020). Occurs in Relatively Young Patients (~50% <60 yrs) Significant Mortality (~10-15%
before reaching hospital) Est. Annual U.S. Hospital-Treated Patients (2023) Hospital-treated aSAH may be as high as ~70k 

Oral Nimodipine The aSAH Standard of Care for >3 Decades 6 Sources: Hoh
(2023). Hernandez-Duran (2019). Sandow (2016). DCI: Delayed Cerebral Infarction The Joint Commision is a hospital accredation agency 2023 AHA/ASA GuidelinesFor the management of patients with aSAH Nimodipine is the only approved therapy to
improve neurological outcomes Limited use of off-label therapies due to The Joint Commission monitoring adherence to care guidelines 

Nimodipine Consistent Drug Administration Drives Positive Patient
Outcomes 7 Sources: Hoh (2023). Hernandez-Duran (2019). Sandow (2016). aOR: adjusted odds ratio; CI: Confidence Interval Nimodipine cessation or dose reduction independently associated with poor functional outcomes (aOR 0.89, 95% CI
0.80-0.99) P = 0.037 P = 0.061 Received Reduced Nimodipine Course Received Full Nimodipine Course Received Reduced Nimodipine Course Received Full Nimodipine Course Hunt Hess 1-3 Hunt Hess 4-5 Nimodipine is administered six times per
day for up to 21 days Limited use of off-label therapies due to Joint Commission monitoring adherence to care guidelines 

8 Substantial Shortcomings of Oral Nimodipine Sources: Nimodipine Prescribing
Label, Sandow et al., Mahmoud et al., Abboud et al., Soppi et al., Rabaut et al., Ho et al., Fletcher Spaght market research. Administration Challenges High dosing burden of 60mg (2 x 30mg capsules), 6 times per day 45% of patients receive
nimodipine through nasogastric tube (NGT) often via capsule extraction Capsule extraction and administration is labor intensive Dosing Interruption Increased Hypotension Too High Fatal Medication Errors Inadvertent parenteral injection
can result in death or serious life-threatening AEs Highest risk with capsule extraction NYMALIZE (oral liquid) tempers the risk of error, but has tolerability challenges (e.g., severe diarrhea) due to solubility limitations of
nimodipine 3 Sub-optimal Therapeutic Benefit with Oral Administration High Pharmacokinetic Variability Inconsistent plasma concentration in both inter and intra subject High first-pass metabolism, leads to low bioavailability and frequent
dosing Gastric motility issues and presence of food delay rate of absorption Potentially negligible concentration with NGT administration Hypotension drives missed doses and diminished efficacy Blood Concentration 55% of patients do not
receive the full daily dose due to hypotension Sub-optimal Outcomes Too Low 

GTx-104 Technology Overview Breakthrough formulation of GTx-104 is the result of
a decade of research by Grace scientific team GTx-104 Drug Delivery Technology Drug loaded micelles Nimodipine 10 15 nm Blank micelles Surfactant Monomers Hydrophilic Part Hydrophobic Part GTx-104 is a novel formulation of nimodipine
for IV infusion in aSAH patients Overcomes solubility limitations of nimodipine in current formulations Patented formulation uses non-ionic surfactant micelles as the drug carrier to solubilize nimodipine Simple to prepare in pharmacy,
stable at room temperature 9 CMC: Critical micelle concentration. 

GTx-104 Value Proposition 10 Risk of Fatal Parenteral Use Requires Feeding
Tube Excipient Intolerance Hemodynamic Control Dose Compliance Markets Nimodipine Capsules Yes Yes No Poor Poor U.S. / WW NYMALIZE (Oral Liquid) Yes (Reduced) Yes Yes Poor Poor U.S. / Select WW NIMOTOP
(Injectable) No No Yes * Unknown Rescue Only EU / China GTx-104 No No No Optimal Optimal Global Rights NDA Submission 1H:25 Sources: Nimodipine capsule packaging insert. Fletcher Spaght market research. Soppi V. (2007). * High
alcohol content (~24% volume/volume) also requires central catheter for administration WW: Worldwide DDI: drug-drug internation Predictable drug concentration & dose compliance Reduced drug intake, reduced DDIs & no food
effects More effective hypotension management Clinical Value Hospital Value Reduced hospital resources The Joint Commission compliance to aSAH care guidelines Reduced medication errors & nursing burden Patient Value Lower disease
burden & faster recovery Safer & more convenient treatment Improved functional outcomes 

GTx-104 Phase 1 Trial Summary 11 Source: GTx-104-002 CSR; results announced May
2022. Cmax: Maximum observed concentration; AUC: Area under the Curve. The trial met all primary and secondary endpoints Achieved pharmacokinetic bridge of IV GTx-104 with oral nimodipine Bioavailability of GTx-104 was 100% compared to ~7%
for oral nimodipine capsules Consequently, only ~1/12 nimodipine is delivered with GTx-104 to achieve comparable pharmacokinetics as with oral capsules No serious adverse events in the Phase 1 trial Phase 1, Randomized, Two-Period Crossover
Trial to Evaluate the Relative Bioavailability of IV GTx-104 Compared to Oral Nimodipine Capsules at Steady State in Healthy Male and Female Subjects (n=58) Primary outcome measures Day 1 Day 3 AUC Cmax Conclusions Results met the
scientific bridge criteria (bioequivalence) of GTx-104 with oral nimodipine paving the way for pivotal safety trial and 505(b)2 pathway 

GTx-104 Phase 1: Results 12 Source: GTx-104-002 CSR; results announced May
2022 Consistent, predictable plasma concentrations allow for tighter control of hypotension Significantly lower dose variability relative to oral capsule Consistent and predictable plasma concentrations GTx-104 IV infusion vs Oral capsule:
AUC Day_3 0-24hr GTx-104 Oral Capsule 0 100 200 300 400 500 600 700 800 900 1000 AUC dav-3 0-24hour GTx-104 

STRIVE-ON Phase 3 Trial 

GTx-104 STRIVE-ON Phase 3 Pivotal Safety Trial Design 14 mRS: modified Rankin
Scale STRIVE-ON (NCT05995405) is a ~100-patient prospective, open-label, randomized (1:1 ratio), parallel group trial of GTx-104 compared with oral nimodipine in patients hospitalized for aSAH Screening Period (within 96 hours of aSAH
onset) Day 1 Treatment Period Day 2-21 Onset of aSAH Follow up Period Day 30 and Day 90 Primary Endpoint Incidence of subjects with at least one episode of clinically significant hypotension Informed
Consent Inclusion/exclusion Randomize Initiate investigational product Hypotension events Relative dose intensity Safety Adverse events Functional outcomes (mRS) Pharmacoeconomic outcomes Study completion in January 2025 expected
NDA submission 1H 2025 

15 Demographics & Baseline Characteristics GTX-104 (N = 50) Oral
Nimodipine (N = 52) Age (mean) 55 56 Sex, n (%) Female Male 33 (66.0%) 17 (34.0%) 33 (63.5%) 19 (36.5%) Hunt & Hess Grade, n (%) I II III IV V 10 (20%) 15 (30%) 15 (30%) 6 (12%) 4 (8%) 8 (15%) 15 (29%) 16
(31%) 12 (23%) 1 (2%) Demographics well-balanced, except higher proportion of most severe with worst prognosis (Grade V) in GTx-104 

16 Primary Endpoint Clinically Significant Hypotension ~19% relatively fewer
patients with clinically significant hypotension in GTx-104 GTX-104 (N = 50) n (%) Oral Nimodipine (N = 52) n (%) Clinically Significant Hypotension 14 (28%) 18 (35%) Clinically significant hypotension: decrease in systolic BP > 20
mm Hg or diastolic BP > 10 mm Hg or systolic BP <= 100 confirmed by two consecutive readings within five minutes AND requiring medical intervention. 

17 Relative Dose Intensity (RDI) 54% of patients on GTx-104 had RDI of 95% or
higher versus 8% on Oral Nimodipine GTx-104 Oral Nimodipine RDI = (total dose administered / total amount of expected dose) * 100. 

18 Clinical Outcomes mRS (day 90) ~29% relative increase in patients with good
recovery in GTx-104 ~29% * 3 patients did not complete physician-conducted mRS at day-90. However, all 3 were confirmed alive at day-90 ** 6 patients did not complete physician-conducted mRS at day-90. 5 were confirmed alive at day-90, and 1
survival status was unknown 

19 Clinical Outcomes QoL (Quality of Life; day 90) Patient-reported health
scores favor GTx-104 QoL GTx-104 (N = 381) Oral Nimodipine (N = 402) Your Health Today Score mean (0 = being worst -> 100 = great) 75 70 Mobility, n (%) I have no or some problems I am confined to bed 38 (100%) 0 35
(88%) 5 (12%) Self-Care, n (%) I have no or some problems I am unable to wash/dress 37 (97%) 1 (2.6%) 35 (88%) 5 (12%) Usual Activities, n (%) I have no or some problems I am unable to perform 35 (92%) 3 (8%) 33 (84%) 7
(16%) Pain/Discomfort, n (%) I have no or moderate pain I have extreme pain 36 (95%) 2 (5%) 38 (95%) 1 (2%) Anxiety/Depression, n (%) I am not or moderately I am extremely 36 (95%) 2 (5%) 36 (90%) 3 (7%) 1 GTx-104: patient
did not complete survey (4), dead (8 all due to underlying disease, none were GTx-104 related). 2 Oral Nimodipine: patient did not complete survey (8), dead (4 all due to underlying disease, none were Oral Nimodipine related). Oral also
had 2 incomplete (pain, anxiety). 

20 Safety Overall safety was comparable between the two groups Summary of
Adverse Events (AEs) (entire study duration of 90 days) GTx-104 (N = 50) Oral Nimodipine (N = 52) All AEs, n (%) # of events 44 (88%) 158 43 (83%) 193 All AEs, events per n 3.6 4.5 All SAEs1, n (%) # of events 18 (36%) 34 25 (48%)
48 All SAEs, events per n 1.9 1.9 Treatment-Related SAEs, n (%) # of events2 0 2 (4%) 2 Mortality3, n (%) 8 (16%) 4 (8%) Cause of death4 (n) All deaths were due to severity of underlying disease No deaths due to GTx-104 aSAH
(5), ICH (1), rebleed (1), cardiac arrest (1) No deaths due to Oral Nimodipine aSAH (2), rebleed (1), cardiac arrest (1) 1 A few include sepsis, deep vein thrombosis, ICH, hydrocephalus, cerebral infarction, urinary tract infection, C.
difficile, systemic inflammatory response, acute kidney injury, as well as death 2 Oral Nimodipine: bradycardia, vasospasm 3 Mortality rate is equivalent or lower than previous well-controlled clinical trials (Oral NIMOTOP NDA) 4 Based on
investigator assessment SAEs: Serious Adverse Events; ICH: Intracerebral Hemorrhage; DCI: Delayed Cerebral Hemorrhage 

21 ICU Length of Stay (los), Mechanical Ventilator & Readmissions 1.5 fewer
ICU days, 5 fewer ventilator days, and 48% relatively fewer ICU readmissions in GTx-104 GTx-104 (N = 50) Oral Nimodipine (N = 52) ICU los, days Mean (SD) 16.4 (6.7) 17.9 (10.4) Mechanical Ventilation days Mean (SD) 5.6
(5.7) 10.6 (13.9) Hospital Readmissions* One readmission, n (%) Two readmissions, n (%) Three readmissions, n (%) 6 (12%) 0 0 7 (14%) 0 1 (2%) ICU Readmissions One readmission, n (%) Two readmissions, n (%) 2 (4%) 0 3
(6%) 1 (2%) * Hospital Readmissions includes ICU readmissions. Readmissions were due to sequelae of aSAH e.g., UTI (urinary tract infection), DVT (deep vein thrombosis), Pneumonia, Seizures, Hydrocephalus, Cranioplasty. SD: standard
deviation 

22 Pharmacoeconomics Major patient resource utilization drivers in aSAH favor
GTx-104 GTx-104 (N = 50) n* Oral Nimodipine (N = 52) n* Day 1 Day 14 % change Day 1 Day 14 % change Mechanical Ventilation 14 1 -93% 12 7 -42% External Ventricular Drain 32 10 -69% 35 17 -51% Deep
Sedation 5 1 -80% 8 5 -38% Comatose 4 0 -100% 5 2 -60% * Excludes patients that died before Day 14 for this analysis. 

Commercial Preparation 

~45% of treated patients are unconscious or dysphagic (nasogastric tube) >25%
of treated patients have poor dose compliance / blood pressure control aSAH Market Opportunity 24 Literature, typically limited to basal cistern aSAH (~80% of aSAH), suggests ~42.5K U.S. hospital-treated patients Claims analysis suggests
incidence of hospital-treated aSAH may be as high as ~70K Addressable Patients ~50% of patients who survive the initial month remain permanently dependent on a caregiver to maintain daily living Hospitalization charges can be up to ~$530k
for an aSAH patient aSAH is among the most highly reimbursed Diagnosis-Related Groups (DRGs) in neuro ICU 70% of aSAH Cases Result in Death or Permanent Disability Most Critical Unmet Needs Sources: ClearView Analysis (2025). Forian Claims
Data. Becske T. (2018). Steven (2020). Hoh (2023). Etminan. JAMA Neurol. 2019; Fegin. The Lancet Neurology. 2009; Labovitz. Neuroepidemiology. 2006; Shea. Neurosurgery. 2007, Linn. Stroke. 1996; Anderson. Stroke. 2000; Daniere. J de Radiologie
Diagnostique. 2015; Ingall. Stroke. 1989; Giordan et al. J Neurosurg. 2021; Rinkel et al. Lancet Neurol. 2011; Intl Study of Unruptured Intracranial Aneurysms Investigators. NEJM. 1998. 

GTx-104 Market Research Survey Insights from hospital Pharmacy & Therapeutics
(P&T) committee decision makers 31 hospital administrators, critical and neuro intensive care physicians at Comprehensive or Advanced Stroke Centers involved in purchasing decisions 20 respondents are current or former members of P&T
committees No GTx-104 investigators currently participating in STRIVE-ON trial included Respondents report 80% likelihood of adopting GTx-104 assuming 100% bioavailability, better safety, no food effects, effective hypotension management, and
potential hospital & patient value Respondents ranked risk of hypotension as the most problematic issue that may arise when administering oral formulations of nimodipine Survey Design Market Opportunity Challenges with Current Standard
of Care 25 Sources: 2024 company sponsored third party primary market research. 

Concentration of aSAH Care 26 aSAH-Treating Institutions
Concentration PatientVolume Analysis includes n = 3,227 institutions where at least one aneurysmal SAH patient is treated Concentration of aSAH Patients % of Institutions % of Patients ~80% of aSAH patients spread across 880 centers ~15
rep sales force to reach ~50% of aSAH patients, concentrated in 242 centers 1 Assumes each sales rep manages ~15 accounts. Sources: ClearView Analysis (2025). Forian Claims Data. 

Intellectual Property Portfolio 27 Multi-layered intellectual property
protection strategy GTx-104 received orphan drug status designation from the FDA Potential 7 years of marketing exclusivity in US upon NDA approval US and international patent estate Consists primarily of formulation and method-of-use
patents to extend exclusivity beyond what is granted through the orphan drug designation. Multiple patents granted worldwide, including five patents in the US Long patent shelf-life First patent expiry 2037 Newest patent expiry
2042 Continue building our patent portfolio by filing for patent protection on new developments 

Closing Remarks 

29 GTx-104 Conclusions & Next Steps Phase 1 trial met the scientific bridge
criteria (bioequivalence) of GTx-104 with oral nimodipine paving the way for pivotal safety trial and 505(b)2 pathway STRIVE-ON Phase 3 pivotal safety trial data suggest significant advantages vs oral nimodipine Primary endpoint of the
study was successfully met GTx-104 was observed to have a favorable safety profile and was generally well-tolerated 54% of patients on GTx-104 had RDI of 95% or higher vs only 8% on oral GTx-104 had ~29% more patients with good recovery
relative to the oral group Pharmacoeconomics favor GTx-104, including fewer ICU days, readmissions, and resource utilization Commercial preparation is underway with NDA submission expected in 1H 2025 

30 GTx-102 Program Overview & Regulatory Update GTx-102 Novel oral spray
formulation of betamethasone intended to improve neurological symptoms of A-T patients Proof of concept supported by well-controlled Phase 1 trial with A-T patients PK bridging study topline results announced on 12/18/22 met all outcome
measures Sources: Fletcher Spaght market research; National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD); Lefton-Greif (2000); U.S. National Cancer Institute, A-T (2015). Unmet Need (No drugs approved) Treatment primarily directed toward control
of symptoms Limited to speech, occupational and physical therapy Less than 20% of patients on any type of drug therapy for A-T symptoms Ataxia-Telangiectasia Complex genetic neurodegenerative disorder diagnosed during infancy Inherited as
an autosomal recessive trait, often affects more than one child in a family Average lifespan ~25 years Potential addressable market ~$150 million Regulatory FDAs written responses to EoP1 meeting request provide recommendations on design
of a single pivotal efficacy/safety trial that could support NDA Guidance includes primary endpoint scale and appropriate confirmatory evidence Plan to collaborate with SAB and FDA on potential final trial design, and determine program next
steps 

Appendix 

GTx-104 Patent Landscape: IV formulation 32 *Granted patent applications in
Europe (validation completed in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, United Kingdom, Greece, Croatia, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Romania, Sweden,
Slovenia, Slovakia, Turkey, Poland and Portugal), Australia, Canada, India & Japan Pending patent applications in China, Europe (divisional), & Hong Kong Title Stable nimodipine parental formulation Expiry date 2037 Publication
# or Patent # Territories Status Claims 10,092,553* US Granted Claims directed towards a nimodipine injection concentrate formulation 10,092,557 Granted Claims directed towards a nimodipine injection concentrate formulation, a
method of treatment and a directly infusible nimodipine formulation suitable for parental administration 10,765,671 Granted 10,799,486 Granted Claims directed towards a nimodipine injection concentration and a nimodipine injection
formulation 11,433,062 Granted Claims directed towards a nimodipine injection concentrate formulation and a directly infusible nimodipine formulation 20230364068 (Exp year 2042) US Pending Claims directed towards method of use 

GTx-104 Phase 1: Results Established pharmacokinetic bridge with oral
nimodipine Mean Plasma Nimodipine Concentration GTx-104 (IV) Nimodipine Capsules 90% Confidence Limits (%) PK Parameters Geometric Mean Geometric Mean Lower Upper C max Day_1 0-4 hr (ng/mL) 63.1 68.6 81.7 103.6 AUC Day_3 0-24hr
(ng.h/mL) 491.6 462.6 99.3 114.0 F (%) fraction of drug 100% 7.2% - - GTx-104 is 100% bioavailable vs. 7.20% for oral GTx-104 equivalent at ~1/12th oral dose (27.6 mg/day of IV vs. 360 mg/day of oral) 33 Source: GTx-104-002
CSR; results announced May 2022. 

GTx-104 Phase 1: Results Observed improved or comparable hypotension and safety
profile 19 25 39 39 GTx-101 IV Nimodipine Capsules Hypotension 1 SBP <90 mmHg or DBP <60 mmHg Hypotension 2 SBP <90 mmHg or DBP <60 mmHg or decrease in SBP or DBP >10 mm Hg compared with baseline 34 Source:
GTx-104-002 CSR; results announced May 2022 # of subjects 

Prashant KohliChief Executive Officer Thank You Grace Therapeutics
Contact: Investor Contact: Mike MoyerLifeSci Advisors
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Grace Therapeutics Announces Private Placement Financing of up to $30 Million

Financing led by Nantahala Capital and ADAR1 Partners, LP with participation from new and existing healthcare-focused
institutional investors

$15 million in upfront gross proceeds with the potential to receive up to an additional $15 million in potential warrant exercise
proceeds for an aggregate of up to approximately $30 million in potential total gross proceeds

Princeton, NJ, February 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: GRCE), formerly Acasti Pharma Inc. (Grace Therapeutics or the
Company), a late-stage, biopharma company advancing GTx-104, a clinical-stage, novel, injectable formulation of nimodipine being developed for IV infusion to address significant unmet medical needs in aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH)
patients, today announced that it has entered into securities purchase agreements with new and existing healthcare focused institutional investors to raise up to approximately $30.0 million in potential total gross proceeds, consisting of initial
upfront funding of approximately $15.0 million and the potential to receive up to an additional approximately $15.0 million upon cash exercise of accompanying warrants at the election of the
investors.

The financing is being led by Nantahala Capital and ADAR1 Partners, LP, and includes participation from new and existing healthcare-focused
institutional investors, including Stonepine Capital Management, among others.

TD Cowen is acting as the placement agent for the private placement. Craig-Hallum is acting as a financial advisor to the Company.

Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreements, Grace
Therapeutics will issue an aggregate of 4,418,292 shares of its common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) and accompanying common warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 4,418,292 shares of its common stock (or a pre-funded warrant
in lieu thereof) at a combined purchase price of $3.395 per share and accompanying warrants, in accordance with Nasdaq rules. The aggregate
gross proceeds from the closing of the financing are expected to be approximately $15.0 million.The financing is
expected to close on February 11, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Each common warrant will be exercisable for one share of common stock (or pre-funded
warrants in lieu thereof) at an exercise price of $3.395 per share, will be immediately exercisable, and will expire on 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the earlier of (i) the 60th day after the date the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the New Drug Application for GTx-104 and (ii) September 25, 2028.
The common warrants are being offered and sold at a purchase price of $0.125 per common warrant, which purchase price is included in the offering price per share and pre-funded warrant to be issued in the financing. If all common warrants to be
issued are exercised in full for cash, the Company will receive aggregate proceeds of approximately $15.0 million.

Grace Therapeutics intends to use the upfront net proceeds from the private placement for general corporate purposes and to fund pre-commercial
development of GTx-104, a clinical stage, novel, injectable formulation of nimodipine being developed for IV infusion in aSAH patients to address significant unmet medical needs.

The offer and sale of the foregoing securities are being made in a transaction not involving a public offering, and the securities have not been
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not be reoffered or resold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. The Company has agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission registering
the resale of the shares of common stock purchased in the private placement and shares of common stock underlying the warrants.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the
securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state. Any offering of the securities under the resale registration statement will only
be made by means of a prospectus.

About aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH)

aSAH is bleeding over the surface of the brain in the subarachnoid space between the brain and the skull, which contains blood vessels that supply the
brain. A primary cause of such bleeding is the rupture of an aneurysm in the brain. The result is a relatively uncommon type of stroke (aSAH) that accounts for about 5% of all strokes and an estimated 42,500 U.S. hospital treated patients.

About GTx-104

GTx-104 is a clinical stage, novel, injectable formulation of nimodipine being developed for IV infusion in aSAH patients to address significant unmet
medical needs. The unique nanoparticle technology of GTx-104 facilitates aqueous formulation of insoluble nimodipine for a standard peripheral IV infusion.

GTx-104 provides a convenient IV delivery of nimodipine in the Intensive Care Unit potentially eliminating the need for nasogastric tube administration
in unconscious or dysphagic patients. Intravenous delivery of GTx-104 also has the potential to lower food effects, drug-to-drug interactions, and eliminate potential dosing errors. Further, GTx-104 has the potential to better manage hypotension in
aSAH patients. GTx-104 has been administered in over 150 healthy volunteers and was well tolerated with significantly lower inter- and intra-subject pharmacokinetic variability compared to oral nimodipine.

About Grace Therapeutics

Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (Grace Therapeutics or the Company) (formerly Acasti Pharma
Inc.) is a late-stage biopharma company with drug candidates addressing rare and orphan diseases. Grace Therapeutics novel drug delivery technologies have the potential to improve the performance of currently marketed drugs by achieving faster
onset of action, enhanced efficacy, reduced side effects, and more convenient drug delivery. Grace Therapeutics lead clinical assets have each been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA, which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity
post-launch in the United States, and additional intellectual property protection with over 40 granted and pending patents. Grace Therapeutics lead clinical asset, GTx-104, is an intravenous infusion targeting aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
(aSAH), a rare and life-threatening medical emergency in which bleeding occurs over the surface of the brain in the subarachnoid space between the brain and skull.In February 2025, Grace Therapeutics announced that its Phase 3 STRIVE-ON safety trial for GTx-104 met its primary endpoint and provided evidence of clinical benefit over
orally administered nimodipine.

For more information, please visit: www.gracetx.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release that are not statements of historical or current fact
constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and "forward-looking information" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws (collectively, "forward-looking statements"). Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could
cause the actual results of Grace Therapeutics to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks
and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements containing the terms "believes," "belief," "expects," "intends," "anticipates," "estimates", "potential," "should," "may," "will," "plans," "continue", "targeted" or other similar
expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The forward-looking statements in this press release,
including statements regarding,the financing, the total investment amount raised in
connection with the financing, the timing of the closing of the financing, the potential exercise of the warrants and gross proceeds generated by any warrant exercises, the future prospects of the Companys GTx-104 drug candidate, the timing of
the Companys anticipated NDA submission for GTx-104, GTx-104s potential to bring enhanced treatment options to patients suffering from aSAH, GTx-104s potential to be administered to improve the management of hypotension in patients with aSAH,
the ability of GTx-104 to achieve a pharmacokinetic and safety profile similar to the oral form of nimodipine, GTx-104s potential to achieve pharmacoeconomic benefit over the oral form of nimodipine, GTx-104s commercial prospects, and the size
of the addressable market for GTx-104, are based upon Grace Therapeutics current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from
those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: (i) the Company may never receive proceeds from the exercise of the warrants, (ii) the financing may not close due
to counterparty risk or otherwise, (iii) the success and timing of regulatory submissions of the Phase 3 STRIVE-ON safety trial for GTx-104; (iv) regulatory requirements or developments and the outcome and timing of the proposed NDA application
for GTx-104; (v) changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways; (vi) legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments; and (vii) actual costs associated with Grace Therapeutics' clinical trials as compared to management's
current expectations. The foregoing list of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with statements that are included herein and
elsewhere, including the risk factors detailed in the "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" sections of the Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 and other documents that
have been and will be filed by Grace Therapeutics from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which
they were made. Grace Therapeutics undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by applicable securities laws.

For more information, please contact:

Grace Therapeutics Contact:

Prashant Kohli

Chief Executive Officer

Tel: 450-686-4555

Email: info@gracetx.com

www.gracetx.com

Investor Relations:

LifeSci Advisors

Mike Moyer

Managing Director

Phone: 617-308-4306

Email: mmoyer@lifesciadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>grce-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>grce-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>grce-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide3.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide4.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide5.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide6.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide7.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide8.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide9.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide10.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide11.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide12.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide13.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide14.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide15.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide16.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide17.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide18.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide19.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide20.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide21.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide22.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide23.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide24.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide25.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide26.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide27.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide28.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide29.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide30.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide31.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide32.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide33.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide34.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ef20043150_ex99-2slide35.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>image00001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35776

Entity Registrant Name GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001444192

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1359336

Entity Address, Address Line One 103 Carnegie Center

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Princeton

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08540

City Area Code 609

Local Phone Number 322-1602

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol GRCE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://acasti.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20043150_8k.htm 
grce-20250210.xsd 
grce-20250210_lab.xml 
grce-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-003645-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>ef20043150_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001444192 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

false 
0001444192 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-35776 
98-1359336 
103 Carnegie Center 
Suite 300 
Princeton 
NJ 
08540 
609 
322-1602 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
GRCE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>