<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-002249.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-002249.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325170512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-002249
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AirJoule Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855474
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COND & WARM AIR HEATING EQUIP & COMM & INDL REFRIG EQUIP [3585]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41151
		FILM NUMBER:		25769211

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34361 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			RONAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59864
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-942-3083

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34361 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			RONAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59864

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Montana Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AirJoule Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Montana Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea023564501-8k_air.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185547400018554742025-03-252025-03-250001855474AIRJ:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-252025-03-250001855474AIRJ:WarrantsToPurchaseClassCommonStockMember2025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 25, 2025

AirJoule Technologies Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41151 86-2962208

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

34361 Innovation Drive

Ronan, Montana 59864

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(800)942-3083

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share AIRJ Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock AIRJW Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 25, 2025, AirJoule
Technologies Corporation (the Company) entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
and a related Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), each dated as of March 25, 2025,
with B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (the Investor). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will have
the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor up to an aggregate of $30,000,000 of newly issued shares of the Companys
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), subject to certain conditions and limitations
contained in the Purchase Agreement, from time to time during the term of the Purchase Agreement. The Company is under no obligation to
sell any securities to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement.

Market Open Purchases.
Beginning on the date (the Commencement Date) that all of the applicable conditions under the Purchase Agreement
are first satisfied (the initial satisfaction of such conditions, the Commencement), including the effectiveness
of a resale shelf registration statement covering the Investors resale of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
and ending on the date that is thirty-six (36) months following the Commencement Date (the Term), the Company will
have the right, in its sole discretion, to cause the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock from time to time (each, a Market
Open Purchase) by timely delivering written notice (the Market Open Purchase Notice) to the Investor
prior to trading hours on any trading day (the Purchase Date) on The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq),
provided that (i) the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the preceding trading day is greater than $1.00 (the Threshold
Price) and (ii) the Company has provided to the Investor all shares of Common Stock subject to Investor Purchases (as defined
below) previously effected by the Company under the Purchase Agreement.

In connection with Market Open Purchases, the Investor will purchase
shares of Common Stock from the Company at a fixed 3.0% discount to the volume weighted average price of a share of Common Stock (VWAP)
for the period (the Market Open Purchase Valuation Period) beginning at the market open on Nasdaq on such Purchase
Date and ending at the earliest of (i) the official close of trading on such day, (ii) such time that the specified trading volume threshold
is reached and, (iii) to the extent specified by the Company in the applicable Market Open Purchase Notice, such time that the Common
Stock trades at a price below the applicable minimum price threshold as determined in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

Intraday Purchases.
During the Term, in addition to the right to effect Market Open Purchases, whether or not the Company effected a Market Open Purchase
on such Purchase Date, the Company will have the right, in its sole discretion, to cause the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock
(each, an Intraday Purchase), by timely delivering written notice (the Intraday Purchase Notice)
to the Investor at any time between 10:00 a.m. and 3:30 p.m., New York City time, provided that (i) the closing price of a share of Common
Stock on the preceding trading day is greater than the Threshold Price, (ii) the Company has provided to the Investor all shares of Common
Stock subject to Investor Purchases previously effected by the Company under the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) any Market Open Purchase
Valuation Period or Intraday Purchase Valuation Period (as defined below), as applicable for any Market Open Purchase or Intraday Purchase
effected on the same Purchase Date, shall have expired prior to the delivery of such Intraday Purchase Notice.

In connection with Intraday Purchases, the Investor will purchase shares
of Common Stock from the Company at a fixed 3.0% discount to the VWAP of a share of Common Stock for the period (the Intraday
Purchase Valuation Period) beginning at the latest of (a) the ending time of any Market Open Purchase Valuation Period or Intraday
Purchase Valuation Period (as defined below), as applicable for any Market Open Purchase or Intraday Purchase effected on the same Purchase
Date and (b) the acknowledgement by the Investor to the Company of its receipt of the Intraday Purchase Notice and ending at the earliest
of (i) the official close of trading on such day, (ii) such time that the specified trading volume threshold is reached and, (iii) to
the extent specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday Purchase Notice, such time that the Common Stock trades at a price below
the applicable minimum price threshold as determined in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

Fixed Purchases.
During the Term, in lieu of effecting a Market Open Purchase or Intraday Purchase on any Purchase Date, the Company will have the right,
in its sole discretion, to cause the Investor to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock (each, a Fixed Purchase
and, together with a Market Open Purchase and an Intraday Purchase, each, an Investor Purchase and, collectively,
Investor Purchases) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $50,000, by (y) the closing sale price of the
Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the applicable Purchase Date. The Company may effect a Fixed Purchase by timely
delivering written notice to the Investor prior to trading hours on the Nasdaq on such Purchase Date, provided that (i) the closing price
of a share of Common Stock on the preceding trading day is greater than the Threshold Price and (ii) the Company has provided to the
Investor all shares of Common Stock subject to Investor Purchases previously effected by the Company under the Purchase Agreement.

1

In connection with Fixed
Purchases, the Investor will purchase shares of Common Stock from the Company at a fixed 5.0% discount to the VWAP of a share of Common
Stock for the period (the Fixed Purchase Valuation Period and, together with the Market Open Purchase Valuation Period
and the Intraday Purchase Valuation Period, each, a Valuation Period) beginning at the market open on Nasdaq on such
Purchase Date and ending at the official close of trading on such day.

Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, there is no cap on the purchase price paid to the Company by the Investor pursuant to any Investor Purchase, but such purchase
price will be subject to equitable adjustment in the event of the Company completing any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend,
stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction during the applicable Valuation Period.

The timing and volume of
sales of Common Stock to the Investor by the Company during the Term will be subject to the Companys sole discretion. Actual sales
of shares of Common Stock to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company
from time to time, including, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations by the Company
as to the appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations.

Under applicable Nasdaq
rules, the Company may not issue shares representing 20.0% or more of the total Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the execution of the Purchase Agreement (the Exchange Cap) without first obtaining Company stockholder approval
in respect of such issuance, unless the average price per share paid for all of the shares of Common Stock so issued is greater than or
equal to the lower of (a) the official closing price of the Common Stock on Nasdaq immediately preceding the execution of the Purchase
Agreement and (b) the average official closing price of the Common Stock on Nasdaq for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding
the execution of the Purchase Agreement, adjusted as required by Nasdaq to take into account the payment of the Cash Commitment Fee (as
defined below).

Accordingly, the Company may issue up to 11,261,790 shares of Common
Stock to the Investor pursuant the Purchase Agreement without first obtaining stockholder approval, unless at a price per share equal
to or greater than $7.21. Moreover, the Company may not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement
which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Investor and its affiliates (as calculated
pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-3 thereunder), would result in the Investor
beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

The net proceeds from sales
of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement, if any, will depend on the frequency and prices at which
the Company sells shares of Common Stock to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement. To the extent the Company elects to sell shares
of Common Stock to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement from and after the Commencement Date, the Company currently plans to use
any net proceeds therefrom for working capital and general corporate purposes.

There are no restrictions
on future financings, rights of first refusal, participation rights, penalties or liquidated damages in the Purchase Agreement or Registration
Rights Agreement, other than a prohibition (with certain limited exceptions) on the Company entering into certain specified Variable
Rate Transactions (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) during the term of the Purchase Agreement. Such transactions
include, among others, the issuance by the Company of securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common
Stock, at variable or future determined conversion, exercise or exchange prices based on the market prices of the Common Stock at the
time of conversion, exercise or exchange thereof, or otherwise at such times or during such periods after the date such convertible, exercisable
or exchangeable securities were issued by the Company, or the Company effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect an equity line of credit, at the market offering or other substantially similar continuous
offering with a third party (other than with the Investor or one of its affiliates), in which
the Company may offer, issue or sell Common Stock or any securities exercisable, exchangeable or convertible into Common Stock at a future
determined price.

2

During the Term, the Investor
has agreed that none of the Investor, any of its officers, nor any entity managed or controlled by the Investor, will engage in or effect,
directly or indirectly, for the Investors own principal account or for the principal account of any such entity managed or controlled
by the Investor, any short sales of the Common Stock or hedging transaction that establishes a net short position in the Common Stock.

In accordance with the terms
of the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Investor entered into the Registration Rights Agreement to provide the Investor with certain
registration rights in respect of the shares of Common Stock that it purchases under the Purchase Agreement.

The Purchase Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in such agreements were made only for the purposes of such agreements, were solely
for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

The Purchase Agreement will
automatically terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the Commencement
Date, (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased from the Company under the Purchase Agreement shares of Common Stock for
an aggregate gross purchase price of $30,000,000, (iii) the date on which the Common Stock shall have failed to be listed or quoted on
Nasdaq or another U.S. national securities exchange identified as an eligible market in the Purchase Agreement for a period
of one trading day, (iv) the 30th trading day after the date on which a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding involving the Company
has been commenced that is not discharged or dismissed prior to such 30th trading day, and (v) the date on which a bankruptcy
custodian is appointed for all or substantially all of the Companys property or the Company makes a general assignment for the
benefit of its creditors. The Company has the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement at any time after Commencement, at no cost or
penalty to the Company, upon ten trading days prior written notice to the Investor. The Company and the Investor may also agree
to terminate the Purchase Agreement by mutual written consent, provided that no termination of the Purchase Agreement will be effective
during the pendency of any Investor Purchase that has not then fully settled in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. Neither the Company
nor the Investor may assign or transfer any of their respective rights or obligations under the Purchase Agreement or the Registration
Rights Agreement. No provision of the Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement may be modified or waived by the Company
or the Investor from and after the date that is one trading day immediately preceding the initial filing date of the initial resale registration
statement that the Company is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Registration Rights Agreement is first filed with the SEC.

As consideration for the
Investors commitment to purchase shares of Common Stock at the Companys direction upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Investor a cash commitment fee in the amount of up to $450,000 (the
Cash Commitment Fee), which represents 1.5% of the Investors $30,000,000 total aggregate purchase commitment
under the Purchase Agreement. The Cash Commitment Fee will be paid by withholding cash amounts equal to 10% of the total aggregate purchase
price payable by the Investor to the Company in connection with each Market Open Purchase, Intraday Purchase or Fixed Purchase effected
under the Purchase Agreement, until such time as the Investor shall have received from such cash withholding(s) a total aggregate amount
in cash equal to $450,000.

In addition, the Company
has agreed to reimburse the Investor for the reasonable and documented legal fees and disbursements of the Investors legal counsel
in an amount not to exceed (i) $100,000 upon execution of the Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) $7,500 per
fiscal quarter, in each case in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.
The Company has also agreed to reimburse the Investor $25,000 for a portion of the fees and expenses of Seaport Global Securities LLC
(Seaport), the qualified independent underwriter in this offering, which are payable by the Investor to Seaport.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such
agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and each of which is incorporated herein in its
entirety by reference. 

3

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02 in its entirety. The securities that have been or may be issued under the Purchase
Agreement are being offered and sold by the Company in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(Securities Act), in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The Investor represented to the Company in the Purchase Agreement
that it is an accredited investor, as defined in Regulation D, and is acquiring the securities under the Purchase Agreement
for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public distribution thereof
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws. Accordingly, the offer and sale
by the Company of the securities that have been or may be issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement is not being registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws and, therefore, such securities may not be
offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws.

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company, nor shall there be any sale
of any securities of the Company in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

10.1 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, by and between AirJoule Technologies Corporation and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, by and between the AirJoule Technologies Corporation and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

AIRJOULE Technologies Corporation

Date: March 25, 2025 By: /s/ Stephen S. Pang 

Name: Stephen S. Pang

Title: Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023564501ex10-1_air.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 25, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND B. RILEY PRINCIPAL CAPITAL II, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated as of March 25, 2025

by and between

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

and

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL CAPITAL II, LLC

Table
of Contents

Page

Article I DEFINITIONS 1

Article II PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK 2

Section 2.1. Purchase and Sale of Stock 2

Section 2.2. Closing Date; Settlement Dates 2

Section 2.3. Initial Public Announcements and Required Filings 2

Article III PURCHASE TERMS 3

Section 3.1. VWAP Purchases 3

Section 3.2. Intraday VWAP Purchases 3

Section 3.3. Fixed VWAP Purchases 4

Section 3.4. Settlement 5

Section 3.5. Compliance with Rules of Trading Market. 6

Section 3.6. Beneficial Ownership Limitation 7

Article IV REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE INVESTOR 7

Section 4.1. Organization and Standing of the Investor 7

Section 4.2. Authorization and Power 7

Section 4.3. No Conflicts 8

Section 4.4. Investment Purpose 8

Section 4.5. Accredited Investor Status 8

Section 4.6. Reliance on Exemptions 8

Section 4.7. Information 9

Section 4.8. No Governmental Review 9

Section 4.9. No General Solicitation 9

Section 4.10. Not an Affiliate 9

Section 4.11. No Prior Short Sales 10

Section 4.12. Statutory Underwriter Status 10

Section 4.13. Resales of Shares 10

Article V REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 10

Section 5.1. Organization, Good Standing and Power 10

Section 5.2. Authorization, Enforcement 10

Section 5.3. Capitalization 11

Section 5.4. Payment of Commitment Fee; Issuance of Shares 11

Section 5.5. No Conflicts 12

Section 5.6. Commission Documents, Financial Statements; Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting; Accountants 13

Section 5.7. Subsidiaries 15

Section 5.8. No Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change 15

Section 5.9. No Undisclosed Liabilities 16

Section 5.10. No Material Defaults on Indebtedness 16

Section 5.11. Solvency 16

i

Section 5.12. Title to Real and Personal Property 16

Section 5.13. Litigation 16

Section 5.14. Compliance With Laws 17

Section 5.15. Certain Fees 17

Section 5.16. Disclosure 17

Section 5.17. Material Permits 18

Section 5.18. Environmental Matters 18

Section 5.19. Intellectual Property Rights 18

Section 5.20. Material Contracts 18

Section 5.21. Transactions With Affiliates 19

Section 5.22. Labor Relations 19

Section 5.23. Use of Proceeds 19

Section 5.24. Investment Company Act Status 19

Section 5.25. Tax Matters 19

Section 5.26. Insurance 20

Section 5.27. Exemption from Registration 20

Section 5.28. No General Solicitation or Advertising 20

Section 5.29. No Integrated Offering 20

Section 5.30. Dilutive Effect 20

Section 5.31. Manipulation of Price 21

Section 5.32. Securities Act 21

Section 5.33. Listing and Maintenance Requirements; DTC Eligibility 21

Section 5.34. Application of Takeover Protections 21

Section 5.35. Foreign Corrupt Practices 22

Section 5.36. Office of Foreign Assets Control 22

Section 5.37. Money Laundering 22

Section 5.38. ERISA 23

Section 5.39. IT Systems 23

Section 5.40. Data Privacy and Security 23

Section 5.41. U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation 24

Section 5.42. Margin Rules 24

Section 5.43. Emerging Growth Company Status 24

Section 5.44. Smaller Reporting Company Status 24

Section 5.45. [Reserved] 24

Section 5.46. Market Capitalization 24

Section 5.47. Broker/Dealer Relationships; FINRA Information 24

Section 5.48. Acknowledgement Regarding Relationship with Investor and BRS 25

Section 5.49. Acknowledgement Regarding Investors Affiliate Relationships 25

Article VI ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 26

Section 6.1. Securities Compliance 26

Section 6.2. Reservation of Common Stock 26

Section 6.3. Registration and Listing 27

Section 6.4. Compliance with Laws. 27

Section 6.5. Keeping of Records and Books of Account; Due Diligence. 28

Section 6.6. No Frustration; No Variable Rate Transactions. 28

Section 6.7. Corporate Existence 29

ii

Section 6.8. Fundamental Transaction 29

Section 6.9. Selling Restrictions. 29

Section 6.10. Effective Registration Statement 30

Section 6.11. Blue Sky 30

Section 6.12. Non-Public Information 30

Section 6.13. Broker-Dealer 31

Section 6.14. FINRA Filing 31

Section 6.15. QIU 32

Section 6.16. Disclosure Schedule. 32

Section 6.17. Delivery of Compliance Certificates, Bring-Down Negative Assurance Letters and Bring-Down Comfort Letters Upon Occurrence of Certain Events 33

Article VII CONDITIONS TO CLOSING, COMMENCEMENT AND PURCHASES 34

Section 7.1. Conditions Precedent to Closing 34

Section 7.2. Conditions Precedent to Commencement 35

Section 7.3. Conditions Precedent to Purchases after Commencement Date 38

Article VIII TERMINATION 43

Section 8.1. Automatic Termination 43

Section 8.2. Other Termination 43

Section 8.3. Effect of Termination 44

Article IX INDEMNIFICATION 44

Section 9.1. Indemnification of Investor 44

Section 9.2. Indemnification Procedures 45

Article X MISCELLANEOUS 46

Section 10.1. Certain Fees and Expenses; Commitment Fee; Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions. 46

Section 10.2. Specific Enforcement, Consent to Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial. 47

Section 10.3. Entire Agreement 48

Section 10.4. Notices 49

Section 10.5. Waivers 50

Section 10.6. Amendments 50

Section 10.7. Headings 50

Section 10.8. Construction 50

Section 10.9. Binding Effect 50

Section 10.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries 51

Section 10.11. Governing Law 51

Section 10.12. Survival 51

Section 10.13. Counterparts 51

Section 10.14. Publicity 51

Section 10.15. Severability 51

Section 10.16. Further Assurances 51

Annex I. Definitions 

iii

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of March 25, 2025 (this Agreement), by and between B. Riley Principal
Capital II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor), and AirJoule Technologies Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (the Company).

RECiTALS

WHEREAS, the parties
desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Company may issue and sell to the Investor,
from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to the lesser of (i) $30,000,000 in aggregate
gross purchase price of newly issued shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), and (ii) the Exchange Cap (to the extent applicable under Section 3.5);

WHEREAS, such sales
of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor will be made in reliance upon the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (Section
4(a)(2)) and upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with
respect to any or all of the sales of Common Stock to the Investor to be made hereunder;

WHEREAS, the parties
hereto are concurrently entering into a Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Registration
Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company shall register under the Securities Act the resale of the Registrable
Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) by the Investor, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein;

WHEREAS, in consideration
for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to the Investor the Commitment
Fee, pursuant to, at such time(s) and in such manner as set forth in Section 10.1(ii) of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Company
acknowledges that the Investor is an Affiliate of the B. Riley group of entities, and its Affiliate, B. Riley Securities, Inc. (BRS),
is acting as the Investors representative in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

Capitalized terms used in
this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Annex I hereto, and hereby made a part hereof, or as otherwise
set forth in this Agreement.

1

ARTICLE II 

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON
STOCK

Section 2.1. Purchase
and Sale of Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Investment Period, the
Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor
shall, subject to the terms of this Agreement, be obligated to purchase from the Company, up to the lesser of (i) $30,000,000 (the
Total Commitment) in aggregate gross purchase price of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Exchange Cap, to the extent applicable under Section 3.5 (such lesser amount of
shares of Common Stock, the Aggregate Limit), by the delivery to the Investor of VWAP Purchase Notices,
Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices and/or Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices as provided in Article III.

Section 2.2. Closing
Date; Settlement Dates. This Agreement shall become effective and binding (the Closing) upon (a)
the delivery of counterpart signature pages of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement executed by each of the parties
hereto and thereto, and (b) the delivery of all other documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered at the Closing,
in each case as provided in Section 7.1(iv), to the offices of Reed Smith LLP, at 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10022, at 3:30
p.m., New York City time, on the Closing Date. In consideration of and in express reliance upon the representations, warranties and
covenants contained in, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of, this Agreement, during the Investment Period, the
Company, at its sole option and discretion, may issue and sell to the Investor, and, if the Company elects to so issue and sell, the
Investor shall purchase from the Company, the Shares in respect of each VWAP Purchase, each Intraday VWAP Purchase and each Fixed
VWAP Purchase (as applicable). The delivery of Shares in respect of each VWAP Purchase, each Intraday VWAP Purchase and each Fixed
VWAP Purchase, and the payment for such Shares, shall occur in accordance with Section 3.4.

Section 2.3. Initial
Public Announcements and Required Filings. The Company shall, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Trading
Day immediately after the date of this Agreement, file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the execution
of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement by the Company and the Investor and describing the material terms thereof,
including, without limitation, the Companys obligation to pay the Commitment Fee to the Investor, pursuant to, at such
time(s) and in such manner as set forth in Section 10.1(ii) of this Agreement, and attaching as exhibits thereto copies of each of
this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and, if applicable, any press release issued by the Company disclosing the
execution of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement by the Company (including all exhibits thereto, the
Current Report). The Company shall provide the Investor a reasonable opportunity to comment on a draft
of the Current Report prior to filing the Current Report with the Commission and shall give due consideration to all such comments.
From and after the filing of the Current Report with the Commission, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material,
nonpublic information delivered to the Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents) by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as described in this Section 2.3, the
Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents (including the existence and terms of the transactions contemplated thereby), except that the Investor may
disclose the terms of such transactions to its financial, accounting, legal and other advisors (provided that the Investor directs
such Persons to maintain the confidentiality of such information). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline, file with the Commission the Initial
Registration Statement and any New Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities in
accordance with the Securities Act and the Registration Rights Agreement. At or before 8:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading
Day immediately following the Effective Date of the Initial Registration Statement and any New Registration Statement (or any
post-effective amendment thereto), the Company shall file with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with resales of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to such
Registration Statement (or post-effective amendment thereto).

2

Article
III

PURCHASE TERMS

Subject to the satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Article VII, the parties agree as follows:

Section 3.1. VWAP
Purchases. Upon the initial satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 (the
Commencement and the date of initial satisfaction of all of such conditions, the
Commencement Date) and from time to time thereafter, subject to the satisfaction of all of the
conditions set forth in Section 7.3, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its timely
delivery to the Investor of a VWAP Purchase Notice for a VWAP Purchase (each, a VWAP Purchase),
specifying in such VWAP Purchase Notice (a) the VWAP Purchase Percentage for such VWAP Purchase and (b) whether a Limit Order
Continue Election or a Limit Order Discontinue Election shall apply to such VWAP Purchase, on the applicable Purchase Date therefor,
to purchase a specified VWAP Purchase Share Amount, which shall not exceed the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, at the
applicable VWAP Purchase Price therefor on such Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement. The Company may timely deliver to
the Investor a VWAP Purchase Notice for a VWAP Purchase on any Trading Day selected by the Company as the Purchase Date for such
VWAP Purchase, so long as (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such Purchase Date
is not less than the Threshold Price, and (ii) all Shares subject to all prior VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and Fixed
VWAP Purchases (as applicable) pursuant to this Agreement have been received by the Investor as DWAC Shares prior to the
Companys delivery to the Investor of such VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase on such Purchase Date. The Company may
not deliver to the Investor a VWAP Purchase Notice for a VWAP Purchase on any Trading Day on which the Company has timely delivered
to the Investor a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase in accordance with Section 3.3. The Investor is obligated to
accept each VWAP Purchase Notice prepared and delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of and subject to the
satisfaction of the conditions contained in this Agreement. If the Company delivers any VWAP Purchase Notice directing the Investor
to purchase a VWAP Purchase Share Amount in excess of the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount that the Company is then permitted
to include in such VWAP Purchase Notice (taking into account the VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the applicable
VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase), such VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount
by which the VWAP Purchase Share Amount set forth in such VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds such applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount,
and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase, and shall not purchase, such excess Shares pursuant to such VWAP Purchase
Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum
Amount pursuant to such VWAP Purchase. At or prior to 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the Purchase Date for each VWAP Purchase,
the Investor shall provide to the Company, by email correspondence to each of the individual notice recipients of the Company set
forth in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, a written confirmation for such VWAP Purchase, setting forth the applicable VWAP
Purchase Price per Share to be paid by the Investor for the Shares purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, and the total
aggregate VWAP Purchase Price to be paid by the Investor for the total VWAP Purchase Share Amount purchased by the Investor in such
VWAP Purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not deliver any VWAP Purchase Notices to the Investor during the PEA
Period, any Allowable Grace Period or any MPA Period.

Section 3.2. Intraday
VWAP Purchases. Upon the initial satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 on the Commencement Date and
from time to time thereafter, subject to the satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Section 7.3, in addition to VWAP
Purchases as described in Section 3.1, the Company shall also have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its
timely delivery to the Investor of an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for an Intraday VWAP Purchase (each, an Intraday
VWAP Purchase), specifying in such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice (a) the Intraday VWAP Purchase Percentage for such
Intraday VWAP Purchase and (b) whether a Limit Order Continue Election or a Limit Order Discontinue Election shall apply to such
Intraday VWAP Purchase, on the applicable Purchase Date therefor, to purchase a specified Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount, which
shall not exceed the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, at the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Price therefor on
such Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement. The Company may timely deliver to the Investor an Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notice for an Intraday VWAP Purchase on any Trading Day selected by the Company as the Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP
Purchase, so long as (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such Purchase Date is
not less than the Threshold Price, and (ii) all Shares subject to all prior VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and Fixed VWAP
Purchases (as applicable) have been received by the Investor as DWAC Shares prior to the Companys delivery to the Investor of
such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase on such Purchase Date. The Company may not deliver to the
Investor an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for an Intraday VWAP Purchase on any Trading Day on which the Company has timely delivered
to the Investor a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase in accordance with Section 3.3. The Investor is obligated to
accept each Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice prepared and delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of and subject to the
satisfaction of the conditions contained in this Agreement. If the Company delivers any Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice directing the
Investor to purchase an Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount in excess of the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount that
the Company is then permitted to include in such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice (taking into account the Intraday VWAP Purchase
Percentage specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase), such Intraday
VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount by which the Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount set
forth in such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds such applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, and the Investor shall
have no obligation to purchase, and shall not purchase, such excess Shares pursuant to such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice; provided, however,
that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount pursuant to such Intraday
VWAP Purchase. At or prior to 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the Purchase Date on which one or more Intraday VWAP Purchases shall
have occurred, the Investor shall provide to the Company, by email correspondence to each of the individual notice recipients of the
Company set forth in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice, a written confirmation for each such Intraday VWAP Purchase,
setting forth the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Price per Share to be paid by the Investor for the Shares purchased by the
Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase, and the total aggregate Intraday VWAP Purchase Price to be paid by the Investor for the
total Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount purchased by the Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not deliver any Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices to the Investor during the PEA Period, any Allowable Grace Period
or any MPA Period.

3

Section 3.3. Fixed
VWAP Purchases. Upon the initial satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in
Section 7.2 on the Commencement Date and from time to time thereafter, subject to the satisfaction of all of the conditions set
forth in Section 7.3, in addition to VWAP Purchases as described in Section 3.1 and Intraday VWAP Purchases as described in Section
3.2, the Company shall also have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its timely delivery to the Investor
of a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase (each, a Fixed VWAP Purchase),
on the applicable Purchase Date therefor, to purchase the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount at the applicable Fixed VWAP
Purchase Price therefor on such Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement. The Company may timely deliver to the Investor a
Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase on any Trading Day selected by the Company as the Purchase Date for such Fixed
VWAP Purchase, so long as (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such Purchase Date
is not less than the Threshold Price, and (ii) all Shares subject to all prior VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and Fixed
VWAP Purchases (as applicable) have been received by the Investor as DWAC Shares prior to the Companys delivery to the
Investor of such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for such Fixed VWAP Purchase on such Purchase Date. The Company may not deliver to the
Investor (A) more than one (1) Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase on any single Trading Day, (B) more than two
hundred (200) Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices for Fixed VWAP Purchases of an aggregate of $10,000,000 worth of Shares (the applicable
Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount of each such Fixed VWAP Purchase being calculated as set forth in this Agreement) in any one-year
period beginning on the Commencement Date and on each anniversary of the Commencement Date during the Investment Period or (C) a
Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase on any Trading Day on which the Company has timely delivered to the Investor a
VWAP Purchase Notice for a VWAP Purchase in accordance with Section 3.1 or an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for an Intraday VWAP
Purchase in accordance with Section 3.2. The Investor is obligated to accept each Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice prepared and delivered
by the Company in accordance with the terms of and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions contained in this Agreement. If the
Company delivers any Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice directing the Investor to purchase a number of Shares in excess of
the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount that the Company is then permitted to include in such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice
(calculated in accordance with this Agreement), such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount
by which the number of Shares set forth in such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds such applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount
(calculated in accordance with this Agreement), and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase, and shall not purchase, such
excess Shares pursuant to such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase
the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount pursuant to such Fixed VWAP Purchase. At or prior to 5:30 p.m., New York City time,
on the Purchase Date on which a Fixed VWAP Purchase shall have occurred, the Investor shall provide to the Company, by email
correspondence to each of the individual notice recipients of the Company set forth in the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice, a
written confirmation for such Fixed VWAP Purchase, setting forth the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Price per Share to be paid by
the Investor for the Shares purchased by the Investor in such Fixed VWAP Purchase, and the total Fixed VWAP Purchase Price to be
paid by the Investor for the Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount purchased by the Investor in such Fixed VWAP Purchase. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not deliver any Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices to the Investor during the PEA Period, any Allowable
Grace Period or any MPA Period.

4

Section 3.4. Settlement.
The Shares constituting the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Amount purchased by the Investor in each VWAP Purchase, the Shares
constituting the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount purchased by the Investor in each Intraday VWAP Purchase, and the
Shares constituting the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount purchased by the Investor in each Fixed VWAP Purchase (as
applicable), in each case shall be delivered to the Investor as DWAC Shares not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
Trading Day immediately following the Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase
(as applicable) (the Purchase Share Delivery Date). Subject to the cash amounts to be withheld by the
Investor as set forth in the immediately following sentence of this Section 3.4, for (a) each VWAP Purchase, the Investor shall pay
to the Company an amount in cash equal to the product of (1) the total number of Shares purchased by the Investor in such VWAP
Purchase and (2) the applicable VWAP Purchase Price for such Shares, as full payment for such Shares purchased by the Investor in
such VWAP Purchase, (b) each Intraday VWAP Purchase, the Investor shall pay to the Company an amount in cash equal to the product of
(1) the total number of Shares purchased by the Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase(s) and (2) the applicable Intraday VWAP
Purchase Price for such Shares, as full payment for such Shares purchased by the Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase(s), and (c)
each Fixed VWAP Purchase, the Investor shall pay to the Company an amount in cash equal to the product of (1) the total number of
Shares purchased by the Investor in such Fixed VWAP Purchase and (2) the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Price for such Shares, as
full payment for such Shares purchased by the Investor in such Fixed VWAP Purchase, in each case via wire transfer of immediately
available funds, not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day immediately following the applicable Purchase
Share Delivery Date for such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase(s) or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), provided the
Investor shall have timely received, as DWAC Shares, all of such Shares purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, such
Intraday VWAP Purchase(s) or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) on such Purchase Share Delivery Date in accordance with the
first sentence of this Section 3.4, or, if any of such Shares are received by the Investor after 1:00 p.m., New York City time, then
the Companys receipt of such funds in its designated account may occur on the Trading Day next following the Trading Day on
which the Investor shall have received all of such Shares as DWAC Shares, but not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such
next Trading Day. Pursuant to Section 10.1(ii), the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that the Investor shall withhold
(i) an amount in cash equal to ten percent (10%) from the total aggregate VWAP Purchase Price payable by the Investor to the Company
for the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Amount in connection with each VWAP Purchase effected by the Company pursuant to this
Agreement, (ii) an amount in cash equal to ten percent (10%) from the total aggregate Intraday VWAP Purchase Price payable by the
Investor to the Company for the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount in connection with each Intraday VWAP Purchase
effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, and (iii) an amount in cash equal to ten percent (10%) from the total aggregate
Fixed VWAP Purchase Price payable by the Investor to the Company for the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount in connection
with each Fixed VWAP Purchase effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, until the Investor shall have
received from such cash withholding(s) (when added together with any cash payments by the Company to the Investor that do not arise
from such withholdings that the Company directs the Investor to apply towards payment of the Commitment Fee, if any) a total
aggregate amount in cash up to $450,000, representing the entire Commitment Fee payable to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement,
and upon the Investors receipt of a total aggregate amount in cash up to $450,000 from such withholdings (and/or such other
cash payments from the Company to the Investor to be applied towards payment of the Commitment Fee, if any), the Investor shall not
withhold any additional cash amounts from the purchase prices payable by the Investor to the Company in connection with any VWAP
Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase effected pursuant to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all
portions of the Commitment Fee, when withheld by the Investor in accordance with this Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii) (and/or when
otherwise paid to the Investor in accordance with Section 10.1(ii), as the case may be), shall be fully earned by the Investor as of
the date of withholding or payment, as applicable, and shall be non-refundable. If the Company or its transfer agent shall fail for
any reason (other than a failure of the Investor or its Broker-Dealer (as defined herein) to set up a DWAC and required
instructions) to deliver to the Investor, as DWAC Shares, any Shares purchased by the Investor in a VWAP Purchase, an Intraday VWAP
Purchase or a Fixed VWAP Purchase prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day immediately following the applicable
Purchase Share Delivery Date for such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), and if
on or after such Trading Day the Investor purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Investor of such Shares that the Investor anticipated receiving from the Company on such Purchase
Share Delivery Date in respect of such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), then
the Company shall, within one (1) Trading Day after the Investors request, either (i) pay cash to the Investor in an amount
equal to the Investors total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so
purchased (the Cover Price), at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such Shares as
DWAC Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Investor such Shares as DWAC Shares and pay
cash to the Investor in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Cover Price over the total purchase price paid by the Investor
pursuant to this Agreement for all of the Shares purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or
such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable). The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock to the Investor in
connection with any VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase effected pursuant to this Agreement. If the
issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of
Common Stock up or down to the nearest whole share. All payments to be made by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement shall be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from time to time designate by written notice to
the Investor in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

5

Section 3.5. Compliance with Rules of
Trading Market.

(a)Exchange Cap. Subject to Section 3.5(b), the Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant
to this Agreement, and the Investor shall not purchase or acquire any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent
that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued pursuant to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby would exceed 11,261,790 shares of Common Stock (such number of shares equal to 19.99%
of the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement), which number
of shares shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction
or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under applicable rules of the Trading
Market (such maximum number of shares of Common Stock, the Exchange Cap), unless the Companys stockholders
have approved the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the applicable
rules of the Trading Market. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may, but shall be under no obligation to, request its stockholders
to approve the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement; provided, that if such stockholder approval is not obtained,
the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at all times during the
term of this Agreement (except as set forth in Section 3.5(b)).

(b) At-Market
Transaction. Notwithstanding Section 3.5(a) above, the Exchange Cap shall not be applicable for any purposes of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, solely to the extent that (and only for so long as) the Average Price shall
equal or exceed the Base Price (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at all other times during the term of this Agreement, unless the
stockholder approval referred to in Section 3.5(a) is obtained). The parties acknowledge and agree that the Minimum Price used to
determine the Base Price hereunder represents the lower of (i) the Nasdaq official closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of this Agreement and (ii) the average Nasdaq
official closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five (5) consecutive Trading
Days ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of this Agreement.

(c) General.
The Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if such issuance or sale would reasonably
be expected to result in (A) a violation of the Securities Act or (B) a breach of the rules of the Trading Market. The provisions of
this Section 3.5 shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 3.5 only if
necessary to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and the applicable rules of the Trading Market.

6

Section 3.6.Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall
not issue or sell, and the Investor shall not purchase or acquire, any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement which,
when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Investor and its Affiliates (as calculated pursuant
to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor of
more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). Upon
the written request of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but not later than the next business day on which the Companys
transfer agent is open for business) confirm orally or in writing to the Investor the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
The Investor and the Company shall each cooperate in good faith in the determinations required under this Section 3.6 and the application
of this Section 3.6. The Investors written certification to the Company of the applicability of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the resulting effect thereof hereunder at any time, shall be conclusive with respect to the applicability thereof and such result
absent manifest error. The provisions of this Section 3.6 shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 3.6 to the extent necessary to properly give effect to the limitations contained in this Section 3.6.

Article
IV

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE INVESTOR

The Investor hereby makes
the following representations, warranties and covenants to the Company:

Section 4.1. Organization
and Standing of the Investor. The Investor is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Delaware.

Section 4.2. Authorization
and Power. The Investor has the requisite limited liability company power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and to purchase or acquire the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action,
and no further consent or authorization of the Investor or its officers is required. Each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership, or similar Laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application (including any limitation of equitable remedies).

7

Section 4.3. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement
and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not (i) result in a
violation of such Investors certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or other applicable organizational
instruments, (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a
default) under, or give rise to any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement,
mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Investor is a party
or is bound, (iii) create or impose any lien, charge or encumbrance on any property of the Investor under any agreement or any
commitment to which the Investor is party or under which the Investor is bound or under which any of its properties or assets are
bound, or (iv) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, or regulation, or any Order of any
Governmental Entity applicable to the Investor or by which any of its properties or assets are bound or affected, except, in the
case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, acceleration, cancellations and
violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prohibit or otherwise interfere with, in any material respect, the
ability of the Investor to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. The
Investor is not required under any applicable Law to obtain any consent, authorization or Order of, or make any filing or
registration with, any Governmental Entity in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement or to purchase or acquire the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, other than
as may be required by FINRA; provided, however, that for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the
Investor is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and warranties and the compliance with the
relevant covenants and agreements of the Company in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

Section 4.4. Investment
Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for
resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
or blue sky Laws; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor does not agree,
or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose
of the Shares at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or
indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Shares. The Investor is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course
of its business.

Section 4.5. Accredited
Investor Status. The Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

Section 4.6. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities or blue sky Laws and that the Company is
relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties,
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such
exemptions and the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Shares.

8

Section 4.7. Information. All
materials relating to the business, financial condition, management and operations of the Company and materials relating to the
offer and sale of the Shares which have been requested by the Investor have been furnished or otherwise made available to the
Investor or its advisors, including, without limitation, the Commission Documents. The Investor understands that its investment in
the Shares involves a high degree of risk. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares, including
a total loss thereof, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of a proposed investment in the Shares. The Investor and its advisors have been afforded the opportunity to ask
questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning the financial condition and business of the Company
and other matters relating to an investment in the Shares. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations
conducted by the Investor or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right
to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to
which the Company is a party or the Investors right to rely on any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in
connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the
opinions of the Companys counsel delivered pursuant to Sections 7.1(iv), 7.2(xvi) and 7.3(x)). The Investor has sought such
accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to its
acquisition of the Shares. The Investor understands that it (and not the Company) shall be responsible for its own tax liabilities
that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.8. No Governmental
Review. The Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or Governmental Entity
has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Shares or the fairness or suitability of an investment in the Shares nor
have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares.

Section 4.9. No General
Solicitation. The Investor is not purchasing or acquiring the Shares as a result of any form of general solicitation or general
advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares.

Section 4.10. Not
an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or an Affiliate of the Company. As of the date of this Agreement, the
Investor does not beneficially own any shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common
Stock. During the Investment Period, the Investor will not acquire for its own account any shares of Common Stock or securities
exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock, other than pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however,
that nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or be deemed to prohibit the Investor from purchasing, in an open market transaction
or otherwise, shares of Common Stock necessary to make delivery by the Investor in satisfaction of a sale by the Investor of Shares
that the Investor anticipated receiving from the Company in connection with the settlement of a VWAP Purchase, an Intraday VWAP
Purchase or a Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) if the Company or its transfer agent shall have failed for any reason (other than
a failure of the Investor or its Broker-Dealer to set up a DWAC and required instructions) to electronically transfer all of the
Shares subject to such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) to the Investor on the
applicable Purchase Share Delivery Date by crediting the Investors or its designated Broker-Dealers account at DTC
through its DWAC delivery system in compliance with Section 3.4 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing
restriction does not apply to any Affiliate of the Investor, provided that any such purchases do not cause the Investor to violate
any applicable Exchange Act requirement, including Regulation M.

9

Section 4.11. No
Prior Short Sales. At no time prior to the date of this Agreement has the Investor, any of its officers, or any entity managed
or controlled by the Investor, engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for the Investors own
principal account or for the principal account of any such entity managed or controlled by the Investor, any (i) short sale
(as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes
a net short position with respect to the Common Stock that remains in effect as of the date of this Agreement.

Section 4.12. Statutory
Underwriter Status. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling
stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any Prospectus contained therein to the extent required by applicable Law and
to the extent the Prospectus is related to the resale of Registrable Securities.

Section 4.13. Resales
of Shares. The Investor represents, warrants and covenants that it will resell Shares purchased or acquired by the Investor from
the Company pursuant to this Agreement only pursuant to the Registration Statement in which the resale of such Shares is registered under
the Securities Act and the Prospectus contained therein, in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in
such Registration Statement and Prospectus, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and applicable state securities
or blue sky Laws.

Article
V

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the
disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to the Investor, if any (which is hereby incorporated by reference in, and constitutes an
integral part of, this Agreement) (the Disclosure Schedule), the Company hereby makes the following representations,
warranties and covenants to the Investor:

Section 5.1. Organization,
Good Standing and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of
the State of Delaware and has the corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate its assets and properties and to conduct its
business as now being conducted in all material respects. The Company is duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good standing
(or equivalent status as applicable) in each jurisdiction in which the assets owned or leased by it or the character of its activities
require it to be licensed or qualified or in good standing (or equivalent status as applicable), except where the failure to be so licensed
or qualified, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.2. Authorization, Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and
perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to issue the Shares in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof. Except for approvals of the Companys Board of Directors or a committee thereof as may be
required in connection with any issuance and sale of Shares to the Investor hereunder (which approvals shall be obtained prior to
the delivery of any VWAP Purchase Notice, any Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice and any Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice), the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no
further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors or its stockholders is required. Each of the Transaction
Documents to which the Company is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or similar Laws
relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of
general application (including any limitation of equitable remedies).

10

Section 5.3. Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company and the shares thereof issued and outstanding were as set forth in the Commission Documents
as of the dates reflected therein. All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are
fully paid and non-assessable. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement,
there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any securities under the Securities
Act. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, no shares of Common Stock are entitled to preemptive rights and there are no outstanding
debt securities and no contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional
shares of the capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company other
than those issued or granted in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the Companys equity incentive and/or compensatory
plans or arrangements. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, the Company is not a party to, and it has no Knowledge of, any
agreement restricting the voting or transfer of any shares of the capital stock of the Company. Except as set forth in the Commission
Documents, there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by this Agreement,
the Registration Rights Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, or the consummation of the transactions described herein
or therein. The Company has filed with the Commission true and correct copies of the Companys Third Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation as in effect on the Closing Date (the Charter), and the Companys Third Amended and
Restated Bylaws as in effect on the Closing Date (the Bylaws).

Section
5.4. Payment of Commitment Fee; Issuance of Shares. Payment of the Commitment Fee by the Company to the Investor in
such manner, at such time(s) and otherwise pursuant to and in accordance with Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii) of this Agreement,
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement
have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to a particular VWAP Purchase Notice, pursuant to a
particular Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or pursuant to a particular Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable), will be, prior to
the delivery to the Investor hereunder of such VWAP Purchase Notice, such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice and such Fixed VWAP Purchase
Notice (as applicable), duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The Shares, when issued and
sold against payment therefor in accordance with this Agreement, shall be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and
non-assessable and free from all liens, charges, taxes, security interests, encumbrances, rights of first refusal, preemptive or
similar rights and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof, and the Investor shall be entitled to all rights accorded
to a holder of Common Stock. As of the Commencement Date, an aggregate of 4,250,000 shares of Common Stock shall have been duly
authorized and reserved by the Company for issuance and sale to the Investor as Shares pursuant to VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP
Purchases and Fixed VWAP Purchases under this Agreement.

11

Section 5.5. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not (i) result in a violation
of any provision of the Companys Charter or Bylaws, (ii) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of,
or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give rise to any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license,
lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or is bound, (iii) create or impose
a lien, charge or encumbrance on any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any agreement or any commitment
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any
of their respective properties or assets is subject, or (iv) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule,
regulation or Order applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries are bound or affected (including federal and state securities or blue sky Laws and regulations and the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market or applicable Eligible Market), except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such conflicts,
defaults, terminations, amendments, acceleration, cancellations, liens, charges, encumbrances and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or that have been waived. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement and as required under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities or
blue sky Laws, the Company is not required under any Law to obtain any consent, authorization or Order of, or make any
filing or registration with, any Governmental Entity (including, without limitation, the Trading Market) in order for it to execute,
deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, or to issue the Shares to the Investor
in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof (other than such consents, authorizations, Orders, filings or registrations as have been
obtained or made prior to the Closing Date); provided, however, that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence,
the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor in this Agreement and the
compliance by it with its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

12

Section 5.6.Commission Documents, Financial Statements; Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting;
Accountants.

(a) Since March 14, 2024
(the Business Combination Date), the Company has timely filed (giving effect to permissible extensions
in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all Commission Documents required to be filed with or furnished to the
Commission by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, including those required to be filed with or furnished to
the Commission under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. As of the Closing Date, no Subsidiary of the Company is
required to file or furnish any report, schedule, registration, form, statement, information or other document with the Commission.
As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the Closing Date, as of the date of such amended or
superseded filing), each Commission Document filed with or furnished to the Commission prior to the Closing Date complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable. Each Registration Statement, on
the date it is filed with the Commission, on the date it is declared effective by the Commission and on each Purchase Date, shall
comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Rule 415 under the
Securities Act) and shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, except that this representation and warranty shall not
apply to statements in or omissions from such Registration Statement made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
relating to the Investor furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use therein. The
Prospectus and each Prospectus Supplement required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement after
the Closing Date, when taken together, on its date and on each Purchase Date, shall comply in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act) and shall not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that this representation and
warranty shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement made in reliance upon and in
conformity with information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly
for use therein. Each Commission Document (other than the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, or the
Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto) to be filed with or furnished to the Commission after the Closing
Date and filed as part of or incorporated by reference in the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, or
the Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement or the
Registration Rights Agreement (including, without limitation, the Current Report), when such document is filed with or furnished to
the Commission and, if applicable, when such document becomes effective, as the case may be, shall comply in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable. The Company has delivered or made available to the
Investor via EDGAR or otherwise true and complete copies of all comment letters and substantive correspondence received by the
Company from the Commission relating to the Commission Documents filed with or furnished to the Commission as of the Closing Date,
together with all written responses of the Company thereto in the form such responses were filed via EDGAR. Except as disclosed in
the Commission Documents, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments or undertakings in such comment letters received by the
Company from the Commission. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any
registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

13

(b)The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Commission Documents, together
with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and
its Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity
of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods specified (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate) and have been prepared in compliance with the published
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis (except (i) for such adjustments to accounting standards
and practices as are noted therein and (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may
be condensed or summary statements) during the periods involved. There is no pro forma financial information that is required to be included
or incorporated by reference in the Commission Documents pursuant to Regulation S-X of the Securities Act, including, without limitation,
Article 11 thereof. The other financial, statistical and market-related data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries contained
or incorporated by reference in the Commission Documents, if any, are based on or derived from sources
that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry, to be reliable and accurate or fairly represent the Companys good faith estimates
that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources. There are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that
are required to be included in the Commission Documents that are not included as required. All disclosures contained in the Commission
Documents, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission)
comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent
applicable.

(c) Except as set forth in
the Commission Documents, the Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in
its internal control over financial reporting. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, since the date of the latest audited
financial statements of the Company included in the Commission Documents, there has been no change in the Companys internal
control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, the Company has established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act.
The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys controls and procedures as of a date
within 90 days prior to the filing date of the Form 10-K for the fiscal year most recently ended (such date, the
Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its Form 10-K for the fiscal year most recently ended
the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their
evaluations as of the most recent Evaluation Date and, except as set forth in such Form 10-K or any Commission Document filed with
the Commission for a period subsequent to the period covered by such Form 10-K, the disclosure controls and procedures
are effective.

14

(d)BDO USA, P.C. (the Accountant), whose report on the consolidated financial statements of the Company
is to be filed with the Commission as part of the Initial Registration Statement, are and, during the periods covered by their report,
were independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) with respect to the Company.

(e)Since the Business Combination Date, the Company has timely filed all certifications and statements the Company is required to
file under (i) Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 under the Exchange Act or (ii) 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) with respect to all Commission Documents with respect to which the Company is required to file such certifications and statements
thereunder.

Section 5.7. Subsidiaries.
Exhibit 21.1 to the 2024 Form 10-K sets forth each Subsidiary of the Company as of the Closing Date, other than those that may be
omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, and the Company does not have any other Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, other than
those that may be omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Each Subsidiary of the Company has been duly formed or organized, is
validly existing under the applicable Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has the organizational power and
authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted, except as would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys Subsidiaries is duly licensed or qualified
and in good standing (or equivalent status as applicable) as a foreign corporation (or other entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction
in which the assets owned or leased by it or the character of its activities require it to be licensed or qualified or in good standing
(or equivalent status as applicable), except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified, individually or in the aggregate, has
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited,
directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital
stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys
property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, except as described in or contemplated by the Commission Documents
or as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.8. No Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in any Commission
Documents, since December 31, 2024: (i) the Company has not experienced or suffered any Material Adverse Effect, and there exists no
current state of facts, condition or event which would have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) there has not occurred any
material adverse change, or any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a prospective material adverse change, in
the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company from that set forth in the
Commission Documents.

15

Section 5.9. No
Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent
(including any off-balance sheet obligations or any variable interest entities as that term is used in Accounting Standards
Codification Paragraph 810-10-25-20), not described in Commission Documents which are required to be described in the Commission Documents.

Section 5.10. No
Material Defaults on Indebtedness. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or bylaws or similar organizational documents
or (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the
due performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, promissory note,
or loan agreement or other instrument relating to Indebtedness to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or to
which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject, except, in the case of clause (ii) above, for any such default that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.11. Solvency.
The Company has not taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any Bankruptcy Law,
nor does the Company have any Knowledge that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation
Proceedings or other Proceedings for relief under any Bankruptcy Law. The Company and its Subsidiaries are financially solvent and are
generally able to pay their respective debts as they become due.

Section 5.12. Title
to Real and Personal Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable
title to all items of real property and good and marketable title to all personal property described in the Commission Documents as being
owned by them that are material to the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances
and claims, except such exceptions as are disclosed in the Commission Documents or those that would reasonably be expected to not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property described in the Commission Documents as being leased by the Company
or its Subsidiaries is held by them under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except such exceptions as are disclosed in the Commission
Documents or those that would not be reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.13. Litigation. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the
Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, if adversely decided or resolved, would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Commission
Documents, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Proceeding
involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities or blue sky Laws or a claim of breach
of fiduciary duty, which would reasonably expected to result in an Order having a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in
the Commission Documents, there has not been, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any
investigation by the Commission involving the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any current or former director or officer of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which would reasonably expected to result in an Order having a Material Adverse
Effect. 

16

Section 5.14. Compliance
With Laws. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, for the past five years, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has been and is presently being conducted in compliance with all applicable Laws, except for such non-compliance which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Order applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in all cases for any
such violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.15. Certain
Fees. Except as contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including in connection with the engagement of any Qualified Independent
Underwriter as contemplated by Section 6.15 hereof) or as disclosed in the Commission Documents, no brokerage or finders fees
or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder,
placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Except for any fees and other compensation payable to any Qualified Independent Underwriter engaged to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents pursuant to Section 6.15 hereof, none of the Investor, BRS or any of their respective Affiliates
shall have any obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a
type contemplated in this Section 5.15 incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that may be due or payable in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
5.16. Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the
Investor or any of its agents, advisors or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to
constitute material, nonpublic information concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been publicly disclosed by
the Company in a Commission Document filed by the Company with the Commission, other than the existence of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing
representations in effecting resales of Shares under the Registration Statement. All disclosure provided to the Investor regarding
the Company and its Subsidiaries, their businesses and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including,
without limitation, the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
(as modified by the Disclosure Schedule)) furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for
purposes of or in connection with the Transaction Documents, taken together, is true and correct in all material respects on the
date on which such information is dated or certified, and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading at such time. Each press release issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the Business
Combination Date did not at the time of release (or, if amended or superseded by a later dated press release issued by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date or by a later dated Commission Document filed with or furnished to the
Commission by the Company prior to the Closing Date, at the time of issuance of such later dated press release or filing or
furnishing of such Commission Document, as applicable) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading.

17

Section 5.17. Material
Permits. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has all Permits that are required
by Law to own, lease or operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as currently conducted, except for such Permits
that are not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole
(the Material Permits). Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents or as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) to the Companys Knowledge, each Material
Permit is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, (ii) no written notice of revocation, cancellation or termination
of any Material Permit has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) there are, and have been, no Proceedings
pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened relating to the suspension, revocation or material and adverse modification
of any of such Material Permit.

Section 5.18. Environmental
Matters. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, the business and operations of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have been and are being conducted in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, except where the failure to be in such compliance
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any Governmental Entity or any third party alleging any material violation of
or liability arising under Environmental Law (including, without limitation, liability for costs of investigating or remediating Releases
of Hazardous Materials and/or damages to natural resources). Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, there has been no storage,
generation, transportation, use, handling, treatment, Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other Person at, on, under or from any property or facility now or, to the knowledge
of the Company, previously owned, operated or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in violation of any Environmental Laws
or in a manner or amount or to a location that would reasonably be expected to result in any liability under any Environmental Law, except
for any violation or liability which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.19. Intellectual Property Rights. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names,
trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights
(Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Commission Documents, except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents and except as
would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect: (A) to the Knowledge of
the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights
owned by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Proceeding or claim by others
challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which
would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened
Proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights that would, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys
Knowledge, threatened Proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any
Intellectual Property Rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any
such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (E) to the
Companys Knowledge, no employee of the Company is in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment
contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement,
nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant with the Company where the basis of such violation relates to such
employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and would
reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; (F) the Company obtains invention
assignment agreements from each employee or contractor who is a developer of the Companys material Intellectual Property
Rights, except to the extent that the ownership of such Intellectual Property Rights vests in the Company by operation of applicable
Law; and (G) the Company takes commercially reasonable steps designed to ensure its proprietary technology does not use open source
code or libraries licensed under open source licenses in a manner that requires the Company to disclose the source code to such
proprietary technology to third parties. To the Companys Knowledge, except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, the
Company uses commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of all material confidential technical information
developed by and belonging to the Company. 

Section 5.20. Material
Contracts. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, the descriptions in the Commission
Documents of the material Contracts therein described present fairly in all material respects the information required to be shown, and
there are no material Contracts of a character required to be described in the Commission Documents or to be filed as exhibits thereto
that are not described or filed as required; all material Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and third parties
expressly referenced in the Commission Documents are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries,
and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each other contracting party thereto, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except
to the extent enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors
rights generally and by general equitable principles, and except where the failure of any such Contract to be enforceable
in accordance with its terms would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

18

Section 5.21. Transactions
With Affiliates. Except as
set forth in the Commission Documents, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the Knowledge of the Company, none of
the Companys stockholders, the officers or directors of any stockholder of the Company who is the beneficial owner of more than
five per cent (5%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any immediate family member or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, has
either directly or indirectly any material interest in, or is a party to, any transaction that is required to be disclosed as a related
party transaction pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Section 5.22. Labor
Relations. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, no labor dispute exists or, to the Knowledge of the Company, is imminent
with respect to any of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, none of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is
a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
all Laws relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure
to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.23. Use
of Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Company to Investor shall be used by the Company in the manner as
will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto) and any Prospectus
Supplement thereto filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section 5.24. Investment
Company Act Status. The Company is not, and as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and the application of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares as will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration
Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto) and any Prospectus Supplement thereto filed pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement the Company will not be required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

Section
5.25. Tax Matters. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents and except for matters that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject as and when due subject to any applicable
extensions, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, whether or not
shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, and (iii) has set aside on its books provision
reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or
declarations apply. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents and except for matters that would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, there are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the Company has no Knowledge of any basis for any such
claim.

19

Section 5.26. Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, whether or not arising from transactions
in the ordinary course of business.

Section 5.27. Exemption
from Registration. Subject to, and in reliance on, the representations, warranties and covenants made herein by the Investor,
the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company to the Investor in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement is exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2); provided, however, that at the request
of and with the express agreement of the Investor (including, without limitation, the representations, warranties and covenants of Investor
set forth in Sections 4.10 through 4.13), the Shares to be issued from and after Commencement to or for the benefit of the Investor pursuant
to this Agreement shall be issued to the Investor or its designee only as DWAC Shares and will not bear legends noting restrictions as
to resale of such securities under federal or state securities Laws, nor will any such Shares be subject to stop transfer instructions.

Section 5.28. No
General Solicitation or Advertising. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any Person acting on
its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection
with the offer or sale of the Shares.

Section 5.29. No
Integrated Offering. None of the Company or any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration
of the offer, issuance and sale by the Company to the Investor of any of the Shares under the Securities Act, whether through integration
with prior offerings or otherwise, or cause this offering of the Shares to require approval of stockholders of the Company under any
applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. None
of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their Affiliates nor any Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps referred to in
the preceding sentence that would require registration of the offer, issuance and sale by the Company to the Investor of any of the Shares
under the Securities Act or cause the offering of any of the Shares to be integrated with any other offering of securities of the Company.

Section
5.30. Dilutive Effect. The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of the Shares will cause dilution to
existing stockholders and could significantly increase the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Company further
acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Shares pursuant to the terms of a VWAP Purchase Notice, an Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notice or a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) in accordance with this Agreement is, in each case, absolute and
unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of the
Company.

20

Section 5.31. Manipulation
of Price. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates has, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no
Person acting on their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed or intended to cause or to result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company, or which caused or resulted in, or which would in the future reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company, in each case to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of
the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates will during the term of this Agreement, and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf will during the term of this Agreement, take any of the actions referred to
in the immediately preceding sentence.

Section 5.32. Securities
Act. The Company has complied and shall comply with all applicable federal and state securities or blue sky Laws
in connection with the offer, issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder, including, without limitation, the applicable requirements of
the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement, upon filing with the Commission and at the time it is declared effective by the Commission,
shall satisfy all of the requirements of the Securities Act to register the resale of the Registrable Shares included therein by the
Investor in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415 under the Securities Act
at then-prevailing market prices, and not fixed prices. The Company is not currently, and has not been since the Business Combination
Date, an issuer identified in, or subject to, paragraph (i)(1) of Rule 144. The Company has filed current Form 10 information
(as defined in paragraph (i)(3) of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) with the Commission on March 20, 2024 reflecting its status as
an entity that is not a shell company.

Section 5.33. Listing
and Maintenance Requirements; DTC Eligibility. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its Knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not received written notice from the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an
Eligible Market, from such Eligible Market) to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of the Trading Market (or of such Eligible Market, as applicable). Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, the Company is in
compliance with all applicable listing and maintenance requirements of the Trading Market. The Common Stock may be issued and transferred
electronically to third parties via DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) delivery system.
The Company has not received written notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits
of the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock is being imposed or is contemplated.

Section
5.34. Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action,
if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys Charter or the Delaware General
Corporation Law, as amended, that is or could become applicable to the Investor as a result of the Investor and the Company
fulfilling their respective obligations or exercising their respective rights under the Transaction Documents (as applicable),
including, without limitation, as a result of the Companys issuance and sale of the Shares to the Investor pursuant to this
Agreement and the Investors acquisition and ownership of the Shares.

21

Section 5.35. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any agent or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any
Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any
contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is
in violation of Law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended
(the FCPA).

Section 5.36. Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Knowledge of the Company any of the directors,
officers or employees, agents, affiliates or representatives of the Company or its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity that is,
or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that is: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S.
Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor (ii) located, organized
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly
or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated hereby, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds
to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of
or with any individual or entity or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of
Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any individual or entity (including any individual
or entity participating in the transactions contemplated hereby, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past
five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly engaged in, and is not now knowingly engaged in, any dealings
or transactions with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was
the subject of Sanctions.

Section 5.37. Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all
material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting
Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the
Money Laundering Laws), and no Proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company or any
Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

22

Section 5.38. ERISA.
To
the Knowledge of the Company, (i) each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any
of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the
requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code), (ii) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the Company with respect to any such plan excluding transactions
effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption, and (iii) for each such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412
of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency as defined in Section 412 of the Code
has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such plan (excluding for these purposes accrued
but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions,
other than, in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii) above, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.39. IT
Systems. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents, the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries owns or has a valid right to use the IT Systems necessary to operate the business of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, except as would not be reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, the IT Systems owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries are: (a) free from
any defect, bug, virus or programming, design or documentation error; and (b) in good working condition as required by the Company and
its Subsidiaries to perform all information technology operations necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted (except for ordinary wear and tear), in each case, except as would not be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not be reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents, the
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security
of the IT Systems, and all material information stored or contained therein or transmitted thereby (including Personal Data) from any
theft, corruption, loss or unauthorized use, access, interruption or modification by any Person.

Section 5.40. Data
Privacy and Security. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents or as would not be reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are, and since
January 1, 2021, has been, in compliance with all applicable Privacy and Security Requirements. Except as otherwise disclosed
in the Commission Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has, where appropriate to the risk level, implemented
technical, administrative and organizational measures, including policies relating to the lawful Processing of Personal Data, data
privacy and data security, as and to the extent required by applicable Privacy Law (Privacy and Data Security
Policies). Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents, since January 1, 2021, there has been no
Proceeding, and to the Companys Knowledge, there is no Proceeding currently pending against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries initiated by any Person (including (i) the United States Federal Trade Commission, any state attorney general or
similar state official, or (ii) any other Governmental Entity, foreign or domestic) that, in each case, alleged that any
Processing of Personal Data by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary is or was in material violation of any Privacy and
Security Requirements or any Privacy and Data Security Policies. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents, neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is under any Order issued by any Governmental Entity, foreign or domestic, related to
Privacy and Security Requirements. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Commission Documents, to the Companys Knowledge,
since January 1, 2021, (i) there have been no incidents of unauthorized Processing of Personal Data that have adversely
affected the business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in a material way, and (ii) neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has notified, or has been required by applicable Privacy Laws or agreement to notify, any Person of any
(A) loss, theft or damage of, or (B) other unauthorized access to, acquisition of, or use, disclosure, or other Processing
of Personal Data.

23

Section 5.41. U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or has ever been, and so long as any of
the Shares are held by the Investor, shall become a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code.

Section 5.42. Margin
Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company as described
in the Commission Documents will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation
of such Board of Governors.

Section 5.43. Emerging
Growth Company Status. As of the Closing Date the Company was, and as of the Commencement Date the Company will be, an emerging
growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act
of 2012.

Section 5.44. Smaller
Reporting Company Status. As of the Closing Date the Company was, and as of the Commencement Date the Company will be, a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Section 5.45. [Reserved].

Section 5.46. Market
Capitalization. As of the date of this Agreement, the aggregate market value of the outstanding voting and non-voting common
equity (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company held by Persons other than Affiliates of the Company (pursuant to
Rule 144, those that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled by, or are under common control
with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate Shares), was approximately $219 million (calculated by multiplying
(i) the highest price at which the common equity of the Company closed on the Trading Market within 60 days of the date of this Agreement
by (ii) the number of Non-Affiliate Shares).

Section
5.47. Broker/Dealer Relationships; FINRA Information. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) is
required to register as a broker or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii)
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is a person associated with a member or
associated person of a member (within the meaning set forth in the FINRA Manual). All of the information provided to
the Investor, BRS or to their counsel, specifically for use by BRS in connection with the FINRA Filing (and related disclosure) with
FINRA, by the Company, its counsel, its officers and directors and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to
acquire any securities of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents is true,
complete, correct and compliant with FINRAs rules and any letters, filings or other supplemental information provided to
FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules.

24

Section 5.48. Acknowledgement
Regarding Relationship with Investor and BRS. The Company acknowledges and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by
Law, that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms-length purchaser with respect to this Agreement, the Registration
Rights Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and BRS is acting as a representative of the Investor
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and of no other party, including the Company. The Company
further acknowledges that while the Investor will be deemed to be a statutory underwriter with respect to certain of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance with interpretive positions of the Staff of the Commission, the
Investor is a trader that is not required to register with the Commission as a broker-dealer under Section 15(a) of the
Exchange Act. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor and its representatives are not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary
of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives (including BRS) or agents in connection
therewith is merely incidental to the Investors acquisition of the Shares. The Company understands and acknowledges that employees
of BRS may discuss market color, VWAP Purchase Notice, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice timing and parameter
considerations and other related capital markets considerations with the Company in connection with the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby, in all cases on behalf of the Investor. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor has
not made and does not make any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
other than those specifically set forth in Article IV.

Section
5.49. Acknowledgement Regarding Investors Affiliate Relationships. Affiliates of the Investor, including BRS,
engage in a wide range of activities for their own accounts and the accounts of customers, including corporate finance, mergers and
acquisitions, merchant banking, equity and fixed income sales, trading and research, derivatives, foreign exchange, futures, asset
management, custody, clearance and securities lending. In the course of their respective business, Affiliates of the Investor may,
directly or indirectly, hold long or short positions, trade and otherwise conduct such activities in or with respect to debt or
equity securities or bank debt of, or derivative products relating to, the Company. Any such position will be created, and
maintained, independently of the position the Investor takes in the Company. In addition, at any given time Affiliates of the
Investor, including BRS, may have been or in the future may be engaged by one or more entities that may be competitors with, or
otherwise adverse to, the Company in matters unrelated to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and Affiliates
of the Investor, including BRS may have or may in the future provide investment banking or other services to the Company in matters
unrelated to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Activities of any of the Investors Affiliates
performed on behalf of the Company may give rise to actual or apparent conflicts of interest given the Investors potentially
competing interests with those of the Company. The Company expressly acknowledges the benefits it receives from the Investors
participation in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, on the one hand, and the Investors
Affiliates activities, if any, on behalf of the Company unrelated to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, on the other hand, and understands the conflict or potential conflict of interest that may arise in this regard, and has
consulted with such independent advisors as it deems appropriate in order to understand and assess the risks associated with these
potential conflicts of interest. Consistent with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, applicable Affiliates of the Investor
have adopted policies and procedures to establish and maintain the independence of their research departments and personnel from
their investment banking groups and the Investor. As a result, research analysts employed by Affiliates of the Investor may hold
views, make statements or investment recommendations or publish research reports with respect to the Company or the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents that differ from the views of the Investor.

25

Article
VI

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

The Company covenants with
the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the benefit of the other party,
during the Investment Period (and with respect to the Company, for the period following the termination of this Agreement specified in
Section 8.3 pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.3):

Section 6.1. Securities
Compliance. The Company shall notify the Commission and the Trading Market, if and as applicable, in accordance with their respective
rules and regulations, of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and shall take all necessary action, undertake
all proceedings and obtain all registrations, permits, consents and approvals for the legal and valid issuance of the Shares to the Investor
in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, as applicable.

Section
6.2. Reservation of Common Stock. The Company shall reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive and
other similar rights of stockholders, the requisite aggregate number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to enable the
Company to timely effect (i) the issuance, sale and delivery of all Shares to be issued, sold and delivered in respect of each VWAP
Purchase effected under this Agreement, in the case of this clause (i), at least prior to the delivery by the Company to the
Investor of the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice in connection with such VWAP Purchase, (ii) the issuance, sale and delivery of all
Shares to be issued, sold and delivered in respect of each Intraday VWAP Purchase effected under this Agreement, in the case of this
clause (ii), at least prior to the delivery by the Company to the Investor of the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice in
connection with such Intraday VWAP Purchase, and (iii) the issuance, sale and delivery of all Shares to be issued, sold and
delivered in respect of each Fixed VWAP Purchase effected under this Agreement, in the case of this clause (iii), at least prior to
the delivery by the Company to the Investor of the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice in connection with such Fixed VWAP
Purchase. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as of the Commencement Date shall have reserved, out of its authorized
and unissued Common Stock, 4,250,000 shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose of issuing Shares pursuant to one or more VWAP
Purchases, one or more Intraday VWAP Purchases and one or more Fixed VWAP Purchases (as applicable) that may be effected by the
Company, in its sole discretion, from time to time from and after the Commencement Date under this Agreement. The number of shares
of Common Stock so reserved for the purpose of effecting issuances of Shares pursuant to VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and
Fixed VWAP Purchases under this Agreement (as applicable) may be increased from time to time by the Company from and after the
Commencement Date, and such number of reserved shares may be reduced from and after the Commencement Date only by the number of
Shares actually issued, sold and delivered to the Investor pursuant to any VWAP Purchase, any Intraday VWAP Purchase and any Fixed
VWAP Purchase (as applicable) effected from and after the Commencement Date pursuant to this Agreement.

26

Section 6.3. Registration
and Listing. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Common Stock to continue to be registered
as a class of securities under Sections 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and to comply with its reporting and filing obligations under the
Exchange Act, and shall not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act)
to terminate or suspend such registration or to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act or Securities
Act, except as permitted herein or as may be required to comply with any fiduciary duty. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock and the listing of the Shares purchased or acquired by the Investor hereunder
on the Trading Market (or another Eligible Market) and to comply with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under
the rules and regulations of the Trading Market (or other Eligible Market, as applicable). The Company shall not take any action which
could be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Trading Market (or other Eligible Market,
as applicable), except as may be required to comply with any fiduciary duty. If the Company receives any final and non-appealable notice
that the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market (or other Eligible Market, as applicable) shall be terminated
on a date certain, the Company shall promptly (and in any case within 24 hours) notify the Investor of such fact in writing and shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Common Stock to be listed or quoted on another Eligible Market.

Section 6.4. Compliance with Laws.

(i) During the Investment
Period, the Company shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with (a) all Laws and Orders applicable to the
business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect and (b) with applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, including Regulation M thereunder, applicable
state securities or blue sky Laws, and applicable listing rules of the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is
listed for trading on any Eligible Market, applicable listing rules of such Eligible Market), in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement in
any material respect or for Investor to conduct resales of Shares under the Registration Statement and the Prospectus contained
therein in any material respect. Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the
Knowledge of the Company, any of its or their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or any other Persons acting on their
behalf shall, in connection with the operation of the Companys and its Subsidiaries respective businesses, (1) use any
corporate funds for unlawful contributions, payments, gifts or entertainment or to make any unlawful expenditures relating to
political activity to government officials, candidates or members of political parties or organizations, (2) pay, accept or receive
any unlawful contributions, payments, expenditures or gifts, or (3) violate or operate in noncompliance with any export
restrictions, anti-boycott regulations, embargo regulations or other applicable Laws, including, without limitation, the FCPA and
Money Laundering Laws.

27

(ii) The Investor shall
comply with all Laws and Orders applicable to the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and its investment in
the Shares, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of the Investor
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Investor
shall comply with all applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including Regulation M thereunder, the rules
and regulations of FINRA, and all applicable state securities or blue sky Laws.

Section 6.5. Keeping of Records and
Books of Account; Due Diligence.

(i)The Investor and the Company shall each maintain records showing the remaining Total Commitment, the remaining Aggregate Limit,
the dates and VWAP Purchase Share Amount for each VWAP Purchase, the dates and Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount for each Intraday VWAP
Purchase, and the dates and Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount for each Fixed VWAP Purchases.

(ii) Subject to the requirements of Section 6.12, from time to time from and after the Closing Date, the Company shall make available
for inspection and review by the Investor during normal business hours and after reasonable notice, customary documentation reasonably
requested by the Investor and/or its appointed counsel or advisors to conduct due diligence; provided, however, that after
the Closing Date, the Investors continued due diligence shall not be a condition precedent to the Commencement or to the Investors
obligation to accept each VWAP Purchase Notice, each Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice and each Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice timely delivered
by the Company to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement.

Section 6.6. No
Frustration; No Variable Rate Transactions.

(i) No
Frustration. The Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan, arrangement or
transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the
Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation, the
obligation of the Company to (i) pay or cause to be paid to the Investor the Commitment Fee, pursuant to, at such time(s) and in
such manner as set forth in Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii) of this Agreement, and (ii) deliver the Shares to the Investor in
respect of each VWAP Purchase, each Intraday VWAP Purchase and each Fixed VWAP Purchase effected by the Company pursuant to this
Agreement (as applicable), in each case not later than the applicable Purchase Share Delivery Date with respect to such VWAP
Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase and such Fixed VWAP Purchase, respectively, in accordance with Section 3.4. For the avoidance
of doubt, nothing in this Section 6.6(i) shall in any way limit the Companys right to terminate this Agreement in accordance
with Section 8.2 (subject in all cases to Section 8.3).

28

(ii) No Variable
Rate Transactions. The Company shall not effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, other
than in connection with an Exempt Issuance. The Investor shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the Company and its Subsidiaries
to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required.

Section 6.7. Corporate
Existence. The Company shall take all steps necessary to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company; provided,
however, that, except as provided in Section 6.8, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit the Company from engaging
in any Fundamental Transaction with another Person. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 6.7 shall in any way limit the
Companys right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 8.2 (subject in all cases to Section 8.3).

Section 6.8. Fundamental
Transaction. If a VWAP Purchase Notice, an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice has been delivered to
the Investor and the transactions contemplated therein have not yet been fully settled in accordance with Section 3.4 of this Agreement,
the Company shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction until the expiration of five (5) Trading Days following the date of full settlement
thereof and the issuance to the Investor of all of the Shares that are issuable to the Investor pursuant to the VWAP Purchase, Intraday
VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) to which such VWAP Purchase Notice, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or Fixed VWAP
Purchase Notice, respectively, relates.

Section 6.9. Selling Restrictions.

(i) Except as expressly
set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the Closing Date through and including the Trading Day next following
the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in Article VIII (the Restricted Period),
none of the Investor, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (the Investor and any entity managed
or controlled by the Investor, collectively, the Restricted Persons and each of the Investor and any
entity managed or controlled by the Investor, individually, is referred to herein as a Restricted
Person) shall, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in any Short Sales of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction,
which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock, with respect to each of clauses (i) and (ii) hereof, either
for its own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be
true) prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200
promulgated under Regulation SHO) the Shares; or (2) selling a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Shares
that the Investor is unconditionally obligated to purchase under any pending VWAP Purchase Notice, any pending Intraday VWAP
Purchase Notice or pending Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable), but has not yet received from the Company or its
transfer agent pursuant to this Agreement, so long as (X) the Investor (or its Broker-Dealer, as applicable) delivers the Shares
purchased pursuant to such pending VWAP Purchase Notice, the Shares purchased pursuant to such pending Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notice, and the Shares purchased pursuant to such pending Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) to the purchaser thereof
promptly upon the Investors receipt of such Shares from the Company in accordance with Section 3.4 of this Agreement and (Y)
neither the Company or its transfer agent shall have failed for any reason to deliver such Shares to the Investor or its
Broker-Dealer so that such Shares are timely received by the Investor as DWAC Shares on the applicable Purchase Share Delivery Date
for such VWAP Purchase, on the applicable Purchase Share Delivery Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchases, and on the applicable
Purchase Share Delivery Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) in accordance with Section 3.4 of this Agreement.

29

(ii) In addition to the
foregoing, in connection with any sale of Shares (including any sale permitted by paragraph (i) above), the Investor shall comply in
all respects with all applicable Laws and Orders, including, without limitation, the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act.

Section 6.10. Effective
Registration Statement. During the Investment Period, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
continuous effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement and each New Registration Statement filed with the Commission under the
Securities Act for the applicable Registration Period pursuant to and in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section 6.11. Blue
Sky. The Company shall take such action, if any, as is necessary by the Company in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify
the Shares for sale by the Company to the Investor pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and at the request of the Investor, the subsequent
resale of Registrable Securities by the Investor, in each case, under applicable state securities or blue sky Laws and
shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Investor from time to time following the Closing Date; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 6.11, (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction,
or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

Section
6.12. Non-Public Information. Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors,
officers, employees or agents shall disclose any material non-public information about the Company to the Investor, unless a
simultaneous public announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD. In the event of a
breach of the foregoing covenant by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), (i) the Investor shall promptly provide
written notice of such breach to the Company and (ii) after such notice has been provided to the Company and, provided that the
Company shall have failed to publicly disclose such material, non-public information within 24 hours following demand therefor by
the Investor, in addition to any other remedy provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents, the Investor shall have the
right to make a public disclosure, in the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public
information without the prior approval by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers,
employees or agents. The Investor shall not have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents, for any such disclosure, except in the case of the Investors willful
misconduct or gross negligence.

30

Section 6.13. Broker-Dealer.
The Investor shall use one or more broker-dealers (one of which is BRS, an Affiliate of the Investor) to effectuate all sales, if any,
of the Shares that it may purchase or otherwise acquire from the Company pursuant to the Transaction Documents, as applicable, which
(or whom) shall be a DTC participant (collectively, the Broker-Dealer). The Investor shall, from time to
time, provide the Company and the Companys transfer agent with all information regarding the Broker-Dealer reasonably requested
by the Company. The Investor shall be solely responsible for all fees and commissions of the Broker-Dealer (if any), which shall not
exceed customary brokerage fees and commissions and shall be responsible for designating only a DTC participant eligible to receive DWAC
Shares.

Section 6.14. FINRA
Filing. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Investor and BRS with BRS preparation
and filing with FINRAs Corporate Financing Department via the Public Offering System of all documents and information required
to be filed with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with regard to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the FINRA
Filing). In connection therewith, on or prior to the date the FINRA Filing is first made by BRS with FINRA, the Company
shall pay to FINRA by wire transfer of immediately available funds the applicable filing fee with respect to the FINRA Filing, and the
Company shall be solely responsible for payment of such fee. The parties hereby agree to provide each other and BRS all requisite
information and otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist each other and BRS in a timely fashion in order for BRS to
complete the preparation and submission of the FINRA Filing in accordance with this Section 6.14 and to assist BRS in promptly responding
to any inquiries or requests from FINRA or its staff. Each party hereto shall (a) promptly notify the other party and BRS of any communication
to that party or its Affiliates from FINRA, including, without limitation, any request from FINRA or its staff for amendments or supplements
to or additional information in respect of the FINRA Filing and permit the other party and BRS to review in advance any proposed written
communication to FINRA and (b) furnish the other party and BRS with copies of all written correspondence, filings and communications
between them and their affiliates and their respective representatives and advisors, on the one hand, and FINRA or members of its staff,
on the other hand, with respect to this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. Each of the parties hereto agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and
to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other party and BRS in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable
in order for BRS to obtain as promptly as practicable written confirmation from FINRA to the effect that FINRAs Corporate Financing
Department has determined not to raise any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Commencement Date
shall not occur, unless and until BRS shall have received written confirmation from FINRA to the effect that FINRAs Corporate
Financing Department has determined not to raise any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

31

Section 6.15. QIU.
If the Investor or any of its Affiliates,
including BRS, reasonably determines that a Qualified Independent Underwriter is required to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents in order for such transactions to be in full compliance with the rules and regulations of FINRA, including,
without limitation, FINRA Rule 5121, each of the parties hereto shall have executed such documentation as may reasonably be required
to engage a Qualified Independent Underwriter to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance
with the rules and regulations of FINRA, including, without limitation, FINRA Rule 5121.

Section 6.16. Disclosure Schedule.

(i)The Company may, from time to time, update the Disclosure Schedule as may be required to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section
7.2(i) and Section 7.3(i) (to the extent such condition set forth in Section 7.3(i) relates to the condition in Section 7.2(i) as of a
specific Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time). For purposes of this Section 6.16, any disclosure made in a schedule to the Compliance
Certificate shall be deemed to be an update of the Disclosure Schedule. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no
update to the Disclosure Schedule pursuant to this Section 6.16 shall cure any breach of a representation or warranty of the Company contained
in this Agreement and made prior to the update and shall not affect any of the Investors rights or remedies with respect thereto.

(ii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Disclosure Schedule or in this Agreement, the information and disclosure
contained in any Schedule of the Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to be disclosed and incorporated by reference in any other Schedule
of the Disclosure Schedule as though fully set forth in such Schedule for which applicability of such information and disclosure is readily
apparent on its face. The fact that any item of information is disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule shall not be construed to mean that
such information is required to be disclosed by this Agreement. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, such information and
the thresholds (whether based on quantity, qualitative characterization, dollar amounts or otherwise) set forth herein shall not be used
as a basis for interpreting the terms material or Material Adverse Effect or other similar terms in this Agreement.

32

Section
6.17. Delivery of Compliance Certificates, Bring-Down Negative Assurance Letters and Bring-Down Comfort Letters Upon
Occurrence of Certain Events (i). Within three (3) Trading Days immediately following: (i) each date on which the
Company files with the Commission (A) an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act, (B) a Form 10-K/A containing amended (or
restated) financial information or a material amendment to a previously filed annual report on Form 10-K, (C) a quarterly report on
Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act, or (D) a current report on Form 8-K containing amended (or restated) financial information (other
than information furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item
8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act; and (ii) the effective date of (A) each post-effective amendment to
the Initial Registration Statement, (B) each New Registration Statement and (C) each post-effective amendment to each New
Registration Statement, and in any case, not more than once per calendar quarter (each, a Representation
Date), the Company shall (I) deliver to the Investor a Compliance Certificate, dated the date of delivery to the
Investor, (II) cause to be furnished to the Investor an opinion and negative assurance letter bring-down from outside
counsel to the Company, dated the date of delivery to the Investor, substantially in the form mutually agreed to by the Company and
the Investor prior to the date of this Agreement, modified, as necessary, to relate to a New Registration Statement or a
post-effective amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or a New Registration Statement, and the Prospectus contained in a
Registration Statement or post-effective amendment as then amended or supplemented by any Prospectus Supplement thereto as of the
date of such letter, as applicable (each, a Bring-Down Negative Assurance Letter) and (III) other than
with respect to a Representation Date pursuant to clause (i)(C) above or pursuant to clause (i)(D) relating to amended (or restated)
quarterly financial information, cause to be furnished to the Investor a customary comfort letter provided by the
Accountant, or a successor independent registered public accounting firm for the Company (as applicable), dated the date of delivery
to the Investor, substantially in the form, scope and substance as the information contained in the Initial Comfort Letter (to the
extent such information is then applicable), stating, as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the
financial information and other matters covered by the Initial Comfort Letter (to the extent such financial information or other
matters are then applicable), modified, as necessary, to address such new, amended or restated financial information contained in
any of the Commission Documents referred to in clause (i) above or to relate to a New Registration Statement or a post-effective
amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or a New Registration Statement, or the Prospectus contained in a Registration
Statement or post-effective amendment as then amended or supplemented by any Prospectus Supplement thereto as of the date of such
letter, as applicable (each, a Bring-Down Comfort Letter). The requirement to provide the documents
identified in the previous sentence shall be tolled with respect to any Representation Date, if (A) the Company has given written
notice to the Investor (with a copy to its counsel) in accordance with Section 10.4, not later than one (1) Trading Day prior to the
applicable Representation Date, of the Companys decision to suspend delivery of VWAP Purchase Notices for future VWAP
Purchases, delivery of Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices for future Intraday VWAP Purchases and delivery of Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices
for future Fixed VWAP Purchases (each, a Future Purchase Suspension) (it being hereby acknowledged and
agreed that no Future Purchase Suspension shall limit, alter, modify, change or otherwise affect any of the Companys or the
Investors rights or obligations under the Transaction Documents with respect to any pending VWAP Purchase, any pending
Intraday VWAP Purchase and any pending Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) that has not been fully settled in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, and that the parties shall fully perform their respective obligations with respect to any
such pending VWAP Purchase, any such pending Intraday VWAP Purchase and any such pending Fixed VWAP Purchase under the Transaction
Documents), and (B) such Representation Date does not occur during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
Purchase Date for a VWAP Purchase, an Intraday VWAP Purchase or a Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) and ending on the third
(3rd) Trading Day following the date of full settlement thereof and the issuance to the Investor of all of the Shares
that are issuable to the Investor pursuant to such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as
applicable), which tolling shall continue until the earlier to occur of (1) the Trading Day immediately preceding the Purchase Date
for a VWAP Purchase, an Intraday VWAP Purchase or a Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), which for such calendar quarter shall be
considered a Representation Date, and (2) the next occurring Representation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
subsequently decides to deliver a VWAP Purchase Notice, an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice following a
Representation Date when a Future Purchase Suspension was in effect and did not provide the Investor with the documents identified
in clauses (I), (II) and (III) of the first sentence of this Section 6.17, then prior to the Companys delivery to the
Investor of such VWAP Purchase Notice, such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) on a
Purchase Date, the Company shall provide the Investor with the documents identified in clauses (I), (II) and (III) of the first
sentence of this Section 6.17, dated as of the applicable Purchase Date.

33

Article
VII

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING, COMMENCEMENT AND PURCHASES

Section 7.1. Conditions
Precedent to Closing. The Closing is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth in this Section 7.1 on the
Closing Date.

(i) Accuracy of
the Investors Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor contained in this Agreement
(a) that are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date, except
to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (b) that are qualified by materiality shall be
true and correct as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case,
such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such other date.

(ii) Accuracy of
the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(a) that are not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (b) that are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date, except to the
extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct as of such other date.

(iii) Payment of
Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and QIU Fee Reimbursement. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall
have paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Investor (or the Investors counsel)
on or prior to the date hereof, the Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and the QIU Fee Reimbursement in accordance with
Section 10.1(i), all of which Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and the QIU Fee Reimbursement shall be fully earned by
the Investor and shall be non-refundable as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether the Commencement occurs or whether any VWAP Purchases,
Intraday VWAP Purchases or Fixed VWAP Purchases are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

(iv) Closing
Deliverables. At the Closing, counterpart signature pages of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement executed
by each of the parties hereto shall be delivered as provided in Section 2.2. Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, the Investors counsel shall have received (a) the opinions of outside
counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date, in the forms mutually agreed to by the Company and the Investor prior to the date of
this Agreement, and (b) the closing certificate from the Company, dated the Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit B
hereto.

34

Section 7.2. Conditions
Precedent to Commencement. The right of the Company to commence delivering VWAP Purchase Notices, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices
and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices under this Agreement, and the obligation of the Investor to accept VWAP Purchase Notices, Intraday VWAP
Purchase Notices and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices timely delivered to the Investor by the Company under this Agreement, are subject to
the initial satisfaction, at Commencement, of each of the conditions set forth in this Section 7.2.

(i) Accuracy of
the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(a) that are not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall have been true and correct in
all material respects when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Commencement Date with the same force
and effect as if made on such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (b) that are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true and
correct as of the Commencement Date with the same force and effect as if made on such date, except to the extent such representations
and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such other
date.

(ii) Performance
of the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company
at or prior to the Commencement. The Company shall deliver to the Investor on the Commencement Date the compliance certificate substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Compliance Certificate).

(iii) Initial Registration
Statement Effective. The Initial Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities included
therein required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement shall have
been declared effective under the Securities Act by the Commission, and the Investor shall be permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein
to resell all of the Shares included in such Prospectus.

(iv) No
Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (a) receipt of any request by the
Commission or any other Governmental Entity for any additional information relating to the Initial Registration Statement, the
Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or for any amendment of or supplement to the Initial Registration
Statement, the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto; (b) the issuance by the Commission or any other
Governmental Entity of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or prohibiting or
suspending the use of the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or of the suspension of qualification
or exemption from qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or contemplated initiation
of any Proceeding for such purpose; (c) the objection of FINRA to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents or (d) the occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition or state of facts, which makes any statement of a
material fact made in the Initial Registration Statement, the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto
untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in the Initial Registration
Statement, the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto in order to state a material fact required by the
Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of the Prospectus or
any Prospectus Supplement, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or which requires an amendment
to the Initial Registration Statement or a supplement to the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto to
comply with the Securities Act, any applicable state securities or blue sky Laws or any other Law. The Company shall
have no Knowledge of any event that could reasonably be expected to have the effect of causing the suspension of the effectiveness
of the Initial Registration Statement or the prohibition or suspension of the use of the Prospectus contained therein or any
Prospectus Supplement thereto in connection with the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor.

35

(v) Other Commission
Filings. The Current Report shall have been filed with the Commission as required pursuant to Section 2.3. The final Prospectus
included in the Initial Registration Statement shall have been filed with the Commission prior to Commencement in accordance with Section
2.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents
required to have been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including
all material required to have been filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, prior to Commencement shall have been
filed with the Commission.

(vi) No Suspension
of Trading in or Notice of Delisting of Common Stock. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission,
the Trading Market or FINRA (except for any suspension of trading of limited duration agreed to by the Company, which suspension shall
be terminated prior to the Commencement Date), the Company shall not have received any final and non-appealable notice that the listing
or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to such date certain, the
Common Stock is listed or quoted on any other Eligible Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on,
accepting additional deposits of the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock
that is continuing, the Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting
additional deposits of the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock is being imposed
or is contemplated (unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified the Company in writing that DTC has determined
not to impose any such suspension or restriction).

(vii) Compliance
with Laws. The Company shall have complied with all applicable Laws in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications
required by any applicable state securities or blue sky Laws for the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company to
the Investor and the subsequent resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor (or shall have the availability of exemptions
therefrom).

36

(viii) No Injunction.
No statute, regulation or Order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, threatened or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity
of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(ix) No Proceedings
or Litigation. No Proceeding before any arbitrator or any court or Governmental Entity shall have been commenced, and no inquiry
or investigation by any Governmental Entity shall have been commenced, against the Company or any Subsidiary, or any of the officers,
directors or Affiliates of the Company or any Subsidiary, seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, or seeking material damages in connection with such transactions.

(x) Listing of Shares.
All of the Shares that have been and may be issued pursuant to this Agreement shall have been approved for listing or quotation on
the Trading Market (or on an Eligible Market) as of the Commencement Date, subject only to notice of issuance.

(xi) No Material
Adverse Effect. No condition, occurrence, state of facts or event constituting a Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred
and be continuing.

(xii) No Bankruptcy
Proceedings. No Person shall have commenced a Proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy
Law. The Company shall not have, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (a) commenced a voluntary case, (b) consented
to the entry of an Order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (c) consented to the appointment of a Custodian of the Company
or for all or substantially all of its property, or (d) made a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors. A court of competent
jurisdiction shall not have entered an Order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (I) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary
case, (II) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (III) orders the liquidation of the
Company.

(xiii) [Reserved].

(xiv) Delivery of
Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions and Notice of Effectiveness. The Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions shall have been executed by the Company and delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Companys transfer agent,
and the Notice of Effectiveness relating to the Initial Registration Statement shall have been executed by the Companys outside
counsel and delivered to the Companys transfer agent, in each case directing such transfer agent to issue to the Investor or its
designated Broker-Dealer all of the Shares included in the Initial Registration Statement as DWAC Shares in accordance with this Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement.

37

(xv) Reservation of Shares.
As of the Commencement Date, the Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, 4,250,000 shares of Common
Stock solely for the purpose of issuing Shares pursuant to VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and Fixed VWAP Purchases that may
be effected by the Company, in its sole discretion, from and after the Commencement Date under this Agreement.

(xvi) Opinions and
Negative Assurances of Company Counsel. On the Commencement Date, the Investor shall have received an opinion and negative assurances
from outside counsel to the Company, dated the Commencement Date, in the forms mutually agreed to by the Company and the Investor prior
to the date of this Agreement.

(xvii) Initial Comfort Letter of Company Auditor. On the Commencement Date, the Investor shall have received from the
Accountant, or a successor independent registered public accounting firm for the Company (as applicable), a letter dated the Commencement
Date and addressed to the Investor, in substantially the form, scope and substance mutually agreed to by the Company and the Investor
at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date on which the Initial Registration Statement is first filed with the Commission, (i) confirming
that they are independent public accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board, and (ii) stating the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the audited and unaudited financial
statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (as
supplemented by any Prospectus Supplement filed with the Commission on or prior to the Commencement Date), and certain other matters customarily
covered by auditor comfort letters, except that the specific date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures
shall be no more than three (3) Trading Days prior to the Commencement Date (the Initial Comfort Letter).

(xviii) FINRA No
Objections. Prior to the Commencement Date, FINRAs Corporate Financing Department shall have confirmed in writing that
it has determined not to raise any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
7.3. Conditions Precedent to Purchases after Commencement Date. The right of the Company to deliver VWAP Purchase
Notices, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices under this Agreement after the Commencement Date, and the
obligation of the Investor to accept VWAP Purchase Notices, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices timely
delivered to the Investor by the Company under this Agreement after the Commencement Date, are subject to the satisfaction of each
of the conditions set forth in this Section 7.3, (X) with respect to a VWAP Purchase Notice for a VWAP Purchase that is timely
delivered by the Company to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement, as of the VWAP Purchase Commencement Time of the
applicable VWAP Purchase Period for such VWAP Purchase to be effected pursuant to such VWAP Purchase Notice, (Y) with respect to an
Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for an Intraday VWAP Purchase that is timely delivered by the Company to the Investor in accordance
with this Agreement, as of the Intraday VWAP Purchase Commencement Time of the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such
Intraday VWAP Purchase to be effected pursuant to such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice, and (Z) with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase
Notice for a Fixed VWAP Purchase that is timely delivered by the Company to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement, as of
the Fixed VWAP Purchase Commencement Time of the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Period for such Fixed VWAP Purchase to be effected
pursuant to such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (each such VWAP Purchase Commencement Time (with respect to a VWAP Purchase Notice),
each such Intraday VWAP Purchase Commencement Time (with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice) and each such Fixed VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time (with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice), at which time all such conditions must be satisfied, a
Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time).

38

(i) Satisfaction
of Certain Prior Conditions. Each of the conditions set forth in subsections (i), (ii), and (vii) through (xiv) set forth in
Section 7.2 shall be satisfied at the applicable Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time after the Commencement Date (with the terms Commencement
and Commencement Date in the conditions set forth in subsections (i) and (ii) of Section 7.2 replaced with applicable
Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time); provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to deliver the
Compliance Certificate after the Commencement Date, except as provided in Section 6.17 and Section 7.3(x).

(ii) Initial Registration
Statement Effective. The Initial Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities included
therein filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement, and any post-effective
amendment thereto required to be filed by the Company with the Commission after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Purchase
Date pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, in each case shall have been declared effective under the Securities Act by the Commission
and shall remain effective for the applicable Registration Period, and the Investor shall be permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein,
and any Prospectus Supplement thereto, to resell (a) all of the Shares included in the Initial Registration Statement, and any post-effective
amendment thereto, that have been issued and sold to the Investor hereunder pursuant to all VWAP Purchase Notices, Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notices and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices (as applicable) delivered by the Company to the Investor prior to such applicable Purchase Date
and (b) all of the Shares included in the Initial Registration Statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, that are issuable
pursuant to the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) delivered
by the Company to the Investor with respect to a VWAP Purchase, an Intraday VWAP Purchase or a Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) to
be effected hereunder on such applicable Purchase Date.

(iii) Any
Required New Registration Statement Effective. Any New Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investor of the
Registrable Securities included therein, and any post-effective amendment thereto, required to be filed by the Company with the
Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Purchase Date for
such VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), in each case shall have been declared effective
under the Securities Act by the Commission and shall remain effective for the applicable Registration Period, and the Investor shall
be permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein, and any Prospectus Supplement thereto, to resell (a) all of the Shares included in
such New Registration Statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, that have been issued and sold to the Investor hereunder
pursuant to all VWAP Purchase Notices, Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices and Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices (as applicable) delivered by
the Company to the Investor prior to such applicable Purchase Date and (b) all of the Shares included in such new Registration
Statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, that are issuable pursuant to the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, Intraday
VWAP Purchase Notice or Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) delivered by the Company to the Investor with respect to a VWAP
Purchase, an Intraday VWAP Purchase or a Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) to be effected hereunder on such applicable Purchase
Date.

39

(iv) Delivery of
Subsequent Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions and Notice of Effectiveness. With respect to any post-effective amendment
to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to any New Registration Statement,
in each case declared effective by the Commission after the Commencement Date, the Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered
to the Companys transfer agent (a) irrevocable instructions in the form substantially similar to the Commencement Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions executed by the Company and acknowledged in writing by its transfer agent and (b) the Notice of Effectiveness,
in each case modified as necessary to refer to such Registration Statement or post-effective amendment and the Registrable Securities
included therein, to issue the Registrable Securities included therein as DWAC Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement.

(v) No Material
Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (a) receipt of any request by the Commission or
any other Governmental Entity for any additional information relating to the Initial Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus contained in any of the
foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or for any amendment of or supplement to the Initial Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment thereto, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus
contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto; (b) the issuance by the Commission or any other Governmental
Entity of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto,
any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or prohibiting or suspending the use of the Prospectus
contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or of the suspension of qualification or exemption from
qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any Proceeding
for such purpose; (c) the objection of FINRA to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or (d) the
occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition or state of facts, which makes any statement of a material fact made in
the Initial Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto, or the Prospectus contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto untrue or which requires
the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in the Initial Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus contained in any of the
foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or which requires an amendment to the Initial Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the
Prospectus contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto to comply with the Securities Act, any applicable
state securities or blue sky Laws or any other Law (other than the transactions contemplated by the applicable VWAP
Purchase Notice delivered by the Company to the Investor with respect to a VWAP Purchase, the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notice delivered by the Company to the Investor with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase, or the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase
Notice delivered by the Company to the Investor with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) to be effected hereunder on
such applicable Purchase Date and the settlement thereof). The Company shall have no Knowledge of any event that could reasonably be
expected to have the effect of causing the suspension of the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment thereto, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the prohibition or
suspension of the use of the Prospectus contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto in connection with
the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor.

40

(vi) Other Commission
Filings. The final Prospectus included in any post-effective amendment to the Initial Registration Statement, and any Prospectus
Supplement thereto, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 2.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement
after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed
VWAP Purchase (as applicable), shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 2.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement.
The final Prospectus included in any New Registration Statement and in any post-effective amendment thereto, and any Prospectus Supplement
thereto, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 2.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement after
the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP
Purchase (as applicable), shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 2.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement.
All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company
with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including all material required to have been filed pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase,
such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), shall have been filed with the Commission and, if any Registrable
Securities are covered by a Registration Statement on Form S-3, such filings shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed
for such filing under the Exchange Act.

(vii) No
Suspension of Trading in or Notice of Delisting of Common Stock. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended
by the Commission, the Trading Market (or Eligible Market, as applicable) or FINRA (except for any suspension of trading of limited
duration agreed to by the Company, which suspension shall be terminated prior to the applicable Purchase Date for such VWAP
Purchase, such Intraday VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable)), the Company shall not have received any final
and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market (or Eligible Market, as
applicable) shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to such date certain, the Common Stock is listed or quoted on any
other Eligible Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the
Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock that is continuing, the Company
shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of
the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock is being imposed or is
contemplated (unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified the Company in writing that DTC has
determined not to impose any such suspension or restriction).

41

(viii) Certain Limitations. The issuance and sale of the Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice,
Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) shall not (a) exceed, in the case of a VWAP Purchase Notice,
the VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount applicable to such VWAP Purchase Notice, in the case of an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice, the Intraday
VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount applicable to such Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice, and in the case of a Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice, the Fixed
VWAP Purchase Share Amount applicable to such Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice, (b) cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued
pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Aggregate Limit, (c) cause the Investor to beneficially own (under Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder) shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or (d) if and to the
extent the Exchange Cap is then applicable under Section 3.5, cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to
this Agreement to exceed the Exchange Cap, unless in the case of this clause (d), the Companys stockholders have theretofore approved
the issuance of such shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the applicable rules of the Trading Market.

(ix) Shares
Authorized and Delivered. All of the Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notice or Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) shall have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the
Company. All Shares relating to all prior VWAP Purchase Notices, all prior Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices and all prior Fixed VWAP
Purchase Notices required to have been received by the Investor as DWAC Shares under this Agreement prior to the applicable Purchase
Condition Satisfaction Time for the applicable VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) shall
have been delivered to the Investor as DWAC Shares in accordance with this Agreement.

(x) Bring-Down Negative
Assurance Letters; Bring-Down Comfort Letters and Compliance Certificates. The Investor shall have received (a) all Bring-Down
Negative Assurance Letters from outside counsel to the Company, which the Company was obligated to instruct its outside counsel to deliver
to the Investor prior to the applicable Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time for the applicable VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase
or Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), (b) all Bring-Down Comfort Letters from the Accountant, or a successor independent registered
public accounting firm for the Company (as applicable), which the Company was obligated to instruct such firm to deliver to the Investor
prior to the applicable Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time for the applicable VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase
(as applicable), and (c) all Compliance Certificates from the Company that the Company was obligated to deliver to the Investor prior
to the applicable Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time for the applicable VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase
(as applicable), in each case in accordance with Section 6.17.

(xi) Payment of
Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement. The Company shall have paid, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account designated by the Investor, all Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement payments that the Company
was obligated to pay to the Investor prior to the applicable Purchase Condition Satisfaction Time for the applicable VWAP Purchase,
Intraday VWAP Purchase or Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) in accordance with Section 10.1(i), each of which Additional Investor
Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement payments shall be fully earned and non-refundable as of the date such payments are made by the
Company to the Investor, regardless of whether any additional VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases or Fixed VWAP Purchases are
made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

42

Article
VIII

TERMINATION

Section 8.1.Automatic Termination. Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically
on the earliest to occur of (i) the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the Commencement Date, (ii) the
date on which the Investor shall have purchased from the Company, pursuant to all VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and Fixed VWAP
Purchases that have occurred and fully settled pursuant to this Agreement, an aggregate number of Shares for a total aggregate gross purchase
price to the Company equal to the Total Commitment, (iii) the date on which the Common Stock shall have failed to be listed or quoted
on the Trading Market or any Eligible Market for a period of one (1) Trading Day, (iv) the thirtieth (30th) Trading Day next
following the date on which, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person
commences a Proceeding against the Company, in each case that is not discharged or dismissed prior to such thirtieth (30th)
Trading Day, and (v) the date on which, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, a Custodian is appointed for the Company
or for all or substantially all of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

Section 8.2. Other
Termination. Subject to Section 8.3, the Company may terminate this Agreement after the Commencement Date effective upon ten
(10) Trading Days prior written notice to the Investor in accordance with Section 10.4; provided, however, that
(i) the Company shall have (A) paid the entire Commitment Fee (or earned portion thereof) required to be paid to the Investor
pursuant to Section 10.1(ii) of this Agreement and (B) paid the Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement, all Additional
Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement, and the QIU Fee Reimbursement payments required to be paid to the Investor pursuant to
Section 10.1(i) of this Agreement, in each case in this clause (i) prior to such termination, and (ii) prior to issuing any press
release, or making any public statement or announcement, with respect to such termination, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to consult with the Investor and its counsel on the form and substance of such press release or other disclosure.
Subject to Section 8.3, this Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of
the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent. Subject to Section 8.3, the Investor
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon ten (10) Trading Days prior written notice to the Company in
accordance with Section 10.4, if: (a) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event constituting a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred and is continuing; (b) a Fundamental Transaction shall have occurred; (c) the Initial Registration Statement and any New
Registration Statement is not filed by the applicable Filing Deadline therefor or declared effective by the Commission by the
applicable Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) therefor, or the Company is otherwise in breach
or default in any material respect under any of the other provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement, and, if such failure,
breach or default is capable of being cured, such failure, breach or default is not cured within ten (10) Trading Days after notice
of such failure, breach or default is delivered to the Company pursuant to Section 10.4; (d) while a Registration Statement, or any
post-effective amendment thereto, is required to be maintained effective pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
and the Investor holds any Registrable Securities, the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment
thereto, lapses for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order by the Commission) or such Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto otherwise
becomes unavailable to the Investor for the resale of all of the Registrable Securities included therein in accordance with the
terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, and such lapse or unavailability continues for a period of thirty (30) consecutive
Trading Days or for more than an aggregate of ninety (90) Trading Days in any 365-day period, other than due to acts of the
Investor; (e) trading in the Common Stock on the Trading Market (or if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market,
trading in the Common Stock on such Eligible Market) shall have been suspended and such suspension continues for a period of five
(5) consecutive Trading Days; or (f) the Company is in material breach or default of this Agreement, and, if such breach or default
is capable of being cured, such breach or default is not cured within ten (10) Trading Days after notice of such breach or default
is delivered to the Company pursuant to Section 10.4. Unless notification thereof is required elsewhere in this Agreement (in which
case such notification shall be provided in accordance with such other provision), the Company shall promptly (but in no event later
than twenty-four (24) hours) notify the Investor (and, if required under applicable Law, including, without limitation, Regulation
FD promulgated by the Commission, or under the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market (or Eligible Market, as
applicable), the Company shall publicly disclose such information in accordance with Regulation FD and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Trading Market (or Eligible Market, as applicable)) upon becoming aware of any of the events set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence.

43

Section 8.3. Effect
of Termination. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor (other than by mutual termination) pursuant to
Section 8.2, written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party as provided in Section 10.4 and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be terminated without further action by either party. If this Agreement is terminated as
provided in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force and effect, except that (i) the
provisions of Article V (Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company), Article IX (Indemnification), Article X
(Miscellaneous) and this Article VIII (Termination) shall remain in full force and effect indefinitely notwithstanding such
termination, and, (ii) so long as the Investor owns any Shares, the covenants and agreements of the Company contained in Article VI
(Additional Covenants) shall remain in full force and notwithstanding such termination for a period of six (6) months following such
termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no termination of this Agreement by any party shall (i)
become effective prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately following the settlement date related to any pending
VWAP Purchase, any pending Intraday VWAP Purchase or any pending Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) that has not been fully settled
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that no termination of this
Agreement shall limit, alter, modify, change or otherwise affect any of the Companys or the Investors rights or
obligations under the Transaction Documents with respect to any pending VWAP Purchase, any pending Intraday VWAP Purchase or any
pending Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable), and that the parties shall fully perform their respective obligations with respect to
any such pending VWAP Purchase, any such pending Intraday VWAP Purchase and any such pending Fixed VWAP Purchase under the
Transaction Documents), (ii) limit, alter, modify, change or otherwise affect the Companys or the Investors rights or
obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, all of which shall survive any such termination, (iii) affect any Commitment
Fee payments payable or paid to the Investor pursuant to Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii), all of which shall be fully earned by the
Investor when withheld by the Investor in accordance with Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii) (and/or when otherwise paid to the
Investor in accordance with this Section 10.1(ii), as the case may be), and shall be non-refundable, (iv) affect the Initial
Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and the QIU Fee Reimbursement payable or paid to the Investor (or the Investors
counsel), all of which Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and the QIU Fee Reimbursement shall be fully earned by the
Investor and shall be non-refundable as of the Closing Date pursuant to Section 10.1(i), regardless of whether the Commencement
shall have occurred, whether any VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases or Fixed VWAP Purchases are made or settled hereunder or
any subsequent termination of this Agreement, and (v) affect any Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement payments
payable or paid to the Investor (or the Investors counsel), all of which Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement
payments shall be fully earned by the Investor and shall be non-refundable when paid by the Company to the Investor pursuant to
Section 10.1(i), regardless of whether any additional VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases or Fixed VWAP Purchases are made or
settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 8.3 shall be deemed to release the
Company or the Investor from any liability for any breach or default under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other party of
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

Article
IX

INDEMNIFICATION

Section
9.1. Indemnification of Investor. In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement
and acquiring the Shares hereunder and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, subject to the provisions of this Section 9.1, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Investor,
each of its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, representatives, agents and advisors (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other
title), each Person, if any, who controls the Investor (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of
the Exchange Act), and the respective directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, representatives, agents and
advisors (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Investor Party), each of which shall be
an express third party beneficiary of this Article IX, from and against all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies,
damages, costs and expenses (including all judgments, amounts paid in settlement, court costs, reasonable and documented
attorneys fees and costs of defense and investigation) (collectively, Damages) that any Investor
Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements made by the Company in this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party or (b) any Proceeding (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) instituted
against such Investor Party arising out of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction
Documents, other than claims for indemnification within the scope of Section 6 of the Registration Rights Agreement; provided, however,
that (x) the foregoing indemnity shall not apply to any Damages to the extent, but only to the extent, that such Damages resulted
directly and primarily from a breach of any of the Investors representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained
in this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement, and (y) the Company shall not be liable under subsection (b) of this Section
9.1 to the extent, but only to the extent, that a court of competent jurisdiction shall have determined by a final judgment (from
which no further appeals are available) that such Damages resulted directly and primarily from any acts or failures to act,
undertaken or omitted to be taken by such Investor Party through its fraud, bad faith, gross negligence, or willful or reckless
misconduct.

44

The Company shall reimburse
any Investor Party promptly upon demand (with accompanying presentation of sufficiently detailed documentary evidence) for all reasonable
and documented legal and other costs and expenses incurred by such Investor Party in connection with (i) any Proceeding, whether at law
or in equity, to enforce compliance by the Company with any provision of the Transaction Documents or (ii) any other Proceeding, whether
at law or in equity, with respect to which it is entitled to indemnification under this Section 9.1; provided that the Investor
shall promptly reimburse the Company for all such legal and other costs and expenses to the extent a court of competent jurisdiction determines
that any Investor Party was not entitled to such reimbursement.

An Investor Partys
right to indemnification or other remedies based upon the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company set forth
in the Transaction Documents shall not in any way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of such Investor Party. Such representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements shall not be affected or deemed waived by reason of the fact that an Investor Party knew or should
have known that any representation or warranty might be inaccurate or that the Company failed to comply with any agreement or covenant.
Any investigation by such Investor Party shall be for its own protection only and shall not affect or impair any right or remedy hereunder.

To the extent that the foregoing
undertakings by the Company set forth in this Section 9.1 may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution
to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Damages which is permissible under applicable Law.

Section
9.2. Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after an Investor Party receives notice of a claim or the commencement of
an action for which the Investor Party intends to seek indemnification under Section 9.1, the Investor Party will notify the Company
in writing of the claim or commencement of the Proceeding; provided, however, that failure to notify the Company will
not relieve the Company from liability under Section 9.1, except to the extent it has been materially prejudiced by the failure to
give notice. The Company will be entitled to participate in the defense of any Proceeding as to which indemnification is being
sought, and if the Company acknowledges in writing the obligation to indemnify the Investor Party against whom the Proceeding is
brought, the Company may (but will not be required to) assume the defense against the Proceeding with counsel satisfactory to it.
After the Company notifies the Investor Party that the Company wishes to assume the defense of a Proceeding, the Company will not be
liable for any further legal or other expenses incurred by the Investor Party in connection with the defense against the Proceeding
except that if, in the opinion of counsel to the Investor Party, it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of
professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and such Investor Party. In such event, the Company
will pay the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel for all such Investor Parties promptly
as such fees and expenses are incurred. Each Investor Party, as a condition to receiving indemnification as provided in Section 9.1,
will cooperate in all reasonable respects with the Company in the defense of any action or claim as to which indemnification is
sought. The Company will not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its prior written consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. The Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Investor
Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, effect any settlement of a pending or threatened
action with respect to which an Investor Party is, or is informed that it may be, made a party and for which it would be entitled to
indemnification, unless the settlement includes an unconditional release of the Investor Party from all liability and claims which
are the subject matter of the pending or threatened action.

45

The remedies provided for
in this Article IX are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Investor Party
at law or in equity.

Article
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1. Certain Fees and Expenses;
Commitment Fee; Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions. 

(i) Certain
Fees and Expenses. Each party shall bear its own fees and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; provided, however, that the Company, (1) on or prior to the Closing Date, shall have paid to the Investor,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Investor prior to the date of this Agreement, (a)
$100,000 as reimbursement for the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of the Investors legal counsel incurred by
the Investor prior to the Closing (the Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement) and (b) $25,000
as reimbursement for fee and expense of the Qualified Independent Underwriter (the QIU Fee
Reimbursement), and (2) within ten (10) Business Days after each Representation Date (provided a Future Purchase
Suspension is not then in effect), shall have paid to the Investor, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account
designated by the Investor, an additional $7,500 per fiscal quarter as reimbursement for the reasonable fees and disbursements of
the Investors legal counsel incurred by the Investor in connection with the Investors ongoing due diligence and review
of deliverables subject to Section 6.17 (the Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement), in
each case in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, (1) the Initial Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and the QIU Fee Reimbursement shall be fully earned by
the Investor and shall be non-refundable as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether the Commencement shall have occurred, any
VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases or Fixed VWAP Purchases are effected by the Company or settled hereunder or any subsequent
termination of this Agreement and (2) each Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement payment shall be fully earned by the
Investor and shall be non-refundable when paid in accordance with this Section 10.1(i), regardless of whether any additional VWAP
Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases or Fixed VWAP Purchases are effected by the Company or settled hereunder or any subsequent
termination of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all U.S. federal, state and local stamp and other similar transfer and other
taxes and duties levied in connection with issuance of the Shares pursuant hereto. The parties acknowledge that the Initial Investor
Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement and the Additional Investor Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement payable in connection with the
Investors ongoing due diligence and review of deliverables subject to Section 6.17 are a reasonable estimate of, and are not
disproportionate to, the probable costs of preparing the Transaction Documents and are less than or equal to the probable
transaction costs of organizing a debt facility or capital raising in the amount of the Total Commitment.

46

(ii) Commitment
Fee. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall pay or shall cause
to be paid to the Investor the Commitment Fee in accordance with Section 3.4 and this Section 10.1(ii). The Company and the Investor
acknowledge and agree that the Investor shall withhold (a) an amount in cash equal to ten percent (10%) from the total aggregate VWAP
Purchase Price payable by the Investor to the Company for the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Amount in connection with each VWAP Purchase
effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, (b) an amount in cash equal to ten percent (10%) from the total aggregate Intraday
VWAP Purchase Price payable by the Investor to the Company for the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount in connection with
each Intraday VWAP Purchase effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, and (c) an amount in cash equal to ten percent (10%)
from the total aggregate Fixed VWAP Purchase Price payable by the Investor to the Company for the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share
Amount in connection with each Fixed VWAP Purchase effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, until the Investor
shall have received from such cash withholding(s) (when added together with any cash payments by the Company to the Investor that do
not arise from such withholdings that the Company directs the Investor to apply towards payment of the Commitment Fee, if any) a total
aggregate amount in cash up to $450,000, representing the entire Commitment Fee payable to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, and
upon the Investors receipt of a total aggregate amount in cash up to $450,000 from such withholdings (and/or such other cash payments
from the Company to the Investor to be applied towards payment of the Commitment Fee, if any), the Investor shall not withhold any additional
cash amounts from the purchase prices payable by the Investor to the Company in connection with any VWAP Purchase, Intraday VWAP Purchase
or Fixed VWAP Purchase effected pursuant to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all portions of the Commitment Fee, when withheld
by the Investor in accordance with Section 3.4 and this Section 10.1(ii) (and/or when otherwise paid to the Investor in accordance with
this Section 10.1(ii), as the case may be), shall be fully earned by the Investor as of the date of withholding or payment, as applicable,
and shall be non-refundable.

(iii) Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions; Notice of Effectiveness. On the Effective Date of the Initial Registration Statement and prior to
Commencement, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to its transfer agent (and thereafter, shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to any subsequent transfer agent of the Company), (i) irrevocable instructions executed by the Company and acknowledged in
writing by the Companys transfer agent (the Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions)
and (ii) the notice of effectiveness in the form attached as an exhibit to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Notice
of Effectiveness) relating to the Initial Registration Statement executed by the Companys outside counsel, in each
case directing the transfer agent to issue to the Investor or its designated Broker-Dealer at which the account or accounts to be credited
with the Shares being purchased by Investor are maintained any Registrable Securities included in the Initial Registration Statement
as DWAC Shares, if and when such Registrable Securities are issued in accordance with this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.
With respect to any post-effective amendment to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment to any New Registration Statement, in each case declared effective by the Commission after the Commencement Date, the Company
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to its transfer agent (and thereafter, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to any subsequent
transfer agent of the Company) (i) irrevocable instructions in the form substantially similar to the Commencement Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions executed by the Company and acknowledged in writing by the transfer agent and (ii) the Notice of Effectiveness, in
each case modified as necessary to refer to such Registration Statement or post-effective amendment and the Registrable Securities included
therein, to issue the Registrable Securities included therein as DWAC Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all Shares to be issued in respect of any VWAP Purchase Notice, Intraday VWAP Purchase
Notice or Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice delivered to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement shall be issued to the Investor in accordance
with Section 3.4 by crediting the Investors account at DTC as DWAC Shares, and the Company shall not take any action or give instructions
to any transfer agent of the Company otherwise. The Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, while this Agreement is effective,
no instruction other than those referred to in this Section 10.1(iii) will be given by the Company to its transfer agent, or any successor
transfer agent of the Company, with respect to the Shares from and after Commencement, and the Registrable Securities covered by the
Initial Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof, or any New Registration Statement or post-effective amendment
thereof, as applicable, shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company and no stop transfer instructions
shall be maintained against the transfer thereof. The Company agrees that if the Company fails to fully comply with the provisions of
this Section 10.1(iii) within one (1) Trading Day after the date on which the Investor has provided the deliverables referred to above
that the Investor may be required to provide to the Company or its transfer agent (if any), the Company shall, at the Investors
written instruction, purchase from the Investor all shares of Common Stock purchased or acquired by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement
that contain any restrictive legend or that have any stop transfer orders maintained that prohibit or impede the transfer thereof in
any respect at the greater of (i) the purchase price paid by the Investor for such shares of Common Stock (as applicable) and (ii) the
Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the date of the Investors written instruction.

Section 10.2. Specific Enforcement,
Consent to Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial.

(i) The Company and the
Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that either party shall
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement by the other party and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or
other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which either party may be entitled by law or
equity.

47

(ii) Each of the Company
and the Investor (a) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the U.S. District Court and other courts of the United States
sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, State of New York for the purposes of any Proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, and (b) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of such court, that the Proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the Proceeding is improper.
Each of the Company and the Investor consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing in this Section 10.2 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by Law.

(iii) EACH OF THE COMPANY
AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISPUTES RELATING HERETO. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR
ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.2.

Section 10.3. Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings between the parties, both oral
and written, with respect to such matters. There are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by either party relative
to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents. The Disclosure Schedule and all exhibits to this
Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference in, and made a part of, this Agreement as if set forth in full herein.

48

Section
10.4. Notices. Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other communication required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be effective (a) upon hand delivery or electronic mail delivery at the address or number
designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to
such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The address for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

AirJoule Technologies Corporation

34361 Innovation Drive

Ronan, Montana 59864

Telephone Number: (800) 942-3083

Email: 

stephen.pang @airjouletech.com

chad.macdonald@airjouletech.com

Attention: Stephen Pang Chief Financial Officer

Chad MacDonald Chief Legal Officer

With a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

811 Main Street, Suite 3700

Houston, Texas 77002

Telephone Number:
(713) 546-5400

Email: ryan.maierson@lw.com

john.greer@lw.com

Attention: Ryan J. Maierson, Esq.

John M. Greer, Esq.

If to the Investor:

B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC

11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 800

Los Angeles, CA 90025

Telephone Number: (310) 966-1444

Email: legal@brileyfin.com

Attention: General Counsel

With a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Reed Smith LLP

599 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Telephone Number:
(212) 521-5400

Email: amarsico@reedsmith.com

Attention: Anthony J. Marsico, Esq.

Either party hereto may from time to time change
its address for notices by giving at least five (5) days advance written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

49

Section 10.5. Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may
be waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Initial Registration
Statement is initially filed with the Commission. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement may be
waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay
in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercises thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

Section 10.6. Amendments.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding
the date on which the Initial Registration Statement is initially filed with the Commission. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto.

Section 10.7. Headings.
The article, section and subsection headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement
for any other purpose and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise,
each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including,
includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without
limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this
entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

Section 10.8. Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents. In addition, each and every reference to share prices (other than
the Threshold Price) and number of shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall, in all cases, be subject to adjustment for
any stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations and other similar transactions that occur on
or after the date of this Agreement. Any reference in this Agreement to Dollars or $ shall mean the lawful
currency of the United States of America. Any references to Section or Article in this Agreement shall, unless
otherwise expressly stated herein, refer to the applicable Section or Article of this Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates
otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms
including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed
by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words
of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

Section 10.9. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors.
Neither the Company nor the Investor may assign this Agreement or any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder to any Person.

50

Section
10.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided in Article IX, this Agreement
is intended only for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

Section 10.11. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal procedural and substantive Laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to any Laws of such state that would cause the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction.

Section 10.12. Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company and the Investor contained in this Agreement shall survive the
execution and delivery hereof until the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) the provisions of Article
V (Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company), Article VIII (Termination), Article IX (Indemnification) and this Article
X (Miscellaneous) shall remain in full force and effect indefinitely notwithstanding such termination, and, (ii) so long as the Investor
owns any Shares, the covenants and agreements of the Company and the Investor contained in Article VI (Additional Covenants), shall remain
in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination for a period of six (6) months following such termination.

Section 10.13. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile
signature or signature delivered by e-mail in a .pdf format data file, including any electronic signature complying with
the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com, www.echosign.adobe.com, etc., shall be considered due execution and shall
be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original signature.

Section 10.14. Publicity.
The Company shall afford the Investor and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, shall consult with the
Investor and its counsel on the form and substance of, and shall give due consideration to all such comments from the Investor or its
counsel on, any press release, Commission filing or any other public disclosure made by or on behalf of the Company relating to the Investor,
its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, including any press release
disclosing the execution of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement by the Company, prior to the issuance, filing or public
disclosure thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be required to submit for review any such disclosure (i) contained
in periodic reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act if it shall have previously provided substantially the same disclosure
to the Investor or its counsel for review in connection with a previous filing or (ii) any Prospectus Supplement if it contains disclosure
that does not reference the Investor, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated
thereby.

Section 10.15. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any
one or more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or
part of a provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal or
unenforceable provision, or part of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal
and enforceable to the maximum extent possible.

Section 10.16. Further
Assurances. From and after the Closing Date, upon the request of the Investor or the Company, each of the Company and the Investor
shall execute and deliver such instrument, documents and other writings as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to confirm and carry
out and to effectuate fully the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

[Signature Pages Follow]

51

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officer as of the date first above written.

THE COMPANY:

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By: /s/ Matthew B. Jore

Name: Matthew B. Jore

Title: Chief Executive Officer

THE INVESTOR:

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL CAPITAL II, LLC

By: /s/ Jimmy Baker

Name: Jimmy Baker

Title: Authorized Signatory

ANNEX I TO THE

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

2024 Form 10-K
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Commission Documents.

Accountant
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(d).

Additional Investor
Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1(i).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144.

Aggregate Limit
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Agreement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

Allowable Grace
Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Average Price
means a price per Share (rounded to the nearest tenth of a cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate gross purchase
price paid by the Investor for all Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, by (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issued pursuant
to this Agreement.

Bankruptcy Law
means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar U.S. federal or state bankruptcy Law or any Law for the relief of debtors.

Base Price
means a price per Share equal to the sum of (i) the Minimum Price and (ii) $0.04 (subject to adjustment for any reorganization, recapitalization,
non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction that occurs on or after the date of this Agreement).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.6.

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

Bring-Down Comfort
Letter shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.17.

Bring-Down Negative
Assurance Letter shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.17.

I-1

Broker-Dealer
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13.

BRS
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals.

Business Combination
Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(a)

Bylaws
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.3.

Charter
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.3.

Closing
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2.

Closing Date
means the date of this Agreement.

Closing Sale
Price means, for the Common Stock as of any date, the last closing trade price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market
(or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market), as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading
Market (or such Eligible Market, as applicable) begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade
price for the Common Stock, then the last trade price for the Common Stock prior to 4:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg.
All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or
other similar transactions during such period.

Code
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.38.

Commencement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1.

Commencement
Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1.

Commencement
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1(iii).

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor entity.

Commission
Documents shall mean (1) all reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents
filed with or furnished to the Commission by the Company pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including all
material filed with or furnished to the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, since the
Business Combination Date and prior to the date of this Agreement, including, without limitation, (A) the Companys current
report on Form 8-K, dated March 14, 2024 and filed with the Commission on March 20, 2024, including all documents, financial
statements and other information attached thereto or incorporated by reference therein as Exhibits thereto, and (B) the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed by the Company with the
Commission on or about March 25, 2025 (the 2024 Form 10-K), and which hereafter shall be filed with or
furnished to the Commission by the Company, including, without limitation, the Current Report, (2) each Registration Statement, as
the same may be amended from time to time, the Prospectus contained therein and each Prospectus Supplement thereto and (3) all
information contained in such filings and all documents and disclosures that have been and heretofore shall be incorporated by
reference therein.

I-2

Commitment Fee
means an amount in cash up to $450,000, which the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to the Investor, pursuant to, at such time(s)
and in such manner as set forth in Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii) of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Commitment
Fee shall not exceed $450,000 and no portion of the Commitment Fee shall be earned until shares of Common Stock have been sold under this
Agreement, (ii) the Company shall not be required a true-up (or similar) payment to Investor pursuant to this Agreement if less than $450,000
has been earned prior to the termination of this Agreement and (iii) all portions of the Commitment Fee, when withheld by the Investor
in accordance with Section 3.4 and Section 10.1(ii) of the Agreement or when paid to the Investor in accordance with Section 10.1(ii)
of the Agreement, as the case may be, shall be fully earned by the Investor as of the date of withholding or payment, as applicable, and
shall be non-refundable.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company which entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

Compliance Certificate
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.2(ii).

Contracts
means any legally binding contracts, agreements, subcontracts, leases, and purchase orders.

Cover Price
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4.

Current Report
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.3.

Custodian
shall mean any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.1.

Disclosure Schedule
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to Article V.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.45.

I-3

DTC
means The Depository Trust Company, a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, or any successor thereto.

DWAC
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.33.

DWAC Shares
means shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) not restricted securities
as defined in Rule 144(a)(3), (iii) freely tradable and transferable in the United States and without restriction on resale and without
stop transfer instructions maintained against the transfer thereof and (iv) timely credited by the Companys transfer agent to the
Investors (or its designated Broker-Dealer at which the account or accounts to be credited with the Shares being purchased by Investor
are maintained) specified DWAC account with DTC under its Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program, or any similar program hereafter
adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

EDGAR
means the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System.

Effective Date
means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement (or any
post-effective amendment thereto) or any New Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement
(or any post-effective amendment thereto), as applicable, the date on which the Initial Registration Statement (or any post-effective
amendment thereto) or any New Registration Statement (or any post-effective amendment thereto) is declared effective by the Commission.

Effectiveness
Deadline shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Eligible Market
means The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American (or any nationally recognized
successor to any of the foregoing).

Environmental
Laws means all Laws relating to occupational safety and health (to the extent relating to human exposure to pollutants,
contaminants, or hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes), pollution, or protection of the environment (including, without
limitation, those relating to Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials into ambient air, surface water, groundwater or land,
or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants
or hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes).

ERISA
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.38.

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(c).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Exchange Cap
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.5(a).

I-4

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) Common Stock, options or other equity incentive awards to employees, officers, directors or vendors of the Company
pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the Companys Board of Directors or a majority of the members
of a committee of the Board of Directors established for such purpose, (b) (1) any Shares issued to the Investor (or its designee) pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, (2) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents held by the Investor at any time, or (3) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion
of any Common Stock Equivalents issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities referred to in this
clause (3) have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, divestitures, licenses,
partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions approved by the Companys Board of Directors or a majority of the members
of a committee of directors established for such purpose, which acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations or
strategic transactions can have a Variable Rate Transaction component, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to
the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an asset in a business synergistic
with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities, (d) shares of Common Stock issued by the Company to the Investor (or its designee) in connection
with any equity line of credit or other continuous offering or similar offering of Common Stock (other than the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents) pursuant to one or more written agreements between the Company and the Investor or an Affiliate
of the Investor executed after the date of this Agreement (if any), whereby the Company may sell shares of Common Stock to the Investor
or an Affiliate of the Investor at a future determined price, or (e) shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in any at the
market offering or equity distribution program or similar offering of Common Stock exclusively to or through B. Riley
Securities, Inc. pursuant to one or more written agreements between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc.

FCPA
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.35.

Filing Deadline
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

FINRA Filing
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14.

Fixed VWAP Purchase
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.3.

Fixed VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time means, with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.3, 9:30:01 a.m.,
New York City time, on the applicable Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase, or such later time on such Purchase Date publicly
announced by the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the
official open of the primary (or regular) trading session on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as
applicable) on such Purchase Date.

I-5

Fixed VWAP Purchase
Ending Time means, with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.3, 3:59 p.m., New York City time, on
the applicable Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase, or such earlier time on such Purchase Date publicly announced by the Trading
Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the official close of the primary (or
regular) trading session on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such Purchase Date.

Fixed VWAP Purchase
Notice means, with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.3, an irrevocable written notice delivered
by the Company to the Investor, and received by the Investor, after 6:00 a.m., New York City time, and prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City
time, on the Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase, directing the Investor to subscribe for and purchase the specified applicable
Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount (such specified applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to automatic adjustment as set forth
in Section 3.3 as necessary to give effect to the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Share Amount for such Fixed VWAP Purchase), at the applicable
Fixed VWAP Purchase Price therefor on such Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

Fixed VWAP Purchase
Period means, with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.3, the period on the Purchase Date for such
Fixed VWAP Purchase, beginning at the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Commencement Time and ending at the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase
Ending Time on such Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase.

Fixed VWAP Purchase
Price means, with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.3, the purchase price per Share to be purchased
by the Investor in such Fixed VWAP Purchase, equal to the product of (i) 0.95, multiplied by (ii) the VWAP of the Common Stock for the
applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase Period on the applicable Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP Purchase; provided, however, that
the calculation of the VWAP for the Common Stock for the Fixed VWAP Purchase Period for a Fixed VWAP Purchase shall exclude each of the
following transactions, to the extent they occur during such Fixed VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first purchase
of Common Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated
system on such Purchase Date, and (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or regular)
trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable). All such calculations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction.

Fixed VWAP
Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.3, the total number of
Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such Fixed VWAP Purchase as specified by the Company in the applicable Fixed VWAP Purchase
Notice for such Fixed VWAP Purchase (such specified number of Shares subject to automatic adjustment as set forth in Section 3.3 as
necessary to give effect to the proper calculation of such number of Shares in accordance with this definition of Fixed VWAP
Purchase Share Amount), which total number of Shares shall equal the quotient obtained by dividing (i) $50,000, by (ii) the
Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Purchase Date for such Fixed VWAP
Purchase (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split
or other similar transaction).

I-6

Fundamental Transaction
means that (i) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (1) consolidate or merge with or into (whether
or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, with the result that the holders of the Companys capital stock
immediately prior to such consolidation or merger together beneficially own less than 50% of the outstanding voting power of the surviving
or resulting corporation, or (2) sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the
properties or assets of the Company to another Person, or (3) take action to facilitate a purchase, tender or exchange offer by another
Person that is accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (excluding any shares of Common Stock
held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender
or exchange offer), or (4) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making
or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination), or (5) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, or (ii) any person or group
(as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by
issued and outstanding Common Stock.

Future Purchase
Suspension shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.17.

GAAP
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(b).

Governmental
Entity means any United States or non-United States (a) federal, state, regional, provincial, local, municipal or
other government, (b) governmental or quasi-governmental entity of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, department,
official, or entity and any court or other tribunal) or (c) body exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive,
judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature, including any arbitral tribunal (public or private).

Hazardous Materials
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.18.

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any Person as of any time, without duplication, (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed (other
than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements, indemnities and other
contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the
Companys balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments due under
leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

I-7

Initial Comfort
Letter shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.2(xvii).

Initial Investor
Legal Fee Expense Reimbursement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1(i).

Initial Registration
Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.19.

Intraday VWAP
Purchase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.2.

Intraday VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the time that
is the latest of: (i) the VWAP Purchase Ending Time of the VWAP Purchase Period for the VWAP Purchase preceding the Intraday VWAP
Purchase Period for such Intraday VWAP Purchase occurring on the same Purchase Date as such earlier VWAP Purchase, if the Company has
timely delivered a VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor for a VWAP Purchase on such Purchase Date, (ii) the Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending
Time of the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for the most recent prior Intraday VWAP Purchase, if any, occurring on the same Purchase Date
as such Intraday VWAP Purchase, and (iii) the Investors timely receipt (acknowledged by email correspondence to each of the individual
notice recipients of the Company set forth in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice, other than via auto-reply) from the Company
of the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase on the applicable Purchase Date therefor.

Intraday
VWAP Purchase Ending Time means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the time on
the Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase that is the earliest of: (i) 3:59 p.m., New York City time, on the
applicable Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, or such earlier time publicly announced by the Trading Market (or, if the
Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the official close of the primary (or
regular) trading session on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such Purchase Date; (ii)
immediately at such time following the Intraday VWAP Purchase Commencement Time of the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such
Intraday VWAP Purchase that the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible
Market, as applicable) during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period has exceeded the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Volume
Maximum for such Intraday VWAP Purchase (taking into account the Intraday VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the
applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase); provided, however, that the calculation of
the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable)
during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period shall exclude from such calculation all shares of Common Stock traded in any of the
following transactions, to the extent they occur during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first
purchase of Common Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is
reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official
close of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date
(as applicable), and (C) provided the Company shall have specified in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice that clause (iii)
below shall not trigger the Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time for such Intraday VWAP Purchase (such specification by the Company,
whether in an Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice or in a VWAP Purchase Notice, a Limit Order Continue
Election), all sales of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such
Intraday VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold; and
(iii) provided the Company shall have specified in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice that this clause (iii) shall trigger
the Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time for such Intraday VWAP Purchase (such specification by the Company, whether in an Intraday
VWAP Purchase Notice or in a VWAP Purchase Notice, a Limit Order Discontinue Election), immediately at
such time following the Intraday VWAP Purchase Commencement Time of the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such Intraday VWAP
Purchase that the Sale Price of any share of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable)
during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period is less than the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold; provided, however, that
the determination of whether the Sale Price of any share of Common Stock traded during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period is less
than the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold shall exclude (A) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock
at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated
system on such Purchase Date and (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or
regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable). All such
calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar transaction.

I-8

Intraday
VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, such
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the lesser of: (i) one (1) million shares, and (ii) the product of (A) the Intraday VWAP
Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase,
multiplied by (B) the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is
then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) during the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such Intraday VWAP
Purchase; provided, however, that the calculation of the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on
the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period referred to in clause
(ii)(B) above shall exclude from such calculation all shares of Common Stock traded in any of the following transactions, to the
extent they occur during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (1) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock at or
following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system
on such Purchase Date, (2) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or
regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable), and (3)
provided the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such
Intraday VWAP Purchase, all sales of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such
Intraday VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold. All
such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split or other similar transaction.

Intraday VWAP
Purchase Minimum Price Threshold means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, either
(a) the dollar amount specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase as the
per share minimum Sale Price threshold to be used in determining whether the event in clause (iii) of the definition of Intraday
VWAP Purchase Ending Time shall have occurred during the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such Intraday VWAP Purchase,
if the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Discontinue Election in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday
VWAP Purchase, or (b) the dollar amount specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP
Purchase as the per share minimum Sale Price threshold to be used in determining the sales of Common Stock during the applicable Intraday
VWAP Purchase Period that shall be excluded from the calculation of the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the
Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period, if the Company shall have specified
a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase; provided, however,
that in each case if the Company has not specified any such dollar amount as the per share minimum Sale Price threshold in the applicable
Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, then the per share minimum Sale Price threshold to be used in such Intraday
VWAP Purchase shall be such dollar amount equal to the product of (a) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, multiplied by (b) 0.75. All such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted
for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction.

I-9

Intraday
VWAP Purchase Notice means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, an irrevocable
written notice from the Company to the Investor, specifying the Intraday VWAP Purchase Percentage that shall apply to such Intraday
VWAP Purchase and whether a Limit Order Continue Election or a Limit Order Discontinue Election shall apply to such Intraday VWAP
Purchase, and directing the Investor to subscribe for and purchase a specified Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount (such specified
Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to automatic adjustment as set forth in Section 3.2 as necessary to give effect to the
applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount for such Intraday VWAP Purchase), at the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Price
therefor on the Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement, that is delivered by the Company to
the Investor and received by the Investor (i) after the latest of (X) 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Purchase Date,
if the Company has not timely delivered a VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor for a VWAP Purchase on such Purchase Date, (Y) the
VWAP Purchase Ending Time of the VWAP Purchase Period for the VWAP Purchase preceding the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such
Intraday VWAP Purchase occurring on the same Purchase Date as such earlier VWAP Purchase, if the Company has timely delivered a VWAP
Purchase Notice to the Investor for a VWAP Purchase on such Purchase Date, and (Z) the Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time of the
Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for the most recent prior Intraday VWAP Purchase, if any, occurring on the same Purchase Date as such
Intraday VWAP Purchase, and (ii) prior to the earlier of (X) 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such Purchase Date and (Y)
such time that is exactly thirty (30) minutes immediately prior to the official close of the primary (or regular)
trading session on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market) on
such Purchase Date, if the Trading Market (or such Eligible Market, as applicable) has theretofore publicly announced that the
official close of the primary (or regular) trading session on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as
applicable) on such Purchase Date shall be earlier than 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Purchase Date.

Intraday VWAP
Purchase Percentage means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the percentage specified
by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, which shall not exceed 25.0%, for purposes
of calculating, among other things, the Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, the Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount and the Intraday
VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum, in each case applicable to such Intraday VWAP Purchase.

Intraday VWAP
Purchase Period means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the period on the Purchase
Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, beginning at the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Commencement Time and ending at the applicable
Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time on such Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase.

Intraday VWAP
Purchase Price means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the purchase price per Share
to be purchased by the Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase, equal to the product of (i) 0.97, multiplied by (ii) the VWAP of the Common
Stock for the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Period on the applicable Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase; provided,
however, that the calculation of the VWAP for the Common Stock for the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for an Intraday VWAP Purchase
shall exclude each of the following transactions, to the extent they occur during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable):
(A) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading
session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to
the official close of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase
Date (as applicable), and (C) provided the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable Intraday VWAP
Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, all sales of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable)
during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold
for such Intraday VWAP Purchase. All such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction.

Intraday
VWAP Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the total
number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase as specified by the Company in the applicable
Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, which total number of Shares shall not exceed the Intraday VWAP
Purchase Maximum Amount applicable to such Intraday VWAP Purchase, taking into account the Intraday VWAP Purchase Percentage
specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase (and such number of Shares
specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase shall be subject to
automatic adjustment in accordance with Section 3.2 hereof as necessary to give effect to the Intraday VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount
limitation applicable to such Intraday VWAP Purchase, taking into account the Intraday VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the
Company in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, as set forth in this Agreement).

I-10

Intraday VWAP
Purchase Share Volume Maximum means, with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Intraday VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be subscribed for and
purchased by the Investor in such Intraday VWAP Purchase, by (ii) the Intraday VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the
applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization,
non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).

Investment Period
means the period commencing on the Commencement Date and expiring on the date this Agreement is subsequently terminated pursuant to Article
VIII.

Investor
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor Party
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.1.

Issuer Covered
Person shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.45.

IT Systems
means all computer systems, Software and hardware, information technology equipment, network equipment, electronic data processing equipment,
communication equipment, networks, peripherals and other information technology systems, in each case, used and controlled, or owned,
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Knowledge
means the actual knowledge of any of (i) the Companys Chief Executive Officer, (ii) the Companys Chief Financial Officer
or (iii) the Companys Chief Administrative Officer, in each case after reasonable inquiry of all officers, directors and employees
of the Company under such Persons direct supervision who would reasonably be expected to have knowledge or information with respect
to the matter in question.

Law
means any federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, national or supranational statute, law (including common law), act, statute, ordinance,
treaty, rule, code, regulation or other binding directive issued, promulgated or enforced by a Governmental Entity having jurisdiction
over a given matter.

Limit Order Continue
Election shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time,
which election shall be applicable to an Intraday VWAP Purchase, if such election is specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday
VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, and shall be applicable to a VWAP Purchase, if such election is specified by the
Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, as the case may be.

I-11

Limit Order Discontinue
Election shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time,
which election shall be applicable to an Intraday VWAP Purchase, if such election is specified by the Company in the applicable Intraday
VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, and shall be applicable to a VWAP Purchase, if such election is specified by the
Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, as the case may be.

Material Adverse
Effect means (i) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event having, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would
likely have, any effect on the business, operations, properties or financial condition of the Company as set forth in the Commission Documents
that is material and adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any facts, circumstances, changes or effects,
individually or in the aggregate, exclusively and directly resulting from, relating to or arising out of any of the following: (a) changes
in conditions in the U.S. or global capital, credit or financial markets generally, including changes in the availability of capital or
currency exchange rates, provided such changes shall not have affected the Company in a materially disproportionate manner as compared
to other similarly situated companies, (b) changes generally affecting the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate,
provided such changes shall not have affected the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a materially disproportionate manner
as compared to other similarly situated companies, (c) any effect of the announcement of, or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement on the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries relationships,
contractual or otherwise, with customers, suppliers, vendors, bank lenders, strategic venture partners or employees, (d) changes arising
in connection with earthquakes, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening
of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions existing as of the date hereof, (e) any Law,
directive, pronouncement or guideline issued by a Governmental Entity, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the World Health
Organization or industry group providing for business closures, changes to business operations, sheltering-in-place or
other restrictions that relate to, or arise out of, an epidemic, pandemic or disease outbreak or any change in such Law, directive, pronouncement
or guideline or interpretation thereof following the date of this Agreement, (f) any action taken by the Investor, any of its officers
or the Investors Broker-Dealer, or any of such Persons successors with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and (g) the effect of any changes in applicable Laws or accounting rules, provided such
changes shall not have affected the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a materially disproportionate manner as compared
to other similarly situated companies; (ii) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event having, or insofar as reasonably can be
foreseen would likely have, any material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents
or the transactions contemplated thereby; or (iii) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event that would, or insofar as reasonably
can be foreseen would likely, prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with or delay the ability of the Company to perform any of its
obligations under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

Material Permits
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.17.

Minimum
Price means $7.17, representing the Nasdaq official closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market (as
reflected on Nasdaq.com) on the Trading Day immediately preceding date of this Agreement (subject to adjustment for any
reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction that occurs on or
after the date of this Agreement).

I-12

Money Laundering
Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.37.

MPA Period
means the period commencing at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Trading Day on which any Affiliate
of the Investor, including, without limitation, BRS, shall have published or distributed any research report (as such term is defined
in Rule 500 of Regulation AC) concerning the Company, and ending at 6:00 a.m., New York City time, on the sixth (6th) Trading
Day immediately following the Trading Day on which any Affiliate of the Investor, including, without limitation, BRS, shall have published
or distributed any research report (as such term is defined in Rule 500 of Regulation AC) concerning the Company.

New Registration
Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Non-Affiliate
Shares shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.46.

Notice of Effectiveness
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1(iii).

Order
means any outstanding writ, order, judgment, injunction, binding decision or determination, award, ruling, subpoena, verdict or decree
entered, issued or rendered by any Governmental Entity.

PEA Period
means the period commencing at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to the filing
of (i) any post-effective amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement or (ii) any New Registration
Statement, as applicable, and ending at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day immediately following, the Effective Date of
such post-effective amendment or New Registration Statement, as applicable.

Permits
means any approvals, authorizations, clearances, licenses, registrations, permits, certificates, exemptions or waivers of or issued by
a Governmental Entity.

Person
means any person or entity, whether a natural person, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company,
trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture or Governmental Entity.

Personal Data
means any data or information controlled by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that identifies any natural Person and/or any such
information as may be defined as constituting personal data, personal information, nonpublic personal
information, as they are used in applicable Privacy Laws.

Privacy and Data
Security Policies shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.40.

I-13

Privacy and Security
Requirements means any of the following to the extent relating to the Processing of Personal Data, privacy, data protection:
(a) all applicable Laws related to data privacy or data security of Personal Data, including Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d - d-8), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 17935) (Privacy Laws); and (b) material provisions of Contracts
concerning data privacy or data security of Personal Data to which the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is legally bound.

Privacy Laws
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Privacy and Security Requirements.

Proceeding
means any lawsuit, litigation, action, audit, investigation, examination, claim, complaint, charge, proceeding, suit, arbitration, investigation,
or mediation (in each case, whether civil, criminal or administrative and whether public or private) pending by or before or otherwise
involving any Governmental Entity.

Processing
means the collection, use, storage, processing, recording, distribution, transfer, import, export, protection (including security measures),
disposal or disclosure or other activity regarding data (whether electronically or in any other form or medium).

Prospectus
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Prospectus Supplement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Purchase Condition
Satisfaction Time shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.3.

Purchase
Date means, (i) with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1 or with respect to a Fixed VWAP Purchase
made pursuant to Section 3.3 (as applicable), the Trading Day on which the Investor timely receives, (A) after 6:00 a.m., New York
City time, and (B) prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day, a valid VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase
or a valid Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice for such Fixed VWAP Purchase, respectively, in each case in accordance with this Agreement,
and (ii) with respect to an Intraday VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, the Trading Day on which the Investor timely
receives a valid Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement, (A) after the latest
of (X) 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day, if the Company has not timely delivered a valid VWAP Purchase Notice to
the Investor for a VWAP Purchase on such Trading Day, (Y) the VWAP Purchase Ending Time of the VWAP Purchase Period for the VWAP
Purchase preceding the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for such Intraday VWAP Purchase occurring on the same Trading Day as
such earlier VWAP Purchase, if the Company has timely delivered a valid VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor for a VWAP Purchase on
such Trading Day, and (Z) the Intraday VWAP Purchase Ending Time of the Intraday VWAP Purchase Period for the most recent prior
Intraday VWAP Purchase, if any, occurring on the same Trading Day as such Intraday VWAP Purchase, and (B) prior to the earlier
of (X) 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day for such Intraday VWAP Purchase and (Y) such time that is exactly thirty
(30) minutes immediately prior to the official close of the primary (or regular) trading session on the Trading Market
(or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market) on such Trading Day, if the Trading Market
(or such Eligible Market, as applicable) has publicly announced that the official close of the primary (or regular)
trading session shall be earlier than 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day.

I-14

Purchase Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4.

QIU Fee Reimbursement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1(i).

Qualified Independent
Underwriter shall have the meaning assigned to such term in FINRA Rule 5121(f)(12).

Registrable Securities
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Registration
Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Registration
Rights Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Regulation D
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Release
means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing,
depositing, or dispersing in, into or through the environment, or in, into, from or through any building or structure.

Representation
Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.17.

Restricted Period
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.9(i).

Restricted Person
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.9(i).

Restricted Persons
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.9(i).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect.

I-15

Sale Price
means any trade price for a share of Common Stock on the Trading Market, or if the Common Stock is then traded on an Eligible Market,
on such Eligible Market, as reported by Bloomberg.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.36.

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(d).

Section 4(a)(2)
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Shares
shall mean the shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by the Investor under this Agreement pursuant to one or more VWAP Purchase
Notices, one or more Intraday VWAP Purchase Notices or one or more Fixed VWAP Purchase Notices.

Short Sales
shall mean short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.

Software
shall mean any and all (a) computer programs, applications and software, including any and all software implementations of algorithms,
models and methodologies, whether in source code or object code or executable code; and (b) databases and electronic compilations
of data, including any and all electronic data and collections of data, whether machine readable or otherwise.

Subsidiary
shall mean any corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interest having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time owned directly or indirectly
by the Company and/or any of its other Subsidiaries.

Threshold Price
means $1.00, which shall not be adjusted (proportionally or otherwise) for any forward stock split, reverse stock split, stock combination,
stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar transaction involving the capital stock of the Company that occurs on
or after the date of the Agreement.

Total Commitment
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Trading Day
shall mean any day on which the Trading Market or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, such Eligible Market is open
for regular trading, including any day on which the Trading Market (or such Eligible Market, as applicable) is open for
regular trading for a period of time less than the customary regular trading period.

Trading Market
means The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto).

I-16

Transaction Documents
means, collectively, this Agreement (as qualified by the Disclosure Schedule) and the exhibits hereto, the Registration Rights Agreement,
and the exhibits thereto, and each of the other agreements, documents, certificates and instruments entered into or furnished by the parties
hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any equity or debt securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents either
(A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or
quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such equity or debt securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise
or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security or upon
the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common
Stock (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not
including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar
transaction), (ii) issues or sells any equity or debt securities, including, without limitation, Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
either (A) at a price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or
upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for
the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split
or other similar transaction), or (B) that are subject to or contain any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or other similar
provision or mechanism (including, without limitation, a Black-Scholes put or call right, other than in connection with
a fundamental transaction) that provides for the issuance of additional equity securities of the Company or the payment
of cash by the Company, or (iii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at
the market offering or other continuous offering or similar offering of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, whereby the Company
may sell Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at a future determined price.

VWAP
means, for the Common Stock for a specified period, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Trading
Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market), for such period, as reported by
Bloomberg through its AQR function; provided, however, that (i) the calculation of the dollar
volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock for the VWAP Purchase Period for each VWAP Purchase shall exclude each of the
following transactions, to the extent they occur during such VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first purchase
of Common Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the
consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such
primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as
applicable), and (C) provided the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable VWAP Purchase
Notice for such VWAP Purchase, all sales of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during
such VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold for such VWAP
Purchase; (ii) the calculation of the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock for the Intraday VWAP Purchase
Period for each Intraday VWAP Purchase shall exclude each of the following transactions, to the extent they occur during such
Intraday VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock at or following the official open
of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (B)
the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or regular) trading
session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable), and (C) provided the Company shall have
specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice for such Intraday VWAP Purchase, all sales
of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such Intraday VWAP Purchase Period at a
Sale Price that is less than the applicable Intraday VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold for such Intraday VWAP Purchase; and
(iii) the calculation of the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock for the Fixed VWAP Purchase Period for each
Fixed VWAP Purchase shall exclude each of the following transactions, to the extent they occur during such Fixed VWAP Purchase
Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or
regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date, and (B) the last or
closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or regular) trading session that is
reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable). All such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for
any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction.

I-17

VWAP Purchase
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1.

VWAP Purchase
Commencement Time means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time,
on the Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, or such later time on such Purchase Date publicly announced by the Trading Market (or, if
the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the official open of the primary (or regular)
trading session on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such Purchase Date.

VWAP
Purchase Ending Time means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, the time on the Purchase
Date for such VWAP Purchase that is the earliest of: (i) 3:59 p.m., New York City time, on the applicable Purchase Date for
such VWAP Purchase, or such earlier time publicly announced by the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an
Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the official close of the primary (or regular) trading session on the
Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such Purchase Date; (ii) immediately at such time following the VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time of the VWAP Purchase Period for such VWAP Purchase that the total number (or volume) of shares of Common
Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such VWAP Purchase Period has exceeded the
applicable VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum for such VWAP Purchase (taking into account the VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by
the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase); provided, however, that the calculation of
the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable)
during such VWAP Purchase Period shall exclude from such calculation all shares of Common Stock traded in any of the following
transactions, to the extent they occur during such VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first purchase of Common
Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the
consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such
primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as
applicable), and (C) provided the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable VWAP Purchase
Notice for such VWAP Purchase, all sales of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during
such VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold; and (iii) provided
the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Discontinue Election in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase,
immediately at such time following the VWAP Purchase Commencement Time of the VWAP Purchase Period for such VWAP Purchase that the
Sale Price of any share of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such VWAP
Purchase Period is less than the applicable VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold; provided, however, that the
determination of whether the Sale Price of any share of Common Stock traded during such VWAP Purchase Period is less than the
applicable VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold shall exclude (A) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock at or following the
official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such
Purchase Date and (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or
regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable). All such
calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar transaction.

I-18

VWAP Purchase
Maximum Amount means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, such number of shares of Common Stock
equal to the lesser of: (i) one (1) million shares, and (ii) the product of (A) the VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the Company
in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, multiplied by (B) the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock
traded on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) during the VWAP Purchase
Period for such VWAP Purchase; provided, however, that the calculation of the total number (or volume) of shares of Common
Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such VWAP Purchase Period referred to in clause
(ii)(B) above shall exclude from such calculation all shares of Common Stock traded in any of the following transactions, to the extent
they occur during such VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (1) the opening or first purchase of Common Stock at or following the official
open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (2)
the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such primary (or regular) trading session
that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as applicable), and (3) provided the Company shall have specified a
Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, all sales of Common Stock on the Trading
Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable VWAP
Purchase Minimum Price Threshold. All such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash
dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction.

VWAP Purchase
Minimum Price Threshold means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, either (a) the dollar amount
specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase as the per share minimum Sale Price threshold to
be used in determining whether the event in clause (iii) of the definition of VWAP Purchase Ending Time shall have occurred
during the applicable VWAP Purchase Period for such VWAP Purchase, if the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Discontinue Election
in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, or (b) the dollar amount specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP
Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase as the per share minimum Sale Price threshold to be used in determining the sales of Common Stock
during the applicable VWAP Purchase Period that shall be excluded from the calculation of the total number (or volume) of shares of Common
Stock traded on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during such VWAP Purchase Period, if the Company shall
have specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase; provided, however,
that in each case if the Company has not specified any such dollar amount as the per share minimum Sale Price threshold in the applicable
VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, then the per share minimum Sale Price threshold to be used in such VWAP Purchase shall be
such dollar amount equal to the product of (a) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, multiplied by (b) 0.75. All such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction.

I-19

VWAP Purchase
Notice means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, an irrevocable written notice delivered by
the Company to the Investor, and received by the Investor, after 6:00 a.m., New York City time, and prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City
time, on the Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, specifying the VWAP Purchase Percentage that shall apply to such VWAP Purchase and
whether a Limit Order Continue Election or a Limit Order Discontinue Election shall apply to such VWAP Purchase, and directing the Investor
to subscribe for and purchase a specified VWAP Purchase Share Amount (such specified VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to automatic adjustment
as set forth in Section 3.1 as necessary to give effect to the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount for such VWAP Purchase), at the
applicable VWAP Purchase Price therefor on such Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

VWAP Purchase
Percentage means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, the percentage specified by the Company
in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, which shall not exceed 25.0%, for purposes of calculating, among other
things, the VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, the VWAP Purchase Share Amount and the VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum, in each case applicable
to such VWAP Purchase.

VWAP Purchase
Period means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, the period on the Purchase Date for such VWAP
Purchase, beginning at the applicable VWAP Purchase Commencement Time and ending at the applicable VWAP Purchase Ending Time on such Purchase
Date for such VWAP Purchase.

VWAP
Purchase Price means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, the purchase price per Share to
be purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, equal to the product of (i) 0.97, multiplied by (ii) the VWAP of the Common
Stock for the applicable VWAP Purchase Period on the applicable Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase; provided, however,
that the calculation of the VWAP for the Common Stock for the VWAP Purchase Period for a VWAP Purchase shall exclude each of the
following transactions, to the extent they occur during such VWAP Purchase Period (as applicable): (A) the opening or first purchase
of Common Stock at or following the official open of such primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the
consolidated system on such Purchase Date, (B) the last or closing sale of Common Stock at or prior to the official close of such
primary (or regular) trading session that is reported in the consolidated system on such Purchase Date (as
applicable), and (C) provided the Company shall have specified a Limit Order Continue Election in the applicable VWAP Purchase
Notice for such VWAP Purchase, all sales of Common Stock on the Trading Market (or on such Eligible Market, as applicable) during
such VWAP Purchase Period at a Sale Price that is less than the applicable VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold for such VWAP
Purchase. All such calculations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction.

I-20

VWAP Purchase
Share Amount means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, the total number of Shares to be purchased
by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase as specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, which
total number of Shares shall not exceed the VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount applicable to such VWAP Purchase, taking into account the VWAP
Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase (and such number of Shares
specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase shall be subject to automatic adjustment in accordance
with Section 3.1 hereof as necessary to give effect to the VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount limitation applicable to such VWAP Purchase, taking
into account the VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase, as set
forth in this Agreement).

VWAP Purchase
Share Volume Maximum means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.1, a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be subscribed for and purchased by the Investor
in such VWAP Purchase, by (ii) the VWAP Purchase Percentage specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP
Purchase (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or
other similar transaction).

I-21

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

A-1

EXHIBIT B

CLOSING CERTIFICATE

[], 2025

The undersigned, the []
of AirJoule Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), delivers this certificate in connection
with the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between the Company
and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor), and hereby certifies
on the date hereof that (capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement):

1. Attached
hereto as Exhibit A is a true, complete and correct copy of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company, as amended through the date hereof, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Certificate
of Incorporation). The Certificate of Incorporation of the Company has not been further amended or restated, and no document
with respect to any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company has been filed in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware since the date shown on the face of the state certification relating to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation,
which is in full force and effect on the date hereof, and no action has been taken by the Company in contemplation of any such amendment
or the dissolution, merger or consolidation of the Company.

2. Attached
hereto as Exhibit B is a true and complete copy of the Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as in full force and effect
on, the date hereof (the Bylaws), and no proposal for any amendment, repeal or other modification to the Bylaws
of the Company has been taken or is currently pending before the Board of Directors or stockholders of the Company.

3. The
Board of Directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; said approval has not been
amended, rescinded or modified and remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof. Attached hereto as Exhibit C are true,
correct and complete copies of the resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on [], 2025.

4. Each
person who, as an officer of the Company, or as attorney-in-fact of an officer of the Company, signed the Transaction Documents to which
the Company is a party, was duly elected, qualified and acting as such officer or duly appointed and acting as such attorney-in-fact,
and the signature of each such person appearing on any such document is his genuine signature.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
I have signed my name as of the date first above written.

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

The undersigned, the []
of AirJoule Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), delivers this certificate in connection
with the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between the Company
and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor), and hereby certifies
on the date hereof that, to the best of his knowledge after reasonable investigation, on behalf of the Company (capitalized terms used
herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement):

1.
The undersigned is the duly appointed [] of the Company.

2. Except
as set forth in the attached Disclosure Schedule, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Article V of the Agreement
(i) that are not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect are true and correct in all material
respects as of [the Commencement Date] [the date hereof] with the same force and effect as if made on [the Commencement Date] [the date
hereof], except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties
are true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (ii) that are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect are true and correct as of [the Commencement Date] [the date hereof] with the same force and effect as if made on
[the Commencement Date] [the date hereof], except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case,
such representations and warranties are true and correct as of such other date.

3. The
Company has performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company [at or prior to Commencement][on or prior
to the date hereof].

4. The
Shares issuable in respect of each VWAP Purchase Notice, each Intraday VWAP Purchase Notice and each Fixed VWAP Purchase Notice effected
pursuant to the Agreement (as applicable) shall be delivered to the Investor electronically as DWAC Shares, and shall be freely tradable
and transferable and without restriction on resale and without any stop transfer instructions maintained against such Shares.

5. As
of [the Commencement Date][the date hereof], the Company does not possess any material non-public information.

6. As
of [the Commencement Date][the date hereof], the Company has reserved out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, [] shares
of Common Stock solely for the purpose of issuing Shares pursuant to VWAP Purchases, Intraday VWAP Purchases and Fixed VWAP Purchases
effected under the Agreement.

7. No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus under the Securities Act has been issued
and no Proceedings for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act are pending before or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened by the Commission.

C-1

The undersigned has executed
this Certificate this [] day of [], 202[].

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-2

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

RELATING TO THE COMMON STOCK

PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF March 25, 2025

BETWEEN AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC 

This disclosure schedule is
made and given pursuant to Article V of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025 (the Agreement),
by and between AirJoule Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and B. Riley Principal
Capital II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms are used herein as
defined in the Agreement. The numbers below correspond to the section numbers of representations and warranties in the Agreement most
directly modified by the below exceptions.

C-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023564501ex10-2_air.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 25, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND B. RILEY PRINCIPAL CAPITAL II, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Execution
Version

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 25, 2025, is by and between B. Riley
Principal Capital II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor), and AirJoule Technologies
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company).

RECITALS

A.
The Company and the Investor have entered into that certain Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Purchase
Agreement), pursuant to which the Company may issue, from time to time, to the Investor up to the lesser of (i) $30,000,000
in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common
Stock), and (ii) the Exchange Cap (to the extent applicable under Section 3.5 of the Purchase Agreement), as provided
for therein.

B.
Pursuant to the terms of, and in consideration for the Investor entering into, the Purchase Agreement, and to induce the Investor to
execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide the Investor with certain registration rights with respect
to the Registrable Securities (as defined herein) as set forth herein.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound
hereby, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement. As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

(b)
Allowable Grace Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(p).

(c)
Blue Sky Filing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

(d)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in New
York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

(e)
Claims shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

(f)
Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor entity.

(g)
Common Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement.

(h)
Company shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

(i)
Company Party shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(b).

(j)
Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the
Commission.

(k)
Effectiveness Deadline means (i) with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed
pursuant to Section 2(a), the earlier of (A) the sixtieth (60th) calendar day immediately after the Filing Deadline with respect
to the Initial Registration Statement, if the Initial Registration Statement is subject to review by the Commission, and (B) if the Company
is notified (orally or in writing) by the Commission that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed by the Commission,
the fifteenth (15th) business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission
that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed by the Commission, and (ii) with respect to any New Registration Statements
that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of (A) the sixtieth (60th) calendar
day immediately after the Filing Deadline with respect to such New Registration Statement, if such New Registration Statement is subject
to review by the Commission, and (B) if the Company is notified (orally or in writing) by the Commission that such New Registration Statement
will not be reviewed by the Commission, the fifteenth (15th) business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing,
whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such New Registration Statement will not be reviewed by the Commission.

(l)
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder.

(m)
Filing Deadline means (i) with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant
to Section 2(a), the tenth (10th) Business Day after the date of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to any New Registration
Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the tenth (10th) Business Day following
the sale of substantially all of the Registrable Securities included in the Initial Registration Statement or the most recent prior New
Registration Statement, as applicable, or such other date as permitted by the Commission.

(n)
FINRA Filing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

(o)
Indemnified Damages shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

2

(p)
Initial Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(a).

(q)
Investor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

(r)
Investor Party and Investor Parties shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in Section
6(a).

(s)
Legal Counsel shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(b).

(t)
New Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(c).

(u)
Person means any person or entity, whether a natural person, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership,
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, governmental agency or authority.

(v)
Prospectus means the prospectus in the form included in the Registration Statement at the applicable Effective
Date of the Registration Statement, as supplemented from time to time by any Prospectus Supplement, including the documents incorporated
by reference therein.

(w)
Prospectus Supplement means any prospectus supplement to the Prospectus filed with the Commission from time
to time pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

(x)
Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement.

(y)
register, registered, and registration refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant
to Rule 415 and the declaration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the Commission.

(z)
Registrable Securities means all of (i) the Shares, and (ii) any capital stock of the Company issued or issuable
with respect to such Shares, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange
or similar event or otherwise and (2) shares of capital stock of the Company into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged
and shares of capital stock of a successor entity into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged, in each case until
such time as such securities cease to be Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(f).

(aa) Registration
Statement means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the Securities Act covering
the resale by the Investor of Registrable Securities, as such registration statement or registration statements may be amended and supplemented
from time to time, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein.

3

(bb) Registration
Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(a).

(cc) Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time,
or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of
the Company to the public without registration.

(dd) Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time,
or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the Commission providing for offering securities on a delayed or continuous basis.

(ee) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

(ff) Staff
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(c).

(gg) Violations
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

2. Registration.

(a)
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Filing Deadline,
file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement on Form S-1 (or any successor form) covering the resale by the Investor of
the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable Commission rules,
regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor under Rule 415 under the Securities
Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) (the Initial Registration Statement). The Initial
Registration Statement shall contain the Selling Stockholder and Plan of Distribution sections in substantially
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Initial Registration
Statement declared effective by the Commission as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness
Deadline.

(b)
Legal Counsel. Subject to Section 5 hereof, the Investor shall have the right to select one legal counsel to review, solely on
its behalf, any registration pursuant to this Section 2 (Legal Counsel), which shall be Reed Smith LLP, or
such other counsel as thereafter designated by the Investor. Except as provided under Section 10.1(i) of the Purchase Agreement, the
Company shall have no obligation to reimburse the Investor for any and all legal fees and expenses of the Legal Counsel incurred in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c)
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. If at any time all Registrable Securities are not covered by the Initial Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) as a result of Section 2(e) or otherwise, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the Commission one or more additional Registration Statements so as to cover all of the Registrable Securities not
covered by the Initial Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable (taking into account any position of the staff of
the Commission (Staff) with respect to the date on which the Staff will permit such additional Registration
Statement(s) to be filed with the Commission and the rules and regulations of the Commission) (each such additional Registration Statement,
a New Registration Statement), but in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline for such New Registration
Statement(s). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such New Registration Statement to become effective
as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof with the Commission, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness
Deadline for such New Registration Statement.

4

(d)
No Inclusion of Other Securities. In no event shall the Company include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any
Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 2(c) without consulting the Investor and Legal Counsel prior to filing such
Registration Statement with the Commission.

(e)
Offering. If the Staff or the Commission seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant
to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration Statement to become effective and
be used for resales by the Investor on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices),
or if after the filing of any Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 2(c), the Company is otherwise required by the
Staff or the Commission to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, then the Company shall
reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration Statement (after consultation with the Investor and Legal
Counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the Commission shall so permit
such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
if after giving effect to the actions referred to in the immediately preceding sentence, the Staff or the Commission does not permit
such Registration Statement to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415
at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), the Company shall not request acceleration of the Effective Date of such Registration
Statement, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than 48 hours) request the withdrawal of such Registration Statement pursuant
to Rule 477 under the Securities Act, and the Effectiveness Deadline shall automatically be deemed to have elapsed with respect to such
Registration Statement at such time as the Staff or the Commission has made a final and non-appealable determination that the Commission
will not permit such Registration Statement to be so utilized (unless prior to such time the Company has received assurances from the
Staff or the Commission that a New Registration Statement filed by the Company with the Commission promptly thereafter may be so utilized).
In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file one or more New Registration Statements with the Commission in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable
Securities have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the Prospectuses contained therein are
available for use by the Investor.

(f)
Any Registrable Security shall cease to be a Registrable Security at the earliest of the following: (i) when a Registration
Statement covering such Registrable Security becomes or has been declared effective by the Commission and such Registrable Security has
been sold or disposed of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement; and (ii) the date that is the later of (A) the first (1st)
anniversary of the effective date of termination of the Purchase Agreement in accordance with Article VIII of the Purchase Agreement
and (B) the first (1st) anniversary of the date of the last sale of any Registrable Securities by the Company to the Investor
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

5

3. Related
Obligations.

The
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the
intended method of disposition thereof, and, pursuant thereto, during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall have the following
obligations:

(a)
The Company shall promptly prepare and file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof and
one or more New Registration Statements pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof with respect to the Registrable Securities, but in no event later
than the applicable Filing Deadline therefor, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such Registration
Statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline
therefor. Subject to Allowable Grace Periods, the Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective (and the Prospectus contained
therein available for use) pursuant to Rule 415 for resales by the Investor on a continuous basis at then-prevailing market prices (and
not fixed prices) at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement and (ii) the date of termination of the Purchase Agreement if as of such termination date the
Investor holds no Registrable Securities (or, if applicable, the date on which such securities cease to be Registrable Securities after
the date of termination of the Purchase Agreement) (the Registration Period). Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement (but subject to the provisions of Section 3(p) hereof), the Company shall ensure that, when
filed and at all times while effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto)
and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration
Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or
necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of Prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not
misleading. The Company shall submit to the Commission, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date that the Company learns that
no review of a particular Registration Statement will be made by the Staff or that the Staff has no further comments on a particular
Registration Statement (as the case may be), a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and
date as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Rule 461 under the Securities Act.

(b)
Subject to Section 3(p) of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the Commission
such amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection with each such Registration Statement, which Prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the
Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep each such Registration Statement effective (and the Prospectus contained therein current
and available for use) at all times during the Registration Period for such Registration Statement, and, during such period, comply with
the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company required to be covered
by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the
intended methods of disposition by the Investor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company covenants and agrees that
(i) at or before 8:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of the Initial Registration
Statement and any New Registration Statement (or any post-effective amendment thereto), the Company shall file with the Commission in
accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to such Registration
Statement (or post-effective amendment thereto), and (ii) if the transactions contemplated by any one or more VWAP Purchases, any one
or more Intraday VWAP Purchases and/or any one or more Fixed VWAP Purchases are material to the Company (individually or collectively),
the material terms of which have not previously been described in the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement filed with the Commission
under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (or in any periodic report, statement, schedule or other document filed by the Company with
the Commission under the Exchange Act and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus), or if otherwise
required under the Securities Act (or the public written interpretive guidance of the Staff of the Commission relating thereto), in each
case as reasonably and mutually determined by the Company and the Investor, then, no later than (i) 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase or such Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable) and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable on the
Purchase Date for such Intraday VWAP Purchase(s), the Company shall file with the Commission a Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act with respect to such VWAP Purchase(s), such Intraday VWAP Purchase(s) and such Fixed VWAP Purchase(s)
(as applicable) requiring such filing, disclosing the total number of Shares that are to be issued and sold to the Investor pursuant
to such VWAP Purchase(s), such Intraday VWAP Purchase(s) and such Fixed VWAP Purchase(s), respectively, the total purchase price for
the Shares subject thereto, the applicable purchase price(s) for such Shares and the estimated net proceeds to be received by the Company
from the sale of such Shares. To the extent not previously disclosed in the Prospectus or a Prospectus Supplement, the Company shall
disclose in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K the information described in the immediately preceding
sentence relating to all VWAP Purchase(s), all Intraday VWAP Purchase(s) and all Fixed VWAP Purchase(s) (as applicable) effected and
settled during the relevant fiscal quarter and shall file such Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K with the
Commission within the applicable time period prescribed for such report under the Exchange Act. In the case of amendments and supplements
to any Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Prospectus related thereto which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including,
without limitation, pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K or any
analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement
and Prospectus, if applicable, or shall promptly file such amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus with
the Commission, for the purpose of including or incorporating such report into such Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company
consents to the use of the Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement thereto) included in each Registration Statement
in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act and with the securities or Blue Sky laws of the jurisdictions in
which the Registrable Securities may be sold by the Investor, in connection with the resale of the Registrable Securities and for such
period of time thereafter as such Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement thereto) (or in lieu thereof, the notice
referred to in Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with resales of
Registrable Securities.

6

(c)
The Company shall (A) permit Legal Counsel an opportunity to review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least two (2)
Business Days prior to its filing with the Commission and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including,
without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports or Prospectus Supplements the contents of which is limited to that set forth
in such reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the Commission, and (B) shall reasonably consider any
comments of the Investor and Legal Counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus
contained therein. The Company shall promptly furnish to Legal Counsel, without charge, (i) electronic copies of any correspondence from
the Commission or the Staff to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence shall
be redacted to exclude any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the same
is prepared and filed with the Commission, one (1) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s)
thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested
by the Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of the
Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the Company shall not
be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus, which may be provided in .PDF format) to Legal Counsel to the extent
such document is available on EDGAR.

(d)
Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall promptly furnish to the Investor, without
charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the Commission, at least one (1) electronic copy of each Registration Statement
and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, all exhibits thereto, (ii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement,
one (1) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such
other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time) and (iii) such other documents, including, without limitation,
copies of any final Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement thereto, as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order
to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor; provided, however, the Company shall not be required
to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus, which may be provided in .PDF format) to the Investor to the extent such document
is available on EDGAR.

(e)
The Company shall take such action as is reasonably necessary to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and
qualification applies, the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other
securities or Blue Sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions,
such amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as
may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be reasonably
necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all
other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in
any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation
in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
Legal Counsel and the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or
qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of any jurisdiction in
the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

7

(f)
The Company shall notify Legal Counsel and the Investor in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as reasonably practicable
after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the Prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain
any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and, subject to Section 3(p), promptly prepare
a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and such Prospectus contained therein to correct such untrue statement or omission
and deliver one (1) electronic copy of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel and the Investor (or such other number of copies
as Legal Counsel or the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel and the Investor in writing
(i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, when a Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel and the Investor by facsimile
or e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness), and when the Company receives written notice from the Commission that a Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment will be reviewed by the Commission, (ii) of any request by the Commission for amendments or
supplements to a Registration Statement or related Prospectus or related information, (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination
that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate and (iv) of the receipt of any request by the Commission
or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement thereto or any related Prospectus. The Company shall also advise the Investor promptly (but in no event later than one
(1) Business Day) and shall confirm such advice in writing of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event, which makes any
statement made in the FINRA Filing untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in
the FINRA Filing in order to comply with FINRA Rules 5110 and 5121. The Company shall respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to
any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto. Nothing in this Section
3(f) shall limit any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement.

(g)
The Company shall (i) use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness
of a Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an
exemption from qualification, of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is
issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible time and (ii) notify Legal Counsel and the Investor
of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding.

8

(h)
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required to be disclosed in
such Registration Statement pursuant to the Securities Act, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or
other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made
generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Company
agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental
body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investors
expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

(i)
Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
either to (i) cause all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on the Trading Market, or (ii)
secure designation and quotation of all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement on another Eligible Market.
The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section 3(i).

(j)
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor and, to the extent applicable, facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of Registrable
Securities, as DWAC Shares, to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such DWAC Shares to be in such denominations
or amounts (as the case may be) as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time and registered in such names as the Investor
may request. Investor hereby agrees that it shall cooperate with the Company, its counsel and its transfer agent in connection with any
issuances of DWAC Shares, and hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that it will resell such DWAC Shares only pursuant
to the Registration Statement in which such DWAC Shares are included, in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution
in such Registration Statement, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. At the time such DWAC Shares are
offered and sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, such DWAC Shares shall be free from all restrictive legends and may be transmitted
by the Companys transfer agent to the Investor by crediting an account at DTC as directed in writing by the Investor.

(k)
Upon the written request of the Investor, the Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of notice from the Investor
and subject to Section 3(p) hereof, (i) incorporate in a Prospectus Supplement or post-effective amendment such information as the Investor
reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation,
information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any
other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such Prospectus
Supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus Supplement or post-effective
amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement or Prospectus contained therein if reasonably requested
by the Investor.

9

(l)
Subject to the provisions in Section 3(f), the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities
covered by a Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary
to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

(m)
The Company shall make generally available to its security holders (which may be satisfied by making such information available on EDGAR)
as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form
complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of Rule 158 under the Securities Act) covering a twelve-month period beginning
not later than the first day of the Companys fiscal quarter next following the applicable Effective Date of each Registration
Statement.

(n)
The Company shall otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission
in connection with any registration hereunder.

(o)
Within one (1) Business Day after each Registration Statement which covers Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the transfer agent and legal counsel for the Company.

(p)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 3(p)), prior to the Effective
Date of a particular Registration Statement the Company may, upon written notice to the Investor, delay the initial effectiveness of
any Registration Statement, or, at any time after the Effective Date of a particular Registration Statement, the Company may, upon written
notice to Investor, suspend Investors use of any prospectus that is a part of any Registration Statement (in which event the Investor
shall discontinue sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement, but shall
settle any previously made sales of Registrable Securities) if the Company (x) is pursuing an acquisition, merger, tender offer, reorganization,
disposition or other similar transaction and the Company determines in good faith that (A) the Companys ability to pursue or consummate
such a transaction would be materially adversely affected by any required disclosure of such transaction in such Registration Statement
or other registration statement or (B) such transaction renders the Company unable to comply with Commission requirements, in each case
under circumstances that would make it impractical or inadvisable to cause any Registration Statement (or such filings) to be used by
Investor or to promptly amend or supplement any Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement on a post effective basis, as applicable,
or (y) has experienced some other material non-public event the disclosure of which at such time, in the good faith judgment of the Company,
would materially adversely affect the Company (each, an Allowable Grace Period); provided, however,
that in no event shall the Investor be suspended from selling Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement for a period
that exceeds thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days or an aggregate of ninety (90) Trading Days in any 365-day period; and provided,
further, the Company shall not effect any such suspension during (A) the first ten (10) consecutive Trading Days after the Effective
Date of the particular Registration Statement or (B) the five-Trading Day period commencing on each of (1) the Purchase Date for each
VWAP Purchase, (2) the Purchase Date for each Intraday VWAP Purchase and (3) the Purchase Date for each Fixed VWAP Purchase (as applicable).
Upon disclosure of such information or the termination of the condition described above, the Company shall provide prompt notice, but
in any event within one Business Day of such disclosure or termination, to the Investor and shall promptly terminate any suspension of
sales it has put into effect and shall take such other reasonable actions to permit registered sales of Registrable Securities as contemplated
in this Agreement (including as set forth in the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless
such material, non-public information is no longer applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3(p),
the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver DWAC Shares to a transferee of the Investor in accordance with the terms of the
Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which (i) the Company has made a sale to Investor
and (ii) the Investor has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the Prospectus included as part of the particular
Registration Statement to the extent applicable, in each case prior to the Investors receipt of the notice of an Allowable Grace
Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

10

4. Obligations
of the Investor.

(a)
At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement (or such shorter period to
which the parties agree), the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from the Investor
with respect to such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration
pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of the Investor that the Investor shall furnish to the Company
such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities
held by it, as shall be reasonably required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities
and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

(b)
The Investor, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company
in connection with the preparation and filing of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless the Investor has notified the Company
in writing of the Investors election to exclude all of the Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

(c)
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
3(p) or the first sentence of 3(f), the Investor shall immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any
Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 3(p) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment
is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(c), the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver DWAC
Shares to a transferee of the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice
from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(p) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) and for which
the Investor has not yet settled.

11

(d)
The Investor covenants and agrees that it shall comply with the prospectus delivery and other requirements of the Securities Act as applicable
to it in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.

5. Expenses
of Registration.

Each
party shall bear its own fees and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Company shall pay for all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Company; and the Investor shall pay any sales or brokerage commissions and fees and disbursements of counsel for, and
other expenses of, the Investor incurred in connection with the registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Section 2 and 3,
and all U.S. federal, state and local stamp and other similar transfer and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the sale
of the Securities pursuant hereto.

6. Indemnification.

(a)
In the event any Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement under this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each of its directors, officers, stockholders,
members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title), each Person, if any, who controls the Investor (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act), and the respective directors, officers, stockholders,
members, partners, employees, representatives, agents and advisors (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Investor
Party and collectively, the Investor Parties), each of which shall be an express third party
beneficiary of this Section 6, against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties,
charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees, costs of defense and investigation), amounts
paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any
court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the Commission, whether pending or threatened, whether or not
an Investor Party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject
insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon:
(i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other Blue Sky laws
of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) or in any Prospectus
Supplement or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and
(ii) being, collectively, Violations). Subject to Section 6(e), the Company shall reimburse the Investor
Parties, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by
them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Investor Party arising out of or based upon a Violation
which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Investor Party for such
Investor Party expressly for use in connection with the preparation of such Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement
or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the written information set forth on
Exhibit C attached hereto is the only written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for
use in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement); (ii) shall not be available to the Investor to the extent such
Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) made available
by the Company (to the extent applicable), including, without limitation, a corrected Prospectus, if such Prospectus (as amended or supplemented)
or corrected Prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d) and then only if, and to the extent that, following
the receipt of the corrected Prospectus no grounds for such Claim would have existed; and (iii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement
of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the
Investor Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

12

(b)
In connection with any Registration Statement in which the Investor is participating, the Investor agrees to severally and not jointly
indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of
its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, a Company Party), against any Claim or Indemnified
Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified
Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by the Investor expressly
for use in connection with such Registration Statement, the Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto (it being
hereby acknowledged and agreed that the written information set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto is the only written information
furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement);
and, subject to Section 6(e) and the below provisos in this Section 6(b), the Investor shall reimburse a Company Party any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by such Company Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however,
the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not
apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Investor, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and provided, further that the Investor shall be liable under this Section
6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to the Investor as a result of the applicable
sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement. Such indemnity shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Company Party and shall survive the transfer of
any of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

(c)
Promptly after receipt by an Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including, without limitation, any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Investor Party
or Company Party (as the case may be) shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section
6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to
participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to
assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Party or the Company
Party (as the case may be); provided, however, an Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) shall have the right
to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party if: (i) the indemnifying party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of
such Claim and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) in any such Claim;
or (iii) the named parties to any such Claim (including, without limitation, any impleaded parties) include both such Investor Party
or Company Party (as the case may be) and the indemnifying party, and such Investor Party or such Company Party (as the case may be)
shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Investor
Party or such Company Party and the indemnifying party (in which case, if such Investor Party or such Company Party (as the case may
be) notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, then
the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof on behalf of the indemnified party and such counsel shall
be at the expense of the indemnifying party, provided further that in the case of clause (iii) above the indemnifying party shall
not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one (1) separate legal counsel for all Investor Parties or Company
Parties (as the case may be). The Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying
party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying
party all information reasonably available to the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) which relates to such action or
Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) reasonably apprised at all times as
to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement
of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however, the indemnifying party
shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the
Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Company Party or Investor Party
(as the case may be) of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation, and such settlement shall not include any
admission as to fault on the part of the Company Party. For the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to
Sections 6(a) and 6(b) hereof. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all
rights of the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating
to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable
time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Investor Party or Company
Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and adversely prejudiced
in its ability to defend such action.

13

(d)
No Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities who is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to indemnification from any Person involved in such sale
of Registrable Securities who is not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e)
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred; provided that any Person receiving any payment
pursuant to this Section 6 shall promptly reimburse the Person making such payment for the amount of such payment to the extent a court
of competent jurisdiction determines that such Person receiving such payment was not entitled to such payment.

(f)
The indemnity and contribution agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Company
Party or Investor Party against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law.

7. Contribution.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however: (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for
indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable
Securities which Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) in connection
with such sale shall be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the amount
of net proceeds received by such seller from the applicable sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, the Investor shall not be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess
of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by the Investor from the applicable sale of the Registrable Securities subject
to the Claim exceeds the amount of any damages that the Investor has otherwise been required to pay, or would otherwise be required to
pay under Section 6(b), by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

14

8. Reports
Under the Exchange Act.

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144, the Company agrees to:

(a)
use its commercially reasonable efforts to make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule
144;

(b)
use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the
Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood
that nothing herein shall limit any of the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and
other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144;

(c)
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company,
if true, that it has complied with the reporting, submission and posting requirements of Rule 144 and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of
the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company with the Commission
if such reports are not publicly available via EDGAR, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor
to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration; and

(d)
take such additional action as is reasonably requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant
to Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions
to the Companys transfer agent as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate
with Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

9. Assignment
of Registration Rights.

Neither
the Company nor the Investor shall assign this Agreement or any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder; provided,
however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby
the Company remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction shall not be deemed an assignment.

10. Amendment
or Waiver.

No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding
the date on which the Initial Registration Statement is initially filed with the Commission. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
no provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other
than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise
any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a
waiver thereof.

15

11. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Solely for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed
to own of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more
Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received
from such record owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b)
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be given
in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Purchase Agreement.

(c)
Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. The Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur
in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that either party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of
the provisions of this Agreement by the other party and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which
either party may be entitled by law or equity.

(d)
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any law or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable
in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement
in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

16

(e)
The Transaction Documents set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties solely with respect to the subject matter thereof
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings between the parties, both oral and written,
solely with respect to such matters. There are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by either party relative to subject
matter hereof not expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary and without
implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit, modify or affect in any manner
whatsoever (i) the conditions precedent to a VWAP Purchase, an Intraday VWAP Purchase and a Fixed VWAP Purchase contained in Article
VII of the Purchase Agreement or (ii) any of the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement.

(f)
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors. This Agreement is
not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective successors
and the Persons referred to in Sections 6 and 7 hereof.

(g)
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Unless
the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and
plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall
be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder,
hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(h)
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile signature
or signature delivered by e-mail in a .pdf format data file, including any electronic signature complying with the U.S.
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com, www.echosign.adobe.com, etc., shall be considered due execution and shall be binding
upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original signature.

(i)
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j)
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Investor and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

THE COMPANY:

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By: /s/
Matthew B. Jore

Name: Matthew B. Jore

Title: Chief Executive Officer

18

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Investor and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

THE INVESTOR:

B. RILEY PRINCIPAL CAPITAL II, LLC

By: /s/
Jimmy Baker

Name: Jimmy Baker

Title: Authorized Signatory

19

EXHIBIT
A

SELLING
STOCKHOLDER

This
prospectus relates to the offer and sale by B. Riley Principal Capital II of up to [] shares of our Class A common stock that
may be issued by us to B. Riley Principal Capital II under the Purchase Agreement. For additional information regarding the shares of
our Class A common stock included in this prospectus, see the section titled Committed Equity Financing above. We are registering
the shares of our Class A common stock included in this prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement we
entered into with B. Riley Principal Capital II on March 25, 2025 in order to permit the selling stockholder to offer the shares included
in this prospectus for resale from time to time. Except for the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement and as set forth in the section titled Plan of Distribution (Conflict of Interest) in this prospectus,
B. Riley Principal Capital II has not had any material relationship with us within the past three years. As used in this prospectus,
the term selling stockholder means B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC.

The
table below presents information regarding the selling stockholder and the shares of our Class A common stock that may be resold by the
selling stockholder from time to time under this prospectus. This table is prepared based on information supplied to us by the selling
stockholder, and reflects holdings as of [], 2025. The number of shares in the column Maximum Number of Shares of Class
A Common Stock to be Offered Pursuant to this Prospectus represents all of the shares of our Class A common stock being offered
for resale by the selling stockholder under this prospectus. The selling stockholder may sell some, all or none of the shares being offered
for resale in this offering. We do not know how long the selling stockholder will hold the shares before selling them and, except as
set forth in the section titled Plan of Distribution (Conflict of Interest) in this prospectus, we are not aware of any
existing arrangements between the selling stockholder and any other stockholder, broker, dealer, underwriter or agent relating to the
sale or distribution of the shares of our Class A common stock being offered for resale by this prospectus.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d) promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and includes shares of our Class
A common stock with respect to which the selling stockholder has sole or shared voting and investment power. The percentage of shares
of our Class A common stock beneficially owned by the selling stockholder prior to the offering shown in the table below is based on
an aggregate of [] shares of our Class A common stock outstanding on [], 2025. Because the purchase price to be paid by
the selling stockholder for shares of our Class A common stock, if any, that we may elect to sell to the selling stockholder in one or
more VWAP Purchases, one or more Intraday VWAP Purchases and/or one or more Fixed VWAP Purchases from time to time under the Purchase
Agreement will be determined on the applicable Purchase Dates therefor, the actual number of shares of our Class A common stock that
we may sell to the selling stockholder under the Purchase Agreement may be fewer than the number of shares being offered for resale under
this prospectus. The fourth column assumes the resale by the selling stockholder of all of the shares of our Class A common stock being
offered for resale pursuant to this prospectus.

20

Name
of Selling Stockholder 

Number
of Shares of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering 

Maximum
Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock to be Offered Pursuant to this Prospectus 

Number
of Shares of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned After Offering(3) 

Number(1) Percent(2) Number Percent 

B.
Riley Principal Capital II, LLC(4) 0 -- [] 0 -- 

(1) In
accordance with Rule 13d-3(d) under the Exchange Act, we have excluded from the number of
shares of Class A common stock beneficially owned prior to the offering all of the shares
that B. Riley Principal Capital II may be required to purchase under the Purchase Agreement,
because the issuance of such shares is solely at our discretion and is subject to conditions
contained in the Purchase Agreement, the satisfaction of which are entirely outside of B.
Riley Principal Capital IIs control, including the registration statement that includes
this prospectus becoming and remaining effective. Furthermore, the VWAP Purchases, the Intraday
VWAP Purchases and the Fixed VWAP Purchases of our Class A common stock under the Purchase
Agreement are subject to certain agreed upon maximum amount limitations set forth in the
Purchase Agreement. Also, the Purchase Agreement prohibits us from issuing and selling any
shares of our Class A common stock to B. Riley Principal Capital II to the extent such shares,
when aggregated with all other shares of our Class A common stock then beneficially owned
by B. Riley Principal Capital II, would cause B. Riley Principal Capital IIs beneficial
ownership of our Class A common stock to exceed the 4.99% Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
The Purchase Agreement also prohibits us from issuing or selling shares of our Class A common
stock under the Purchase Agreement in excess of the 19.99% Exchange Cap, unless we obtain
stockholder approval to do so, or unless the average price for all shares of our Class A
common stock purchased by B. Riley Principal Capital II under the Purchase Agreement equals
or exceeds $[] per share, such that the Exchange Cap limitation would not apply under
applicable Nasdaq rules. Neither the Beneficial Ownership Limitation nor the Exchange Cap
(to the extent applicable under Nasdaq) may be amended or waived under the Purchase Agreement.

(2) Applicable
percentage ownership is based on [] shares of our Class A common stock outstanding
as of [], 2025.

(3) Assumes
the sale of all shares of our Class A common stock being offered for resale pursuant to this
prospectus.

(4) The
business address of B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (BRPC II) is 11100 Santa
Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California 90025. BRPC IIs principal business
is that of a private investor. BRPC II is a wholly owned subsidiary of B. Riley Securities
Holdings, LLC (BRSH). As a result, BRSH may be deemed to indirectly beneficially
own securities held of record by BRPC II. BRSH expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of
securities held of record by BRPC II, except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein.
All voting and investment decisions with respect to securities held of record by BRPC II
are made by majority vote of an investment policy committee of BRPC II composed of three
individuals, each of whom is not involved in the management of BRSH and at least two of whom
are not affiliates or associated persons of B. Riley Securities, Inc. (BRS),
a registered broker-dealer and member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
(FINRA), and a wholly owned subsidiary of BRSH. We have been advised that neither
BRSH nor BRPC II is a FINRA member or an independent broker-dealer. Because each of BRPC
II and BRS is a wholly owned subsidiary of BRSH, BRPC II is deemed to be an affiliate of
BRS. BRS will act as an executing broker that will effectuate resales of our Class A common
stock that may be acquired by BRPC II from us pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to the public
in this offering. See Plan of Distribution (Conflict of Interest) for more
information about the relationship between BRPC II and BRS.

21

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICT OF INTEREST)

The
shares of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus are being offered by the selling stockholder, B. Riley Principal Capital
II, LLC. The shares may be sold or distributed from time to time by the selling stockholder directly to one or more purchasers
or through brokers, dealers, or underwriters who may act solely as agents at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices
related to the prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices, or at fixed prices, which may be changed. The sale of the shares of our
Class A common stock offered by this prospectus could be effected in one or more of the following methods:

ordinary
brokers transactions; 

transactions
involving cross or block trades; 

through
brokers, dealers, or underwriters who may act solely as agents; 

at
the market into an existing market for our Class A common stock; 

in
other ways not involving market makers or established business markets, including direct
sales to purchasers or sales effected through agents; 

in
privately negotiated transactions; or 

any
combination of the foregoing. 

In
order to comply with the securities laws of certain states, if applicable, the shares may be sold only through registered or licensed
brokers or dealers. In addition, in certain states, the shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale
in the state or an exemption from the states registration or qualification requirement is available and complied with.

B.
Riley Principal Capital II is an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act.

B.
Riley Principal Capital II has informed us that it presently anticipates using, but is not required to use, B. Riley Securities, Inc.
(BRS), a registered broker-dealer and FINRA member and an affiliate of B. Riley Principal Capital II, as a broker to effectuate
resales, if any, of our Class A common stock that it may acquire from us pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and that it may also engage
one or more other registered broker-dealers to effectuate resales, if any, of such Class A common stock that it may acquire from us.
Such resales will be made at prices and at terms then prevailing or at prices related to the then current market price. Each such registered
broker-dealer will be an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act. B. Riley Principal Capital II has
informed us that each such broker-dealer it engages to effectuate resales of our Class A common stock on its behalf, excluding BRS, may
receive commissions from B. Riley Principal Capital II for executing such resales for B. Riley Principal Capital II and, if so, such
commissions will not exceed customary brokerage commissions.

22

B.
Riley Principal Capital II is an affiliate of BRS, a registered broker-dealer and FINRA member, which will act as an executing broker
that will effectuate resalesof our Class A common stock
that may be acquired by B. Riley Principal Capital II from us pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to the public in this offering. Because
B. Riley Principal Capital II will receive all the net proceeds from such resales of our Class A common stock made to the public through
BRS, BRS is deemed to have a conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. Consequently, this offering will
be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121, which requires that a qualified independent underwriter,
as defined in FINRA Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration statement that includes this prospectus and exercise
the usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. Accordingly, we have engaged [], a
registered broker-dealer and FINRA member ([]), to be the qualified
independent underwriter in this offering and, in such capacity, participate in the preparation of the registration statement that includes
this prospectus and exercise the usual standards of due diligence with respect thereto. B. Riley Principal Capital II has
agreed to pay [] a cash fee of $50,000 upon the completion of this offering as consideration for its services and to reimburse
[] up to $5,000 for expenses incurred in connection with acting as the qualified independent underwriter in this offering. While
we are not obligated to pay any such fees or expense reimbursement directly to [], we have agreed to pay or cause to be paid to
B. Riley Principal Capital II $25,000 in cash upon execution of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement as reimbursement
of a portion of the fees and expenses payable by B. Riley Principal Capital II to [] for acting as the qualified independent underwriter
in connection with this offering. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110, such cash fee and expense reimbursement to be paid by B. Riley
Principal Capital II to [] for acting as the qualified independent underwriter in this offering, including $25,000 reimbursement
from us for a portion of the fees and expenses of [] paid by B. Riley Principal Capital II, are deemed to be underwriting compensation
in connection with sales of our Class A Common Stock by B. Riley Principal Capital II to the public. [] will receive no other
compensation for acting as the qualified independent underwriter in this offering. In accordance
with FINRA Rule 5121, BRS is not permitted to sell shares of our Class A common stock in this offering to an account over which it exercises
discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.

Except
as set forth above, we know of no existing arrangements between the selling stockholder and any other stockholder, broker, dealer, underwriter
or agent relating to the sale or distribution of the shares of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus.

Brokers,
dealers, underwriters or agents participating in the distribution of the shares of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus
may receive compensation in the form of commissions, discounts, or concessions from the purchasers, for whom the broker-dealers may act
as agent, of the shares sold by the selling stockholder through this prospectus. The compensation paid to any such particular broker-dealer
by any such purchasers of shares of our Class A common stock sold by the selling stockholder may be less than or in excess of customary
commissions. Neither we nor the selling stockholder can presently estimate the amount of compensation that any agent will receive
from any purchasers of shares of our Class A common stock sold by the selling stockholder.

We
may from time to time file with the SEC one or more supplements to this prospectus or amendments to the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part to amend, supplement or update information contained in this prospectus, including, if and when required
under the Securities Act, to disclose certain information relating to a particular sale of shares offered by this prospectus by the selling
stockholder, including with respect to any compensation paid or payable by the selling stockholder to any brokers, dealers, underwriters
or agents that participate in the distribution of such shares by the selling stockholder, and any other related information required
to be disclosed under the Securities Act.

23

We
will pay the expenses incident to the registration under the Securities Act of the offer and sale of the shares of our Class A common
stock covered by this prospectus by the selling stockholder.

As
consideration for its irrevocable commitment to purchase our Class A common stock at our direction under the Purchase Agreement, we have
agreed to pay B. Riley Principal Capital II a cash commitment fee in the amount of $450,000, which is equal to 1.5% of B. Riley Principal
Capital IIs $30,000,000 total dollar amount purchase commitment under the Purchase Agreement. The cash commitment fee will be
paid by B. Riley Principal Capital II withholding cash amounts equal to 10% of the total aggregate purchase price payable by B. Riley
Principal Capital II to us in connection with each purchase of shares of our Class A common stock effected under the Purchase Agreement,
until such time as B. Riley Principal Capital II shall have received from such cash withholding(s) (and any other cash payment(s) from
us to B. Riley Principal Capital II that do not arise from any such cash withholding(s) that we direct B. Riley Principal Capital II
to apply towards payment of such cash commitment fee, if any), a total aggregate amount in cash equal to $450,000, representing the entire
cash commitment fee payable to B. Riley Principal Capital II pursuant to this Agreement. In accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110, the $450,000 cash commitment fee is deemed to be underwriting compensation
in connection with sales of our Class A common stock by B. Riley Principal Capital II to the public. 

In
addition, we have agreed to reimburse B. Riley Principal Capital II for the reasonable legal fees and disbursements of B. Riley Principal
Capital IIs legal counsel in an amount not to exceed (i) $100,000 upon our execution of the Purchase Agreement and Registration
Rights Agreement and (ii) $7,500 per fiscal quarter, in each case in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110, these reimbursed fees
and expenses are deemed to be underwriting compensation in connection with sales of our Class A common stock by B. Riley Principal Capital
II to the public. Moreover, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110, the 3.0% fixed discount to current market prices of our Class A common
stock reflected in the purchase prices payable by B. Riley Principal Capital II for our Class A common stock that we may require it to
purchase from us from time to time in one or more VWAP Purchases and/or one or more Intraday VWAP Purchases under the Purchase Agreement,
and the 5.0% fixed discount to current market prices of our Class A common stock reflected in the purchase prices payable by B. Riley
Principal Capital II for our Class A common stock that we may require it to purchase from us from time to time in one or more Fixed VWAP
Purchases under the Purchase Agreement, in each case are deemed to be underwriting compensation in connection with sales of our Class
A common stock by B. Riley Principal Capital II to the public.

We
also have agreed to indemnify B. Riley Principal Capital II and certain other persons against certain liabilities in connection with
the offering of shares of our Class A common stock offered hereby, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act or, if such
indemnity is unavailable, to contribute amounts required to be paid in respect of such liabilities. B. Riley Principal Capital
II has agreed to indemnify us against liabilities under the Securities Act that may arise from certain written information furnished
to us by B. Riley Principal Capital II specifically for use in this prospectus or, if such indemnity is unavailable, to contribute amounts
required to be paid in respect of such liabilities. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be
permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC this indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore, unenforceable.

24

We
estimate that the total expenses for the offering will be approximately $[].

B.
Riley Principal Capital II has represented to us that at no time prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement has B. Riley Principal Capital
II, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by B. Riley Principal Capital II, engaged in or effected, in any manner
whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for B. Riley Principal Capital IIs own principal account or for the principal account of any
such entity managed or controlled by B. Riley Principal Capital II, any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation
SHO of the Exchange Act) of our Class A common stock or any hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect
to our common stock that remained in effect as of the date of the Purchase Agreement. B. Riley Principal Capital II has agreed that during
the term of the Purchase Agreement, none of B. Riley Principal Capital II, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by
B. Riley Principal Capital II, will enter into or effect, directly or indirectly, any of the foregoing transactions either for B. Riley
Principal Capital IIs own principal account or for the principal account of any such entity managed or controlled by B. Riley
Principal Capital II.

We
have advised the selling stockholder that it is required to comply with Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act. With certain
exceptions, Regulation M precludes the selling stockholder, any affiliated purchasers, and any broker-dealer or other person who participates
in the distribution from bidding for or purchasing or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase any security which is the
subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. Regulation M also prohibits any bids or purchases made in order
to stabilize the price of a security in connection with the distribution of that security. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability
of the securities offered by this prospectus.

This
offering will terminate on the date that all shares of our Class A common stock offered by this prospectus have been sold by the selling
stockholder.

Our
Class A common stock is currently listed on Nasdaq under the symbol AIRJ.

B.
Riley Principal Capital II and/or one or more of its affiliates has provided, currently provides and/or from time to time in the future
may provide various investment banking and other financial services for us and/or one or more of our affiliates that are unrelated to
the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the offering of shares for resale by B. Riley Principal Capital II to which
this prospectus relates, for which investment banking and other financial services they have received and may continue to receive customary
fees, commissions and other compensation from us, aside from any discounts, fees and other compensation that B. Riley Principal Capital
II has received and may receive in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, including
(i) the $450,000 cash commitment fee we have agreed to pay or cause to be paid to B. Riley Principal Capital II as consideration for
its irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of our Class A common stock from us at our direction under the Purchase Agreement, (ii)
the 3.0% fixed discount to current market prices of our Class A common stock reflected in the purchase prices payable by B. Riley Principal
Capital II for our Class A common stock that we may require it to purchase from us from time to time in one or more VWAP Purchases and/or
one or more Intraday VWAP Purchases under the Purchase Agreement, (iii) the 5.0% fixed discount to current market prices of our Class
A common stock reflected in the purchase prices payable by B. Riley Principal Capital II for our Class A common stock that we may require
it to purchase from us from time to time in one or more Fixed VWAP Purchases under the Purchase Agreement, (iv) our reimbursement of
B. Riley Principal Capital IIs legal fees up to $190,000 in the aggregate ($100,000 upon
execution of the Purchase Agreement and $7,500 per fiscal quarter for the maximum three
year term of the Purchase Agreement) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement, and (v) the cash payment of $25,000 payment we have agreed to pay or cause to be paid to B. Riley Principal Capital
II as reimbursement for a portion of the fees and expenses of [], the qualified independent
underwriter in this offering, which are payable by B. Riley Principal Capital II to [].

The
total underwriting compensation to be received by all participating FINRA members, in the aggregate, in connection with this offering,
as determined under FINRA Rule 5110, will not exceed 8.0% of the maximum aggregate offering price of all shares of our Class A common
stock that may be resold by B. Riley Principal Capital II to the public through this prospectus. Accordingly, the total amount of any
specific item of underwriting compensation described herein that may be received by any participating FINRA member in connection with
this offering shall, in each case, be subject to the limitation on the total underwriting compensation to be received by all participating
FINRA members, in the aggregate, in connection with this offering, as determined under FINRA Rule 5110, described in the immediately
preceding sentence.

25

EXHIBIT
C

The
business address of B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (BRPC II) is 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California
90025. BRPC IIs principal business is that of a private investor. BRPC II is a wholly owned subsidiary of B. Riley Securities
Holdings, LLC (BRSH). As a result, BRSH may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held of record by BRPC
II. BRSH expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of securities held of record by BRPC II, except to the extent of its pecuniary interest
therein. All voting and investment decisions with respect to securities held of record by BRPC II are made by majority vote of an investment
policy committee of BRPC II composed of three individuals, each of whom is not involved in the management of BRSH and at least two of
whom are not affiliates or associated persons of B. Riley Securities, Inc. (BRS), a registered broker-dealer and member
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA), and a wholly owned subsidiary of BRSH. Neither BRSH nor BRPC
II is a FINRA member or an independent broker-dealer. Because each of BRPC II and BRS is a wholly owned subsidiary of BRSH, BRPC II is
deemed to be an affiliate of BRS. BRS will act as an executing broker that will effectuate resales of the Companys Class A common
stock that may be acquired by BRPC II from the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to the public in this offering.

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>airj-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>airj-20250325_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>airj-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>airj-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41151

Entity Registrant Name AirJoule Technologies Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001855474

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2962208

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 34361 Innovation Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Ronan

Entity Address, State or Province MT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 59864

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 942-3083

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol AIRJ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase Class A common stock

Trading Symbol AIRJW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIRJ_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIRJ_WarrantsToPurchaseClassCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://air.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

airj-20250325.xsd 
airj-20250325_def.xml 
airj-20250325_lab.xml 
airj-20250325_pre.xml 
ea023564501-8k_air.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-002249-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea023564501-8k_air_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855474 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

0001855474 

AIRJ:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

0001855474 

AIRJ:WarrantsToPurchaseClassCommonStockMember 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855474 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
AirJoule Technologies Corporation 
DE 
001-41151 
86-2962208 
34361 Innovation Drive 
Ronan 
MT 
59864 
(800) 
942-3083 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
AIRJ 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase Class A common stock 
AIRJW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>