<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-006154.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-006154.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127085257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-006154
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Spade Acquisition II Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002025065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42258
		FILM NUMBER:		25555861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 2902, 29/F, THE CENTRIUM
		STREET 2:		60 WYNDHAM STREET
		CITY:			CENTRAL, HONG KONG
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			-
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 3955 1316

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 2902, 29/F, THE CENTRIUM
		STREET 2:		60 WYNDHAM STREET
		CITY:			CENTRAL, HONG KONG
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			-
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202506500-00000000000000020250652025-01-272025-01-270002025065us-gaap:CommonClassAMember2025-01-272025-01-270002025065BSII:RedeemablewarrantseachwholewarrantexercisableforoneClassAordinaryshareatanexercisepriceofdollar1150includedaspartoftheunitsMember2025-01-272025-01-270002025065BSII:UnitseachconsistingofoneClassAordinaryshareandonethirdofoneredeemablewarrantMember2025-01-272025-01-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

January 27, 2025

BLACK SPADE
ACQUISITION II CO

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42258 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

Suite 2902, 29/F, The Centrium, 60 Wyndham Street,

Central,
Hong Kong N/A

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: + 8523955 1316

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on

which registered

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, included as part of the units BSII The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50, included as part of the units BSIIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant BSIIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into A Material
Definitive Agreement.

Business Combination Agreement

On January 27, 2025, Black Spade Acquisition
II Co, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Cayman Islands (Black Spade II or the Company)
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement) with World Media and Entertainment Universal
Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands, (WME) and WME Merger
Sub Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary
of WME (Merger Sub), pursuant to which, among other transactions, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein,
Merger Sub will merge with and into Black Spade II (Merger), with Black Spade II surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of WME. The Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are hereinafter referred to
as the Business Combination.

The Business Combination

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
among other things, prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Merger Effective Time), (i) the fourth amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association of WME (Listing Articles) will be adopted and become effective, (ii) WME
will re-designate (x) each ordinary share of WME (other than non-voting ordinary shares) that is not held by AMTD Digital Inc. (AMTD
Digital) into one Class A ordinary share of WME (WME Class A Ordinary Share), (y) each ordinary share
of WME (other than non-voting ordinary shares) that is held by AMTD Digital into one Class B ordinary share of WME (WME Class B
Ordinary Share) and (z) each non-voting ordinary share of WME into one non-voting preferred share of WME (WME Preferred
Share) and (iii) immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, WME will effect a share consolidation or subdivision such
that (x) each WME Class A Ordinary Share will be consolidated or divided into a number of WME Class A Ordinary Shares equal
to the Adjustment Factor (as defined below), (y) each WME Class B Ordinary Share will be consolidated or divided into a number
of WME Class B Ordinary Shares equal to the Adjustment Factor and (z) each WME Preferred Share will be consolidated or divided
into a number of WME Preferred Shares equal to the Adjustment Factor (as defined below) (the actions described in item (iii), the Recapitalization).
The Adjustment Factor is a number resulting from dividing the Per Share WME Equity Value by $10.00. The Per Share
WME Equity Value is obtained by dividing (a) the equity value of WME (being $488,000,000) by (b) the aggregate number
of ordinary shares of WME issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Recapitalization.

At
the Merger Effective Time and as a result of the Merger, (i) each Class B ordinary share of Black Spade II, par value $0.0001
per share (BSII Class B Ordinary Shares) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time
will be automatically cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one WME Class A Ordinary Share; (ii) each Class A
ordinary share of Black Spade II, par value $0.0001 per share (BSII Class A Ordinary Share) that is issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time (other than such BSII Class A Ordinary Shares that are treasury shares,
validly redeemed shares or BSII Dissenting Shares (as defined below)) will be cancelled in exchange for the right to
receive one WME Class A Ordinary Share; (iii) each BSII Class A Ordinary Share that is held as a treasury share will be
cancelled and cease to exist; (iv) each issued and outstanding BSII Class A Ordinary Share that is validly redeemed will be
cancelled in exchange for the right to be paid a pro rata share of the aggregate amount payable with respect to the
Black Spade II Shareholder Redemption; and (v) each issued and outstanding BSII Class A Ordinary Share that is held by any person
who has validly exercised and not effectively withdrawn or lost their right to dissent from the Merger in accordance with Section 238
of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (BSII Dissenting Share) will be cancelled and carry no right other
than the right to receive the payment of the fair value of such BSII Dissenting Share determined in accordance with Section 238 of
the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

2

At the Merger Effective Time, each issued and outstanding
warrant of Black Spade II sold to the public and to Black Spade Sponsor LLC II, a limited liability company registered under the laws
of the Cayman Islands (Sponsor), in a private placement in connection with Black Spade IIs initial public offering
will be exchanged for a corresponding warrant exercisable for WME Class A Ordinary Shares (WME Warrants).

The Business Combination has been approved by the
boards of directors of both Black Spade II and WME.

Conditions to Closing

The consummation of the Business Combination (the
Closing and the date of the Closing, the Closing Date) is conditioned upon, among other things: (i) the
approval for listing of WME Class A Ordinary Shares and WME Warrants to be issued in connection with the Business Combination on
the Nasdaq Stock Market or (if notified by the Company to Black Spade II no later than 30 days from the date of the Business Combination
Agreement) New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) (each, a Qualified Stock Exchange); (ii) the absence of any
law or governmental order enjoining, prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Business Combination; (iv) the receipt
of the required approval by the Black Spade II shareholders; (v) the receipt of the required approval by the WME shareholders; and
(vi) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined below) in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) and the absence of any stop order issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
with respect to the Registration Statement.

The obligations of Black Spade II to consummate
the Business Combination are also conditioned upon, among other things: (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of WME
(subject to certain materiality standards set forth in the Business Combination Agreement); (ii) the material compliance by WME with its
pre-closing covenants; (iii) the absence of any event since the date of the Business Combination Agreement that has had, or would reasonably
be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of WME and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole (subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement); (iv) no revocation, supplement or amendment
of the letter of support which has been duly executed by AMTD Digital in favor of WME; and (v) no revocation, supplement or amendment
of a certain intellectual property license by AMTD Group Inc. in favor of WME and a certain confirmatory assignment agreement by a third
party in favor of AMTD Group Inc., both of which have been duly executed.

The obligations of WME and Merger Sub to consummate
the Business Combination are also conditioned upon, among other things: (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of
Black Spade II (subject to certain materiality standards set forth in the Business Combination Agreement); (ii) the material compliance
by Black Spade II with its pre-closing covenants; (iii) the absence of any event since the date of the Business Combination Agreement
that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of Black
Spade II to timely consummate the Business Combination; and (iv) after giving effect to the exercise of the redemption rights of
the Black Spade II shareholders (the Black Spade II Shareholder Redemption), Black Spade II (as the surviving company of
the Merger) having at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets immediately after the consummation of the Business Combination.

Covenants

The Business Combination Agreement includes customary
covenants of the parties thereto with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation of the Business Combination
and efforts to satisfy conditions for the consummation of the Business Combination. The Business Combination Agreement also contains additional
covenants of the parties, including, among others, (i) a covenant providing for Black Spade II and WME to cooperate in the preparation
of the Registration Statement on Form F-4 required to be prepared in connection with the Business Combination (the Registration
Statement), (ii) covenants requiring Black Spade II to call, convene and hold an extraordinary general meeting of the Black
Spade II shareholders (the Black Spade II Extraordinary General Meeting) to consider and vote upon the Business Combination
and to provide the Black Spade II shareholders with the opportunity to effect a Black Spade II Shareholder Redemption in connection therewith
as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC under the Securities
Act, (iii) covenants requiring WME to obtain the approval of the Business Combination by the WME shareholders, and (iv) covenants
prohibiting Black Spade II and WME from, among other things, soliciting or negotiating with third parties regarding alternative transactions
and agreeing to certain related restrictions.

3

Representations and Warranties

The Business Combination Agreement contains representations
and warranties of WME, relating to, among other things, corporate organization; the authorization, performance and enforceability against
WME of the Business Combination Agreement; required consents and filings; absence of conflicts; WMEs subsidiaries; capitalization
of WME and its subsidiaries; financial statements; absence of undisclosed liabilities; absence of changes; litigation; compliance with
laws; material contracts; intellectual property; data privacy and security; employee benefits; labor matters; tax matters; insurance;
real property; environmental matters; related party transactions; vendors; customers; anti-corruption; information supplied for inclusion
in the Registration Statement; and brokers fees.

The Business Combination Agreement contains representations
and warranties of Black Spade II, relating to, among other things, corporate organization; the authorization, performance and enforceability
against Black Spade II of the Business Combination Agreement; required consents and filings; absence of conflicts; litigation; capitalization;
undisclosed liabilities; reports filed with the SEC, financial statements and internal controls; listing and compliance with Nasdaq rules;
information supplied for inclusion in the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement; trust account; absence of changes; compliance with
laws; material contracts; employees and employee benefits plans; properties; related party transactions; tax matters; anti-corruption;
independent investigation; brokers fees; the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012, as amended.

The representations and warranties made in the
Business Combination Agreement will not survive the consummation of the Merger.

WME Earnout

Following the Closing, if any of the following
events occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout Period), WME may issue, or cause to be issued,
to each of AMTD Digital, AMTD IDEA Group and AMTD Group Inc. (in accordance with their respective pro rata share, calculated on the basis
of the number of WME Class A Ordinary Shares held by them inter se), such number of WME Class A Ordinary Shares which in aggregate
represent 3% of the aggregate number of WME Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date such event occurs (collectively, the
WME Earnout Shares):

(a) the daily dollar volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of WME Class A Ordinary Shares is equal to or greater than
$30.00 for forty (40) trading days during any continuous sixty (60) trading day period; or

(b) (i) the VWAP of WME Class A Ordinary Shares is equal to or greater than $20.00 for forty (40) trading days during any continuous
sixty (60) trading day period; (ii) WME or any of its subsidiaries has acquired not less than 51% of the ownership interest in a
hotel of not less than 100 rooms (including with all permits, licences, consents and approvals as may be required for such hotel to operate)
which is fully operating during the Earnout Period and not less than 51% interest in the management contract with respect to such hotel;
and (iii) WME or any of its subsidiaries has acquired not less than 51% of the ownership interest in each of at least five (5) Eligible
Coffee Shops and not less than 51% interest in each management contract with respect to each such Eligible Coffee Shop. As used herein,
Eligible Coffee Shop means a commercial shop retailing coffee products under the LOfficiel brand, which
has not less than 20 seats and is fully operating during the Earnout Period and has all permits, licences, consents and approvals as may
be required for it to operate (but excluding any pop-up shops or other shops or retail facilities of a temporary nature).

4

Incentive Award Plan

WME will adopt an incentive award plan (the WME
Incentive Award Plan) prior to the Closing. The WME Incentive Award Plan will provide for the grant of awards to employees and
other service providers of WME and its subsidiaries with a total pool of awards of WME Class A Ordinary Shares not exceeding 10%
of the aggregate number of WME Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding as of immediately after the Closing on a fully diluted, as converted
and as-exercised basis.

Termination

The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated
under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to Closing, including: (i) by written consent of all parties to the Business
Combination Agreement; (ii) by either WME or Black Spade II if the Registration Statement has not been declared effective under the
Securities Act on or before June 10, 2025, or, if so agreed in writing by Black Spade II and WME, August 27, 2025 (the Effectiveness
Deadline); (iii) by either WME or Black Spade II if the consummation of the Merger is permanently enjoined, prohibited, deemed
illegal or prevented by a final, non-appealable governmental order; (iv) by either WME or Black Spade II upon a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement by the other party if such breach gives rise to a failure
of certain closing conditions to be satisfied and cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days following the receipt of notice from
the non-breaching party (or any shorter period of the time that remains between the delivery of such notice and the Effectiveness Deadline);
or (v) by either WME or Black Spade II if the Black Spade II shareholder approval is not obtained at the Black Spade II Extraordinary
General Meeting (subject to any permitted adjournment or postponement).

The foregoing description of the Business Combination
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement,
a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Current Report) as Exhibit 2.1 and the terms
of which are incorporated by reference herein.

The Business Combination Agreement
contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of such agreement or
other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract
among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating
the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement has been included to provide investors with information regarding
its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties to the Business Combination Agreement. In particular,
the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Business Combination Agreement, which were made only for purposes
of the Business Combination Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Business Combination
Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures
made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Business Combination Agreement instead of establishing
these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable
to investors and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Business Combination
Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Business Combination Agreement
may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties
and other terms may change after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully
reflected in Black Spade IIs public disclosures.

5

Certain Related Agreements

The Business Combination Agreement contemplates
the execution of various additional agreements and instruments, on or before the Closing, including, among others, the following:

Shareholders Support and Lock-Up Agreement and Deed

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, Black Spade II, WME and all shareholders of WME (the WME Shareholders) entered into a shareholder
support and lock-up agreement and deed (the WME Shareholders Support Agreement), pursuant to which each WME Shareholder
agreed to, among other things, (i) attend any WME shareholder meeting to establish a quorum for the purpose of approving the Business
Combination, and (ii) vote the Pre-Recapitalization WME Shares and any other WME securities acquired by such WME Shareholder in favor
of approving the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

In addition, pursuant to the WME Shareholders Support
Agreement, each of AMTD Digital, AMTD IDEA Group and AMTD Group Inc. (each, a Lock-Up Obligor) also agreed not to transfer,
during a period of three (3) years from and after the Closing Date, subject to customary exceptions, (i) any WME Ordinary Shares
held by such Lock-Up Obligor immediately after the Closing, excluding any WME Ordinary Shares acquired in open market transactions after
the Closing, (ii) any WME Ordinary Shares received by such Lock-Up Obligor upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of options
or warrants held by such Lock-Up Obligor immediately after Closing (along with such options or warrants themselves), and (iii) any
WME equity securities issued or issuable with respect to any securities referenced in clauses (i) through (ii) by way of share
dividend or share split or in connection with a recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction.

The foregoing description of the WME Shareholders
Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the WME Shareholders
Support Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, WME, Black Spade II, Sponsor and certain other holders of BSII II Class B Ordinary Shares and BSII Private
Warrants (each, and together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Parties) entered into a sponsor support agreement and deed (the
Sponsor Support Agreement), pursuant to which each Sponsor Party agreed to, among other things, (i) attend the Black
Spade II Extraordinary General Meeting to establish a quorum for the purpose of approving the Business Combination, and (ii) vote
the BSII Class B Ordinary Shares, and any other Black Spade II securities acquired by such Sponsor Party in favor of approving the
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

In addition, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, from the Closing
until the date falling two years after the Closing Date, for so long as the Sponsor and its affiliates collectively hold at least 5% of
the issued and outstanding WME ordinary shares, the Sponsor shall be entitled to appoint up to two non-voting observers to the board of
directors of the Company, and, for so long as the Sponsor and its affiliates collectively hold at least 3% but less than 5% of the issued
and outstanding WME ordinary shares, the Sponsor shall be entitled to appoint one non-voting observer to the board of directors of the
Company.

The foregoing description of the Sponsor Support
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Sponsor Support Agreement,
a copy of which is filed with this Current Report as Exhibit 10.2 and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein.

6

Registration Rights Agreement

At the Closing, WME and certain shareholders of
WME and Black Spade II will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) containing customary
registration rights for parties thereof.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement,
the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement

At the Closing, WME, Black Spade II and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company will enter into an assignment, assumption and amendment agreement (the Assignment, Assumption
and Amendment Agreement) of that certain warrant agreement, dated August 27, 2024, by and between Black Spade II and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Existing Warrant Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, effective
as of the Merger Effective Time, Black Spade II will assign all of its rights, interests and obligations under the Existing Warrant Agreement
to WME.

The foregoing description of the Assignment, Assumption
and Amendment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On
January 27, 2025, Black Spade II and WME issued a joint press release announcing their entry into the Business Combination Agreement.
The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

The foregoing Exhibit 99.1
is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and will not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor will it be deemed
to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filings. This Current Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Item 7.01, including
Exhibits 99.1.

7

Forward-Looking Statements

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws with respect to the proposed transaction
between Black Spade II and WME, including statements regarding the benefits of the transaction, the anticipated benefits of the transaction,
Black Spade IIs or WMEs expectations concerning the outlook for WMEs business, productivity, plans and goals for
product launches, deliveries and future operational improvements and capital investments, operational performance, future market conditions
or economic performance and developments in the capital and credit markets and expected future financial performance, as well as any information
concerning possible or assumed future results of operations. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe,
project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy,
future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would,
will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
are their managements current predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations
and assumptions available to Black Spade II and WME, and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Any such expectations and
assumptions, whether or not identified in this document, should be regarded as preliminary and for illustrative purposes only and should
not be relied upon as being necessarily indicative of future results. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements in this document, including but not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other
circumstances that could give rise to the termination of definitive agreements with respect to the proposed business combination; (2) the
outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Black Spade II, the combined company or others following the announcement
of the business combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; (3) the amount of redemption requests made by Black
Spade II public shareholders and the inability to complete the business combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders
of Black Spade II, to obtain financing to complete the business combination or to satisfy other conditions to closing and; (4) changes
to the proposed structure of the business combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations
or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the business combination; (5) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards
following the consummation of the business combination; (6) the risk that the business combination disrupts current plans and operations
of WME as a result of the announcement and consummation of the business combination; (7) the ability to recognize the anticipated
benefits of the business combination; (8) costs related to the business combination; (9) risks associated with changes in laws
or regulations applicable to WMEs diverse business lines and WMEs international operations; (10) the possibility that
WME or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, geopolitical, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) WMEs
ability to anticipate trends and respond to changing customer preferences for fashion, arts and entertainment content and for lodging;
and (12) negative perceptions or publicity of the brands of WME . The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described
in the Risk Factors section of WMEs registration statement on Form F-4 to be filed by WME with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC), and other documents filed by WME and/or Black Spade II from time to time with the SEC.
These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ
materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.
Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and all forward-looking statements in this document are
qualified by these cautionary statements. WME and Black Spade II assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. Neither
WME nor Black Spade II gives any assurance that either WME or Black Spade II will achieve its expectations. The inclusion of any statement
in this communication does not constitute an admission by WME or Black Spade II or any other person that the events or circumstances described
in such statement are material.

Additional Information and Where to Find
It

This
document relates to a proposed transaction between Black Spade II and WME. This document does not constitute an offer to sell or
exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction
in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
WME intends to file a registration statement on Form F-4 that will include a proxy statement of Black Spade II and a prospectus of
WME with the SEC. After the registration statement is declared effective, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all
Black Spade II shareholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction. Black Spade II also will file
other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. This document does not contain all the information that should be considered
concerning the proposed transactions and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect
of the transactions. Before making any voting or investment decision, investors and shareholders of Black Spade II are urged to read the
registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection
with the proposed transaction as they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction.

8

Participants in the Solicitation

Black
Spade II and WME and their respective directors and officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Black
Spade IIs shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about Black Spade IIs directors and executive
officers and their ownership of Black Spade IIs securities is set forth in Black Spade IIs filings with the SEC. Additional
information regarding the interests of those persons and other persons who may be deemed participants in the proposed transaction may
be obtained by reading the proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transaction when it becomes available. Shareholders, potential
investors and other interested persons should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any
voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in the preceding paragraph.

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report is not a proxy statement or
solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination and does not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall
there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus
meeting the requirements of the Securities Act, or an exemption therefrom.

9

Item
9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Exhibit 

2.1 Business Combination Agreement

10.1 Shareholders Support and Lock-Up Agreement and Deed

10.2 Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed

10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement

10.4 Form of Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement

10.5 Form of Plan of Merger

99.1 Press Release, dated January 27, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

10

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Date: January 27, 2025 

BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO

By: /s/ Chi Wai Dennis Tam

Name: Chi Wai Dennis Tam

Title: Executive Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Form 8-K]

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

by and among

BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO,

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.,

and

WME MERGER SUB LIMITED

dated as of January 27, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Article 1

Certain
Definitions

Section 1.01. Definitions 3

Section 1.02. Construction 21

Section 1.03. Knowledge 22

Article 2

Pre-Closing
Transactions

Section 2.01. Reserved 23

Section 2.02. Re-Designation 23

Section 2.03. Recapitalization 23

Article 3

The Merger;
Closing

Section 3.01. Merger 24

Section 3.02. Effects of the Merger 24

Section 3.03. Closing; Merger Effective Time 24

Section 3.04. Memorandum and Articles of Association of Merger Surviving Company 25

Section 3.05. Directors and Officers of the Merger Surviving Company 25

Section 3.06. Effects of the Merger on the Share Capital of BSII, Merger Sub and the Company 25

Article 4

Closing
Deliveries; Earnout

Section 4.01. Closing Deliverables 27

Section 4.02. Dissenters Rights 27

Section 4.03. Disbursement of Company Exchange Securities 28

Section 4.04. No Liability; Withholding 29

Section 4.05. Earnout 30

Section 4.06. Payments to Sponsor and Public Non-Redeeming Shareholders 30

Article 5

Representations
and Warranties of the Company

Section 5.01. Corporate Existence and Power 31

Section 5.02. Corporate Authorization 32

Section 5.03. Governmental Authorizations; Consents 33

Section 5.04. Noncontravention 33

Section 5.05. Subsidiaries 34

Section 5.06. Capitalization 34

Section 5.07. Financial Statements 36

Section 5.08. Undisclosed Liabilities 37

Section 5.09. Absence of Changes 37

i

Section 5.10. Litigation and Proceedings 38

Section 5.11. Compliance with Laws; Permits 38

Section 5.12. Significant Contracts 39

Section 5.13. Intellectual Property 41

Section 5.14. Data Privacy 46

Section 5.15. Company Benefit Plans 47

Section 5.16. Labor Matters 49

Section 5.17. Taxes 50

Section 5.18. Insurance 52

Section 5.19. Real Property; Assets 53

Section 5.20. Environmental Matters 54

Section 5.21. Affiliate Transactions 55

Section 5.22. Vendors 55

Section 5.23. Customers 55

Section 5.24. Certain Business Practices; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 56

Section 5.25. Registration Statement and Proxy Statement 58

Section 5.26. Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Judicial Composition Proceedings 58

Section 5.27. Brokers Fees 58

Section 5.28. No Additional Representations and Warranties; No Outside Reliance 58

Article 6

Representations
and Warranties of BSII

Section 6.01. Corporate Organization 59

Section 6.02. Corporate Authorization 60

Section 6.03. Governmental Authorizations; Consents 61

Section 6.04. Noncontravention 61

Section 6.05. Litigation and Proceedings 61

Section 6.06. BSII Capitalization 62

Section 6.07. Undisclosed Liabilities 62

Section 6.08. BSII SEC Documents; Controls 62

Section 6.09. Listing 63

Section 6.10. Registration Statement and Proxy Statement 63

Section 6.11. Trust Account 64

Section 6.12. Absence of Certain Changes 64

Section 6.13. Compliance with Laws; Permits 65

Section 6.14. Contracts 65

Section 6.15. Employees and Employee Benefits Plans 65

Section 6.16. Properties 65

Section 6.17. Affiliate Transactions 66

Section 6.18. Taxes 66

Section 6.19. Certain Business Practices; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 68

Section 6.20. Independent Investigation 69

Section 6.21. Brokers Fees 69

Section 6.22. Investment Company; JOBS Act 70

Section 6.23. No Additional Representations and Warranties; No Outside Reliance 70

ii

Article 7

Covenants
of the Company and Merger Sub

Section 7.01. Conduct of Company Business 70

Section 7.02. Inspection 74

Section 7.03. Trust Account Waiver 74

Section 7.04. Sarbanes-Oxley; Listing Standards 75

Section 7.05. Shareholder Litigation 75

Section 7.06. Non-Voting Preferred Shares 75

Article 8

Covenants
of BSII

Section 8.01. Conduct of Business 75

Section 8.02. Shareholder Litigation 77

Article 9

Joint Covenants

Section 9.01. Efforts to Consummate 78

Section 9.02. Indemnification and Insurance 79

Section 9.03. Tax Matters 80

Section 9.04. Proxy Statement; Registration Statement 81

Section 9.05. BSII Shareholder Approval 83

Section 9.06. Company Shareholder Approval 84

Section 9.07. Post-Closing Board 85

Section 9.08. Trust Account 85

Section 9.09. Form 8-K Filings 85

Section 9.10. Company Equity Incentive Plan 85

Section 9.11. No Shop 86

Section 9.12. Notification of Certain Matters 87

Section 9.13. Listing on Qualified Stock Exchange 87

Article 10

Conditions
to Obligations

Section 10.01. Conditions to Obligations of BSII, the Company and Merger Sub 87

Section 10.02. Conditions to Obligations of BSII 88

Section 10.03. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company and Merger Sub 89

Section 10.04. Satisfaction of Conditions 90

Article 11

Termination

Section 11.01. Termination 91

Section 11.02. Effect of Termination 92

Article 12

Miscellaneous

Section 12.01. Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants 92

Section 12.02. Waiver 92

Section 12.03. Notices 93

Section 12.04. Assignment 94

iii

Section 12.05. Rights of Third Parties 94

Section 12.06. Expenses 94

Section 12.07. Governing Law 94

Section 12.08. Dispute Resolution and Waiver of Jury Trial 95

Section 12.09. Headings and Captions; Counterparts 95

Section 12.10. Entire Agreement 95

Section 12.11. Amendments 96

Section 12.12. Publicity 96

Section 12.13. Severability 96

Section 12.14. Disclosure Schedules 96

Section 12.15. Enforcement 97

Section 12.16. Non-Recourse 97

Section 12.17. Legal Representation 98

ANNEXES

Annex A Form of Listing Articles

Annex B Form of Shareholders Support and Lock-Up Agreement
and Deed

Annex C Form of Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed

Annex D Form of Registration Rights Agreement

Annex E Form of Assignment, Assumption and Amendment
Agreement

Annex F Form of Plan of Merger

Annex G Sponsor Warrant Election Letter

iv

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

This Business
Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement),
dated as of January 27, 2025, is entered into by and among (i) Black Spade Acquisition II Co, an exempted company incorporated
with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (BSII), (ii) World Media and Entertainment Universal
Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company),
and (iii) WME Merger Sub Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands and
a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub). BSII, the Company and Merger Sub are referred to herein
collectively as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, BSII is a blank check company formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses;

WHEREAS, Merger Sub is a newly formed entity,
and was formed for the purpose of consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (the Transactions);

WHEREAS, on the Closing Date (as defined below),
immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, the Company shall adopt the fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
in the form attached hereto as Annex A (with such changes as may be agreed in writing by BSII and the Company, the Listing
Articles);

WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, at the Merger Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into BSII, whereupon the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease and BSII shall be the surviving company and continue its existence under the Companies Act (as revised)
of the Cayman Islands (the Cayman Islands Companies Act) as a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company;

WHEREAS, the board of directors of BSII (the BSII
Board) has unanimously (i) determined that it is fair to, advisable for and in the best interests of BSII and the BSII
Shareholders (as defined below) to enter into this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which BSII is a party and to consummate
the Merger (as defined below) and the other Transactions, (ii) approved this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which BSII
is a party, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and the consummation of the Merger
and the other Transactions, and (iii) determined to recommend to the BSII Shareholders the approval and adoption of this Agreement,
the Plan of Merger, the other Ancillary Agreements to which BSII is a party, the Merger and the other Transactions;

WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of
the Company and Merger Sub (respectively, the Company Board and the Merger Sub Board) have
unanimously (i) determined that it is fair to, advisable for and in the best interests of the Company and Merger Sub and their respective
shareholders, as applicable, to enter into this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and to consummate the Merger
and the other Transactions, and (ii) approved this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party, the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and the consummation of the Merger and
the other Transactions. The Company, as the sole shareholder of Merger Sub, has adopted a special resolution approving this Agreement,
the Plan of Merger and the Transactions;

WHEREAS, prior to the Closing, BSII will provide
an opportunity to its shareholders to have their issued and outstanding BSII Class A Ordinary Shares redeemed on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of BSII, adopted by special resolution
dated August 13, 2024 and effective on August 13, 2024 (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time,
the BSII Governing Document), in connection with the Transactions;

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, and as an inducement to BSIIs willingness to enter into this Agreement, all of the Company Shareholders have
entered into a Shareholders Support and Lock-Up Agreement and Deed with BSII and the Company in the form attached as Annex B hereto
(the Shareholders Support Agreement);

WHEREAS, prior to the Closing, the Company shall
obtain the Company Shareholders Approval (as defined below);

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, BSII, the Company, the Sponsor (as defined below) and the other parties thereto have entered into a Sponsor Support
Agreement and Deed in the form attached as Annex C hereto (the Sponsor Support Agreement);

WHEREAS, concurrently with the consummation of
the Transactions, the Company, the Sponsor, the Company Shareholders, and other Holders (as defined therein) shall enter into a registration
rights agreement in the form attached as Annex D hereto (the Registration Rights Agreement); and

2 

WHEREAS, prior to the Closing, BSII, the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent) shall
enter into an Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement substantially in the form attached as Annex E hereto (the Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement), pursuant to which, effective at the consummation of the Transactions, BSII assigns to
the Company all of its rights, interests, and obligations in and under the Warrant Agreement (as defined below), which amends the Warrant
Agreement to change all references to Warrants (as such term is defined therein) to Company Warrants (and all references to Class A
ordinary shares (as such term is defined therein) underlying such warrants to Company Class A Ordinary Shares) and which causes
each outstanding Company Warrant to represent the right to receive, from the Merger Effective Time, one whole Company Class A Ordinary
Share.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, BSII, the Company and Merger Sub agree as follows:

Article 1

Certain Definitions

Section 1.01.Definitions.
As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Acquisition Transaction has
the meaning given to such term in Section 9.11.

Action means any action,
suit, investigation (including Tax audit), litigation, claim (including any crossclaim or counterclaim), assessment, arbitration, charge
or proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, arbitral, investigative or appellate proceeding), in each case, that is
by or before any Governmental Authority.

Adjustment Factor means the
quotient obtained from dividing (i) the Per Share Equity Value by (ii) the Reference Price.

Affiliate means, with respect
to any specified Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such specified Person, through one or more intermediaries or otherwise. For purposes of this definition, control
when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled
have correlative meanings.

Affiliated Group means a
group of Persons that elects, is required to, or otherwise files a Tax Return or pays a Tax as an affiliated group, consolidated group,
combined group, unitary group, or other group recognized by Applicable Law in respect of Tax.

Agreement has the meaning
given to such term in the preamble hereto.

AMTD Digital means AMTD Digital
Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

AMTD means AMTD Group Inc.
and its Affiliates, excluding the Company and its Subsidiaries.

3 

AMTD Group Inc. means AMTD
Group Inc., a business company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the British Virgin Islands.

AMTD Intellectual Property
means all Intellectual Property that is owned or licensable by AMTD that are used or have been used by the Company or its Subsidiaries
prior to the Closing Date or are otherwise relevant to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

AMTD-Company Intellectual Property License
means the intellectual property license agreement entered into between AMTD Group Inc. and the Company dated January 27, 2025.

Ancillary Agreements means
the Plan of Merger, the Shareholders Support Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement, and the other agreements, instruments and documents expressly contemplated hereby.

Anti-Corruption Laws means
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or any rules or regulations thereunder, the UK Bribery Act, any legislation implementing
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International
Business Transactions, and all other Applicable Laws regarding anti-corruption and bribery or illegal payments or gratuities.

Anti-Money Laundering Laws
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.24(h).

Antitrust Laws means any
federal, state, provincial, territorial and foreign statutes, rules, regulations, Governmental Orders and other Applicable Laws that
are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate foreign investment or actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization
or restraint of trade or lessening of competition through merger or acquisition.

Applicable Law means, with
respect to any Person, any transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state or local law (statutory, common or otherwise), constitution,
treaty, convention, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order, injunction, judgment, decree or ruling enacted, adopted, promulgated or
applied by a Governmental Authority that is legally binding upon or applicable to such Person.

Assignment, Assumption and Amendment
Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

BSII has the meaning given
to such term in the preamble hereto.

BSII Board has the meaning
given to such term in the recitals hereto.

BSII Board Recommendation
has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.02(c).

4 

BSII Class A Ordinary Shares
means the Class A ordinary shares of BSII, par value $0.0001 per share.

BSII Class B Ordinary Shares
means the Class B ordinary shares of BSII, par value $0.0001 per share.

BSII Disclosure Schedule
means the confidential disclosure schedule delivered by BSII to the Company concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

BSII Dissenting Shareholders
has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.02(a).

BSII Dissenting Shares has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.02(a).

BSII Excluded Shares has
the meaning given to such term in Section 3.06(b)(ii).

BSII Extraordinary General Meeting
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.05(a).

BSII Governing Document has
the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

BSII Material Adverse Effect
means any effect, development, event, occurrence, fact, condition, circumstance or change that, individually or in the aggregate, has
had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the ability of BSII to timely consummate the Closing (including
the Merger) on the terms set forth herein or to perform its agreements or covenants hereunder.

BSII Material Contract has
the meaning given to such term in Section 6.14.

BSII Ordinary Shares means
the BSII Class A Ordinary Shares and the BSII Class B Ordinary Shares.

BSII Private Warrant means
each warrant to purchase one BSII Class A Ordinary Share originally issued to the Sponsor.

BSII Public Warrant means
each warrant to purchase one BSII Class A Ordinary Share that was included in the BSII Units.

BSII Redeeming Share means
each BSII Class A Ordinary Share in respect of which the applicable holder thereof has validly exercised his, her or its BSII Shareholder
Redemption Right (and not waived, withdrawn or otherwise lost such rights).

BSII Securityholders has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.03(a).

BSII Share Redemption means
the election of an eligible (as determined in accordance with the BSII Governing Document) Pre-Closing BSII Holder to exercise its BSII
Shareholder Redemption Right in connection with the consummation of the Transactions.

5 

BSII Shareholder Approval
means the approval of the Transaction Proposals (other than the Transaction Proposal contemplated by clause (v) of the definition
thereof), in each case, by the requisite number of votes cast by the holders of BSII Ordinary Shares at the BSII Extraordinary General
Meeting, in accordance with the Proxy Statement, the BSII Governing Document and Applicable Law.

BSII Shareholder Redemption Amount
means the aggregate amount payable with respect to the exercise of BSII Shareholder Redemption Rights.

BSII Shareholder Redemption Right
means the right of the holders of BSII Class A Ordinary Shares to redeem all or a portion of their BSII Class A Ordinary Shares
as set forth in the BSII Governing Document.

BSII Shareholders means the
holders of issued and outstanding BSII Ordinary Shares.

BSII Units means the units
issued in BSIIs initial public offering (whether purchased in such offering or thereafter in the public market), each consisting
of one BSII Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of a BSII Public Warrant.

BSII Warrants means the BSII
Private Warrants and the BSII Public Warrants.

Business Combination has
the meaning given to such term in the BSII Governing Document.

Business Day means a day
other than a Saturday, Sunday or another day on which commercial banks in the Cayman Islands, Hong Kong or New York are authorized or
required by Applicable Law to close.

Cayman Islands Companies Act
has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies
means the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands under the Cayman Islands Companies Act.

Closing has the meaning given
to such term in Section 3.03.

Closing Date has the meaning
given to such term in Section 3.03.

Closing Press Release has
the meaning given to such term in Section 9.09.

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

Company has the meaning given
to such term in the preamble hereto.

6 

Company Audited Financial Statements
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.07(a).

Company Benefit Plan has
the meaning given to such term in Section 5.15(a).

Company Board has the meaning
given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Company Class A Ordinary Shares
means the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, having the rights and privileges as set forth in
the Listing Articles.

Company Class B Ordinary Shares
means the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, having the rights and privileges as set forth in
the Listing Articles.

Company Disclosure Schedule
means the confidential disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to BSII concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

Company Earnout Shares has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.05.

Company Equity Incentive Plan
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.10.

Company Exchange Securities
means the Company Exchange Shares and/or the Company Exchange Warrants, as applicable.

Company Exchange Shares has
the meaning given to such term in Section 3.06(b)(i).

Company Exchange Warrants
has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.06(c)

Company Financial Statements
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.07(a).

Company IT Systems means
any and all computers, hardware, Software, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, circuits, racks, PCs, laptops, terminals,
networking or data communications lines and all other information technology equipment, including all documentation related to the foregoing,
owned, licensed, leased, or otherwise used by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

7 

Company Material Adverse Effect
means any effect, development, event, occurrence, fact, condition, circumstance or change that, individually or in the aggregate, (x) has
had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition,
assets or liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (y) does or would reasonably be expected to prevent
any of the Company or Merger Sub from timely consummating the Closing on the terms set forth herein or to perform their agreements or
covenants hereunder; provided, however, that, in the case of the foregoing clause (x) only, no effect, development, event, occurrence,
fact, condition, circumstances or change, to the extent resulting from any of the following, either individually or in the aggregate,
shall be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred
or would reasonably be expected to occur: (i) any change in Applicable Law or IFRS, or regulatory policies or interpretations thereof;
(ii) any change in interest rates or economic, financial or market conditions generally; (iii) the announcement or the execution
of this Agreement, the pendency or consummation of the Merger or the performance of this Agreement (or the obligations hereunder), including
any termination of, reduction in or similar adverse impact (but in each case only to the extent attributable to such announcement, execution,
pendency, consummation or performance) on the Companys and its Subsidiaries relationships, contractual or otherwise, with
third parties; provided that this clause (iii) shall not prevent a determination that a breach of any representation and warranty
set forth herein which addresses the consequences of the execution and performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
has resulted in or contributed to, or would reasonably be expected to result in or contribute to, a Company Material Adverse Effect;
(iv) any change generally affecting any of the industries or markets in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries operates; (v) any
acts of war, sabotage, civil unrest or terrorism, changes in global, national, regional, state or local political or social conditions,
earthquake, hurricane, tsunami, tornado, flood, mudslide, wild fire or other natural disaster or act of God, any epidemic or pandemic
(including the COVID-19 Pandemic) and any other force majeure event (natural or man-made), or any worsening of any of the foregoing;
(vi) the compliance with the express terms of this Agreement, including any action required to be taken, or required not to be taken,
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise taken at the specific prior written request of BSII or omitted to be taken to the
extent wholly attributable to BSII unreasonably withholding its consent pursuant to Section 7.01; (vii) in and of itself, the
failure of the Company and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to meet any projections, forecasts or budgets or estimates of revenues,
earnings or other financial metrics for any period; provided that this clause (vii) shall not prevent a determination that any change
or effect underlying such failure to meet projections, forecasts or budgets has resulted in or contributed to, or would reasonably be
expected to result in or contribute to, a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (viii) any matter set forth in the Company Disclosure
Schedule which matter is reasonably apparent on its face as constituting a Company Material Adverse Effect (disregarding this clause
(viii)); except in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iv), to the extent that any such effect, development, event, occurrence, fact,
condition, circumstance or change has a disproportionate and adverse effect on the business, assets, results of operations or condition
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated participants in the industry in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries operate, but only to the extent of the incremental disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, relative to such similarly situated participants.

Company Ordinary Shares means
the ordinary shares in the capital of the Company.

8 

Company Permits has the meaning
given to such term in Section 5.11(b).

Company PII means any and
all Personally Identifiable Information that is processed by or on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the development,
marketing, delivery, servicing, use or other exploitation of the Companys or its Subsidiaries products, services or operations.

Company Privacy Policies
means all current and, to the extent applicable, prior public or internal policies, procedures and representations of the Company or
its Subsidiaries to the extent relating to data security or the Processing of Personally Identifiable Information, including the Data
Protection Program.

Company Pro Forma Financial Statements
means (i) the auditor-reviewed, unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2024 and (ii) the auditor-reviewed,
unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023 and the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, in each case of the Company and its Subsidiaries and as adjusted to give effect
to the Transactions.

Company Shareholders means
the holders of issued and outstanding shares in the share capital of the Company.

Company Shareholders Approval
means, collectively, (i) the approval of the actions described in Section 2.02(a) through Section 2.02(b), in each
case by the requisite number of votes cast by the Company Shareholders pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Companys
Governing Documents and Application Law, (ii) the approval of the Recapitalization by the requisite number of votes cast by the
holders of Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Companys Governing Documents
and Application Law, and (iii) the approval of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions (including the Merger)
by the requisite number of votes cast by the Company Shareholders pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Companys
Governing Documents and Applicable Law.

Company Unaudited Financial Statements
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.07(a).

Company Waiving Parties has
the meaning given to such term in Section 12.17.

Company Warrants means each
warrant to purchase one Company Class A Ordinary Share.

Company Warrant Shares means
each Company Class A Ordinary Share to be issued by the Company pursuant to the exercise of a Company Warrant.

Completion 8-K has the meaning
given to such term in Section 9.09.

9 

Confidentiality Agreement
means that certain Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2024, by and between BSII and World Media and Entertainment
Group, a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company.

Confirmatory Transfer Agreement
means the confirmatory transfer of global digital platform agreement entered into between Les Editions Jalou and AMTD Group Inc. dated
January 26, 2025.

Contracts means any
contract, agreement, subcontract, lease, sublease, license, sublicense, conditional sales contract, purchase or service order,
indenture, note, bond, loan, understanding, undertaking, commitment or other arrangement or instrument, including any exhibits,
annexes, appendices and attachments thereto and any amendments, statements of work, modifications, supplements, extensions or
renewals thereto, whether written or oral.

COVID-19 Pandemic means the
novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19), and any evolutions, mutations or variations thereof or any other related or associated public
health emergency, epidemics, pandemics or disease outbreaks occurring on and prior to the Closing Date.

Data Protection Program has
the meaning given to such term in Section 5.14(a).

Damages means all fines,
losses, damages, liabilities, penalties, judgments settlements, assessments and other reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable
legal, attorneys and other experts fees).

Earnout Period has the meaning
given to such term in Section 4.05.

Effectiveness Deadline means
(i) June 10, 2025, or (ii) if so agreed in writing by BSII and the Company (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld),
August 27, 2025.

Eligible BSII Shareholder
means the holder of any Eligible BSII Share.

Eligible BSII Shares means
the BSII Class A Ordinary Shares and BSII Class B Ordinary Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Merger Effective Time (other than the BSII Excluded Shares, BSII Redeeming Shares or BSII Dissenting Shares), including for the avoidance
of doubt the BSII Class A Ordinary Shares held as a result of the Unit Separation.

Eligible Coffee Shop has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.05.

Employment Laws has the meaning
given to such term in Section 5.16(b).

Environmental Laws means
any Applicable Laws relating to pollution or the protection of the environment, including those related to the use, generation, treatment,
storage, handling, emission, transportation, disposal or Release of Hazardous Materials, each as in effect on and as interpreted as of
the date of this Agreement.

10 

Equity Security means (i) any
share capital, partnership interest, membership interest or unit, capital stock, equity interest, voting security or other ownership
interest, (ii) any other interest or participation (including phantom units or interests) that confers on a Person the right to
receive a unit of the profits and losses of, or distribution of assets of, the issuing entity (including any profits interests),
(iii) any subscription, call, warrant, option, restricted share, restricted stock unit, stock appreciation right, performance unit,
incentive unit or other commitment of any kind or character relating to, or entitling any Person to purchase or otherwise acquire, any
of the foregoing and (iv) any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any of the foregoing.

Equity Value means $488,000,000.

Exchange Act has the meaning
given to such term in Section 6.08(a).

Exchange Agent has the meaning
given to such term in Section 4.03(a).

GAAP means United States
generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time.

Global Digital Platform
means the global digital platform which hosts and stores content, including historical content and publications from
LOfficiel publications globally, and provides access to the Company, licensed publishers and distributors of the Company (if
any) and the Company's relevant Subsidiaries to share their respective content and to generate a local responsive website with a
unique layout and backend common to all countries that is currently used in the LOfficiel business of the relevant
Subsidiaries.

Global Digital Platform Assets
means the digital content contributed by the Company's relevant Subsidiaries and the relevant Company's Subsidiaries' licensed publishers
and distributors or otherwise stored in the Global Digital Platform.

Governing Documents means
the legal document(s) by which any Person (other than an individual) establishes its legal existence or which govern its internal
affairs, including but not limited to, as applicable, the constitution, the memorandum of association, articles of association, certificates
of incorporation, by-laws, material intercompany operating agreements, registration statements and equivalent organizational documents,
each as amended, supplemented and/or restated to date.

Government Official means
any public or elected official or officer, employee (regardless of rank), or Person acting on behalf of a national, provincial, or local
government, including a department, agency, instrumentality, state-owned or state-controlled company, public international organization
(such as the United Nations or World Bank), or non-U.S. political party, non-U.S. party official or any candidate for political office.
Officers, employees (regardless of rank), or Persons acting on behalf of an entity that is financed in large measure through public appropriations,
is widely perceived to be performing government functions, or has its key officers and directors appointed by a government should also
be considered Government Officials.

11 

Governmental Authority means
any supra-national, federal, regional, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign government, governmental authority, taxing, regulatory
or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, agency or instrumentality, court or tribunal, including any political
subdivision thereof and any entity or enterprise owned or controlled thereby, any Qualified Stock Exchange or any self-regulatory organization
or arbitral body (public or private), or any public international organization.

Governmental Order means
any order, judgment, injunction, decree, writ, stipulation, determination or award, in each case, issued, promulgated, made or entered
by or with any Governmental Authority.

Hazardous Material means
material, substance or waste that is listed, regulated, or otherwise defined as hazardous, toxic, or radioactive,
(or words of similar intent or meaning) under applicable Environmental Law, including but not limited to petroleum, petroleum by-products,
asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable or explosive substances, or pesticides.

IFRS means the International
Financial Reporting Standards as promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Indebtedness means any (i) indebtedness,
whether or not contingent, for borrowed money, or (ii) indebtedness evidenced by any note, bond, debenture, mortgage or other debt
instrument or debt security or similar instrument.

Intellectual Property means
any and all intellectual property rights and similar proprietary rights in any jurisdiction throughout the world, whether registered
or unregistered, including such rights in any and all of the following: (i) statutory invention registrations, patents and patent
applications (together with any and all re-issuances, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, revisions, provisionals, renewals,
extensions and reexaminations of any of the foregoing) and all improvements to the inventions disclosed in each such patent or patent
application, (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, service names, brand names, certifications, corporate names,
logos, social media identifiers and any and all other indications of origin, including all goodwill associated therewith, and all applications,
registrations and renewals in connection therewith (collectively, Trademarks), (iii) designs, copyrights, and
all applications and registrations therefor, works of authorship, mask work rights and any and all renewals, extensions, reversions,
restorations, derivative works and moral rights in connection with the foregoing, now or hereafter provided by Applicable Law, whether
or not published and regardless of the medium of fixation or means of expression, (iv) Internet domain names and social media identifiers
and accounts, (v) trade secrets, proprietary know-how (including inventions, discoveries, improvements, processes, market information,
trade secrets, techniques, specifications, technical information, methods, tests, reports, component lists, manuals, instructions, drawings
and information relating to customers and suppliers), confidential and proprietary information, including processes, data, inventions,
technical data, algorithms, formulae, procedures, protocols, techniques, results of experimentation and testing, and business information
(including financial and marketing plans, customer and supplier lists, and pricing and cost information), (vi) rights to publicity
and privacy, (vii) Software, (viii) databases and data collections, (ix) industrial designs, (x) all registrations
and applications (whether provisional, pending or final) to register, and renewals of any of the foregoing, and all common law rights
thereto, and (xi) all rights to sue, bring, make, oppose, defend, appeal proceedings, claims or actions and obtain relief, recover
and retain damages and costs and attorneys fees for past, present and future infringement, misappropriation or other violation
of any of the foregoing (including passing off and unfair competition), and all rights to claim priority in such rights, and all rights
to apply for and be granted any extensions, renewals, or amendments of or to such rights.

12 

Interim Period has the meaning
given to such term in Section 7.01.

Labor Contract has the meaning
given to such term in Section 5.12(a)(v).

Leakage means, without duplication,
to the extent paid or incurred after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Date, in each case, other than Permitted Leakage: (i) any
dividend (whether in the form of cash or other property) or distribution declared, made or paid, by the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company to any Related Party; (ii) any repurchase or redemption of any Equity Securities of the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company, other than any such repurchase or redemption by any Subsidiary of the Company of any Equity Securities owned by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries; (iii) any waiver or release (A) in favor of any Related Party of any sum or obligation owing by
any such Related Party to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) of any claims or rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
against any such Related Party, in each case, other than as expressly contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) any payments of any nature
made to (or assets transferred to) any Related Party by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (v) any liabilities assumed or incurred
for the benefit of any Related Party by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than as expressly contemplated by this Agreement;
(vi) the creation of any Lien over any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of any Related Party (not
including any benefit arising by virtue of the Related Partys Equity Securities in the Company); (vii) any discharge or waiver
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability or obligation of any Related Party; (viii) any agreement or arrangement
made or entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to do or give effect to any matter referred to in clause (i) through
clause (vii) above; or (ix) any Tax which is payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of any of clause
(i) through clause (viii) above.

Leased Real Property means
all real property and interests in real property leased, subleased or otherwise occupied or used but not owned by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries.

LEJ means JMG Jalou Media
Group, a/k/a Les Editions Jalou or LEJ, a French limited responsibility company (Socit responsabilit
limite), registered under the French Company Registry under the SIREN code 331532176, with its registered o office at 27-29
Rue de Bassano 75008 Paris, France.

13 

Letter of Support means the
Letter of Support, dated the date hereof and effective as of the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by AMTD Digital to the Company.

Licensed Intellectual Property
means any and all Intellectual Property owned by a third party and licensed or sublicensed (or purported to be licensed or sublicensed)
to either the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has obtained a covenant not to be
sued.

Lien means, with respect
to any property or asset, any mortgage, charge, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, real property license, security interest,
covenant not to sue, option, right of first refusal, right of first offer, claim, restriction or other lien or similar adverse claim
of any kind in respect of such property or asset.

Listing Articles has the
meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

LOfficiel Publishing Group Inc.
means LOfficiel Publishing Group Inc., a company incorporated with limited liability in the United States of America.

Merger has the meaning given
to such term in Section 3.01(a).

Merger Effective Time has
the meaning given to such term in Section 3.03.

Merger Sub has the meaning
given to such term in the preamble hereto.

Merger Sub Board has the
meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Merger Surviving Company
has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.01(b).

Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock
Market (including the Capital Market, Global Market and/or the Global Select Market).

Non-Public Eligible BSII Shareholder
means each Eligible BSII Shareholder that is the Sponsor or an Affiliate of the Sponsor.

NYSE means the New York Stock
Exchange.

Offer Documents has the meaning
given to such term in Section 9.04(c).

14 

Open Source Software means
any and all Software that is distributed as free Software, open source Software, copyleft Software
or via similar licensing or distribution models that, in each case, require as a condition of use, modification or distribution (including
under an ASP or software as a service model) of such Software that other Software using, incorporating, linking, integrating
or distributing or bundling with such Software be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (b) licensed for the purpose
of making derivative works, (c) licensed under terms that allow reverse engineering, reverse assembly or disassembly or any kind
or (d) redistributable at no charge. Open Source Software includes Software licensed or distributed under any of the
following licenses or distribution models, or licenses or distribution models similar to any of the following: (A) the Apache Software
Foundation License, (B) the GNU General Public License (GPL) or GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), (C) the Artistic
License (e.g., PERL), (D) the Mozilla Public License, (E) the Netscape Public License, (F) the Sun Community Source License
(SCSL), (G) the Sun Industry Standards License (SISL), (H) the Affero General Public License (AGPL), (I) the Common Development
and Distribution License (CDDL) or (J) any license or distribution agreements or arrangements now listed as open source
licenses on www.opensource.org or any successor website thereof or in the Free Software Directory maintained by the Free
Software Foundation on http://directory.fsf.org/ or any successor website thereof.

ordinary course of business
with respect to any Person means, at any given time, the ordinary and usual course of operations of the business thereof, consistent
with past practice, subject to any reasonable changes required to address any then current facts and circumstances (including requirements
to comply with Applicable Law).

Owned Intellectual Property
means any and all Intellectual Property owned (or purported to be owned) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Owned Real Property has the
meaning given to such term in Section 5.19(a).

Parties has the meaning given
to such term in the preamble hereto.

Payor has the meaning given
to such term in Section 4.04(b).

PCAOB means the U.S. Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board.

Permits means all permits,
licenses, certificates of authority, authorizations, approvals, registrations, clearances, orders, variances, exceptions or exemptions
and other similar consents issued by or obtained from a Governmental Authority.

Permitted Leakage means (i) any
repurchase or redemption of any Equity Securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
as applicable, held by an employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in connection with the termination
of employment of such employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (ii) any payment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
(or on behalf of, or for the benefit of) any Related Party in respect of salary, bonus or other ordinary course compensation, director
or manager fees, reimbursement or advancement of expenses, indemnification or other benefits due to such individual in their capacity
as an employee, independent contractor or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, together with any employer-paid portion
of any employment or payroll Taxes related thereto, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or as required by the terms of the
Company Benefit Plans in effect on the date hereof and as made available to BSII, (iii) any payments made by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to a Related Party pursuant to any of the transactions set forth on Section 1.01(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, and (iv) any Tax payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of any of clauses (i) through (iii) above.

15 

Permitted Liens means (i) Liens
that arise in the ordinary course of business and which are not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith through
appropriate Actions, (ii) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment
insurance and other mandatory social security legislation, (iii) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested
in good faith through appropriate Actions and with respect to which adequate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, (iv) Liens
on real property (including zoning, building, or other similar restrictions, variances, encumbrances, easements, covenants, rights of
way and similar restrictions of record and irregularities in title) that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere
with the ownership, operation, value, or present uses of such real property, (v) statutory, common law and contractual Liens of
landlords with respect to leased real property and the rights of lessors under any leases; (vi) purchase money Liens and Liens securing
rental payments in connection with capital lease obligations of the Company; (vii) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property
granted in the ordinary course of business, and (viii) Liens described on Section 1.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

Per Share Equity Value
means (i) the Equity Value divided by (ii) the aggregate number of Pre-Recapitalization Company
Ordinary Shares.

Person means any individual,
firm, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint
stock company, governmental agency or instrumentality or other entity of any kind.

Personally Identifiable Information
means any and all (i) information relating to an individual that either contains data elements that identify the individual or that
can be used, directly or indirectly, to identify, contact or locate the individual, (ii) information that enables a person to contact
the individual (such as information contained in a cookie or electronic device fingerprint) (iii) personal data, personal
information, nonpublic personal information or any similar term as defined under any Applicable Law and (iv) other
information, the Processing of which is regulated by an Applicable Law in relation to data protection or data privacy. Personally Identifiable
Information includes (A) personal identifiers, such as name, address, telephone number, Social Security Number, date of birth, drivers
license number, identification number issued by a Governmental Authority, Taxpayer Identification Number and passport number, (B) online
identifiers, e-mail addresses social media handles, Internet or Software-based usernames, Internet protocol addresses, cookie
identifiers, device identifiers, (C) financial information, including credit or debit card numbers, account numbers, access codes,
consumer report information and insurance policy numbers, (D) demographic information, including information relating to an individuals
race, gender, age, ethnicity, religion or philosophy, political affiliation or sexual orientation, (E) biometric data, such as fingerprint,
retina or iris image, voice print or other unique physical representation or characteristic and (F) geolocation information.

PFIC has the meaning given
to such term in Section 5.17(l).

Plan of Merger has the meaning
given to such term in Section 3.01(a).

16 

Pre-Closing BSII Holders
means the Members (as defined in the BSII Governing Document) of BSII at any time prior to the Merger Effective Time.

Pre-Recapitalization Company
Ordinary Shares means the Company Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Recapitalization.

Pre-Recapitalization Company Preferred
Shares means the non-voting redeemable preferred shares of the Company issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Recapitalization.

Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares means
the Pre-Recapitalization Company Ordinary Shares and the Pre-Recapitalization Company Preferred Shares.

Privacy Requirements means
any and all (i) Company Privacy Policies, (ii) obligations of the Company under Contracts involving the Processing of Personally
Identifiable Information, (iii) Applicable Laws that apply to the security, privacy or Processing of Personally Identifiable Information,
(iv) industry self-regulatory principles applicable to the protection or Processing of Personally Identifiable Information to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries purport to adhere and (v) binding guidance issued by any Governmental Authority that pertains
to any Applicable Law or principles outlined in the foregoing clauses (iii) or (iv).

Process or Processing
means, with respect to any data or Personally Identifiable Information, the collection,
recording, use, processing, storage, organization, modification, transfer, sale,
retrieval, access, disclosure, deletion, dissemination or combination of such data or Personally Identifiable Information.

Prospectus has the meaning
given to such term in Section 7.03.

Proxy Statement has the meaning
given to such term in Section 9.04(a).

Public Eligible BSII Shareholder
means each Eligible BSII Shareholder that is not a Non-Public Eligible BSII Shareholder.

Qualified Stock Exchange
means Nasdaq or (if notified by the Company to BSII in accordance with Section 9.13) the NYSE, as applicable.

Recapitalization has the
meaning given to such term in Section 2.03.

Re-designation has the meaning
given to such term in Section 2.02(b).

Reference Price means $10.

Registered Intellectual Property
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.13(a).

Registration Rights Agreement
has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Registration Statement means
the Registration Statement on Form F-4, or other appropriate form determined by the Parties, including any pre-effective and post-effective
amendments and supplements thereto, to be filed with the SEC by the Company under the Securities Act with respect to (i) the issuance
of the Company Exchange Shares, the Company Exchange Warrants and the other securities of the Company, in each case pursuant to this
Agreement, (ii) the issuance of all Company Warrant Shares, and (iii) the resale of all Company Exchange Shares, Company Exchange
Warrants and Company Warrant Shares held or to be held by the Non-Public Eligible BSII Shareholders.

17 

Related Party has the meaning
given to such term in Section 5.21.

Release means any release,
spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration
of any Hazardous Material into or through the indoor or outdoor environment.

Representatives means, collectively,
with respect to any Person, such Persons officers, directors, Affiliates, employees, agents or advisors, including any investment
banker, broker, attorney, accountant, consultant or other authorized representative of such Person.

Sanctions has the meaning
given to such term in Section 5.24(g).

Sanctioned Territories has
the meaning given to such term in Section 5.24(g).

SEC means the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents has the meaning
given to such term in Section 6.08(a).

Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security Incident means any
incident involving (i) information security breaches, intrusions, interruptions, breakdowns or failures of the Company IT Systems
or (ii) unauthorized access, use, theft, extraction, Processing, transfer, modification, loss, disclosure, corruption, destruction,
encryption or other compromise of Company PII or other data held, in whatever form, by or on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
including where the unauthorized event results from the use of any malicious code (including without limitation viruses, Trojan horses,
worms, malware, ransomware, bombs, backdoors, clocks, timers or similar harmful or hidden programs or other disabling device or malicious
code, design or routine), social engineering, unauthorized access to physical premises, loss of devices, disclosure of passwords or otherwise.

Service Provider means, as
of any relevant time, any director, officer, employee or individual independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Share Consolidation/Split
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.03.

Shareholders Support Agreement
has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Significant Contract has
the meaning given to such term in Section 5.12(a).

18 

Software means any and all
(i) computer, mobile, or device software, programs, systems, applications and code, including any software implementations of algorithms,
models and methodologies and any source code, object code, firmware, middleware, APIs, development and design tools, applets, compilers,
assemblers, interfaces, engines, utilities and scripts, (ii) descriptions, flow-charts and other work product used to design, plan,
organize and develop any of the foregoing, and (iii) error corrections, updates, modifications, enhancements, documentation, other
works of authorship and media, including user manuals and training materials, relating to or embodying any of the foregoing or on which
any of the foregoing is recorded.

Sponsor means Black Spade
Sponsor LLC II, a limited liability company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

Sponsor Support Agreement
has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Sponsor Warrant Election Letter
means the election letter, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex G, to be signed and delivered by the Sponsor to
the Company on Closing.

Subsidiary means, with respect
to a specified Person, a corporation or other entity (i) of which more than 50% of the voting power of the Equity Securities is
owned, directly or indirectly, or held through contractual arrangement, by such specified Person or (ii) with respect to which such
specified Person controls the management.

Surviving Provisions has
the meaning given to such term in Section 11.02.

Tax means all federal, state,
local, or foreign taxes, fees or levies imposed by a Governmental Authority (including income, profits, franchise, alternative minimum,
gross receipts, sales, use, customs duties, value added, ad valorem, escheat, transfer, real property, personal property, stamp, capital
stock, excise, premium, social security, payroll, occupation, employment, unemployment, severance, disability, registration, license,
withholding and estimated tax), and any interest, penalty, or addition with respect thereto.

Tax Return means any return,
report, schedule, form, statement, declaration, or document (including any refund claim, information statement, or amendment) filed or
required to be filed with or submitted to a Governmental Authority in connection with the determination, assessment, collection or payment
of any Tax.

Terminating BSII Breach has
the meaning given to such term in Section 11.01(e).

Terminating Company Breach
has the meaning given to such term in Section 11.01(d).

Top Customers means the 5
most significant customers of the Company, together with its Subsidiaries, as measured by total amount of revenue generated to the Company
and its Subsidiaries for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2023 and for the 6-month period ended June 30, 2024.

19 

Top Vendors means the 5 most
significant vendors of the Company, together with its Subsidiaries, as measured by amounts paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries for
the 12-month period ended December 31, 2023 and for the 6-month period ended June 30, 2024.

Trademarks has the meaning
given to such term in the definition of Intellectual Property.

Transaction Bonus Payment
has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.06(a).

Transaction Proposals has
the meaning given to such term in Section 9.05(a).

Transactions has the meaning
given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Transfer Taxes has the meaning
given to such term in Section 9.03(b).

Treasury Regulations means
the temporary and final regulations promulgated under the Code, as such regulations may be amended from time to time (including corresponding
provisions of succeeding regulations).

Trust Account means the account
established by BSII for the benefit of its public shareholders pursuant to the Trust Agreement.

Trust Agreement means the
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, by and between BSII and the Trustee.

Trustee means Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation.

Unit Separation has the meaning
given to such term in Section 3.06(a).

VWAP means, for any security
on a relevant date, the daily dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the principal securities exchange or securities
market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m.,
New York time (or such later time after 4:00:00 p.m. as the securities are traded on such securities exchange or securities market),
as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the daily
dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time (or such later time after 4:00:00
p.m. as the securities are traded on such securities exchange or securities market), as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no daily dollar
volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price
and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot
be calculated for such security on such date(s) on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date(s) shall
be the fair market value per share on such date(s) as reasonably determined by the Company and BSII.

20 

Warrant Agent has the meaning
given to such term in the recitals hereto.

Warrant Agreement means the
Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, by and between BSII and the Warrant Agent.

Section 1.02.Construction.

(a)Unless
the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (i) words of any gender include each other gender and neuter form, (ii) words
using the singular or plural form also include the plural or singular form, respectively, (iii) the terms hereof,
herein, hereby, hereto, herewith, hereunder and derivative or similar
words refer to this entire Agreement (including the Annexes and Appendices hereto) and not to any particular provision of this Agreement,
(iv) the terms Article, Section and Annex refer to the specified Article, Section or
Annex of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified, (v) whenever any other word derived from a defined term shall be used
in this Agreement, such derived word shall have the meaning correlative to such defined term (e.g., controlled or controlling
shall have the meaning correlative to control), (vi) the words include, includes and including
shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation whether or not they are in fact followed by such phrase
or phrases or words of like import, (vii) the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive and (viii) references
to anything having been provided, made available or delivered (or any other similar references)
to BSII means the relevant item has been provided in writing to BSII no later than 5:00 p.m., January 24, 2025 (Hong Kong time), such items as listed in the index agreed between the Company and BSII (or their respective counsel) in writing
on or prior to the date hereof.

(b)All
Annexes or Schedules (including the Company Disclosure Schedule and the BSII Disclosure Schedule) annexed hereto or referred to herein
are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any capitalized term(s) used in any
Annex or Schedule (including the Company Disclosure Schedule and the BSII Disclosure Schedule) annexed hereto or referred to herein but
not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term(s) in this Agreement.

(c)Unless
the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, references to agreements and other documents shall be deemed to include all subsequent
amendments and other modifications thereto; provided that, with respect to any agreement or other document identified in the Company
Disclosure Schedule or the BSII Disclosure Schedule, such amendment or other modification thereto is also identified in the Company Disclosure
Schedule or the BSII Disclosure Schedule, respectively.

21 

(d)Unless
the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, references to any statute, law or other Applicable Law shall include all regulations
and rules promulgated thereunder and references to any statute, law or other Applicable Law shall be construed as including all
statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute or regulation.

(e)References
to any Person include references to such Persons successors and assigns (provided, however, that nothing contained
in this clause is intended to authorize any assignment or transfer not otherwise permitted by this Agreement), and in the case of any
Governmental Authority, to any Person succeeding to its functions and capacities.

(f)The
English language shall be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent. The Parties acknowledge that each Party
and its counsel has reviewed and participated in the drafting of this Agreement and that no rule of strict construction, presumption
or burden of proof favoring or disfavoring a Party shall be applied against any Party.

(g)Whenever
this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified. If any action
is to be taken or given on or by a particular calendar day, and such calendar day is not a Business Day, then such action may be deferred
until the next Business Day. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) any reference in this Agreement to a date or time
shall be deemed to be such date or time in New York, New York and (ii) references from or through any date mean, unless otherwise
specified, from and including or through and including, such date, respectively.

(h)The
phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply
if.

(i)The
terms writing and written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words
(including email) in visible form.

(j)All
accounting terms used herein and not expressly defined herein shall have the meanings given to them under GAAP.

(k)All
monetary figures used herein, including references to $, shall be in United States dollars unless otherwise specified.

Section 1.03.Knowledge.
As used herein, the phrase to the knowledge of any Person shall mean the actual knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, of
(a) in the case of the Company or Merger Sub, the individuals listed on Section 1.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and
(b) in the case of BSII, the individuals listed on Section 1.03 of the BSII Disclosure Schedule.

22 

Article 2

Pre-Closing Transactions

Section 2.01.Reserved.

Section 2.02.Re-Designation.
On the Closing Date, prior to the Merger Effective Time, the following actions shall take place or be effected (in the order set forth
in this Section 2.02):

(a)the
Listing Articles shall be adopted and become effective; and

(b)immediately
after the completion of the actions set forth in Section 2.02(a), the issued and authorized share capital of the Company shall be
re-designated as follows (the Re-Designation):

(i)each
Company Ordinary Share (other than non-voting ordinary share) that is not held by AMTD Digital shall be re-designated and re-classified
into one (1) Company Class A Ordinary Share;

(ii)each
Company Ordinary Share (other than non-voting ordinary share) held by AMTD Digital shall be re-designated and re-classified into one
(1) Company Class B Ordinary Share; and

(iii)each
non-voting redeemable ordinary share in the share capital of the Company shall be re-designated and re-classified into one
(1) non-voting redeemable preferred share in the share capital of the Company.

Section 2.03.Recapitalization.
Immediately after the completion of the Re-Designation and immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, the Company shall effect a
share consolidation or subdivision such that (the Share Consolidation/Split):

(a)each Pre-Recapitalization Company
Ordinary Share which is a Company Class A Ordinary Share shall be consolidated or divided into a number of Company Class A
Ordinary Shares equal to the Adjustment Factor;

(b)each Pre-Recapitalization Company
Ordinary Share which is a Company Class B Ordinary Share shall be consolidated or divided into a number of Company Class B
Ordinary Shares equal to the Adjustment Factor; and

(c)each Pre-Recapitalization Company
Preferred Share which is a non-voting redeemable preferred share shall be consolidated or divided into a number of non-voting
redeemable preferred shares equal to the Adjustment Factor;

provided that no fractional shares shall
be issued by virtue of the Share Consolidation/Split, and each Company Shareholder that would otherwise be so entitled to a fraction
of a share (after aggregating all fractional shares that otherwise would be received by such Company Shareholder) shall instead be entitled
to receive such number of shares to which such Company Shareholder would otherwise be entitled, rounded down to the nearest whole number
(the actions described in this Section 2.03, the Recapitalization).

23 

Article 3

The Merger; Closing

Section 3.01.Merger.

(a)Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Merger Effective Time, BSII, Merger Sub and the Company shall
execute a plan of merger (the Plan of Merger) in the form attached as Annex F hereto by which Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into BSII in accordance with Part XVI of the Cayman Islands Companies Act, with BSII being the surviving
company (the Merger).

(b)Upon
consummation of the Merger at the Merger Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease to exist and Merger
Sub will be struck off the Register of Companies in the Cayman Islands, and BSII, as the surviving company of the Merger (hereinafter
referred to for the periods at and after the Merger Effective Time as the Merger Surviving Company), shall continue
its corporate existence under the laws of the Cayman Islands as a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company.

Section 3.02.Effects
of the Merger. At the Merger Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects specified in this Agreement, the Plan of Merger and
the Cayman Islands Companies Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Merger Effective Time,
all the rights, property of every description, including choses in action, and the business, undertaking, goodwill, benefits, immunities
and privileges of each of BSII and Merger Sub shall vest in the Merger Surviving Company and the Merger Surviving Company shall be liable
for and subject in the same manner as BSII and Merger Sub to all mortgages, charges or security interests and all Contracts, obligations,
claims, debts and liabilities of BSII and Merger Sub in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies Act.

Section 3.03.Closing;
Merger Effective Time. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the Closing)
shall take place on the date which is three (3) Business Days after the date on which all conditions set forth in Article 10
shall have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions) or such other time and place as BSII and the Company may mutually agree. The date on
which the Closing actually occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Article 10, on the date of the Closing, BSII and Merger Sub shall file, or
cause to be filed, the Plan of Merger and other documents required under the Cayman Islands Companies Act to effect the Merger with the
Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies as provided by Section 233 of the Cayman Islands Companies Act. The Merger shall become effective
on the date of the Closing immediately upon the registration of the Plan of Merger by Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies in accordance
with the Cayman Islands Companies Act or at such later time or on such later date as may be agreed by BSII and the Company in writing
and, in either case, as specified in or pursuant to the Plan of Merger in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies Act (the Merger
Effective Time).

24 

Section 3.04.Memorandum
and Articles of Association of Merger Surviving Company.

(a)At
the Merger Effective Time, in accordance with the Plan of Merger, the memorandum and articles of association of the Merger Surviving
Company shall be in the form of the BSII Governing Document in effect immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, until thereafter
amended or restated as provided therein or by Applicable Law.

Section 3.05.Directors
and Officers of the Merger Surviving Company. At the Merger Effective Time, the directors and officers of Merger Sub as of immediately
prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be the directors and officers of the Merger Surviving Company, unless otherwise determined by
BSII and the Company prior to the Merger Effective Time, and until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified
or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal in accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Merger
Surviving Company.

Section 3.06.Effects
of the Merger on the Share Capital of BSII, Merger Sub and the Company.

(a)Immediately
prior to the Merger Effective Time, each BSII Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time shall
be automatically detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one BSII Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of a BSII
Public Warrant in accordance with the terms of the BSII Unit (the Unit Separation); provided that no fractional
BSII Public Warrants will be issued in connection with the Unit Separation such that if a holder of BSII Units would be entitled to receive
a fractional BSII Public Warrant upon the Unit Separation, the number of BSII Public Warrants to be issued to such holder upon the Unit
Separation shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of BSII Public Warrants without cash settlement for such rounded fraction.
The BSII Class A Ordinary Shares and BSII Public Warrants held following the Unit Separation shall be converted in accordance with
the applicable terms of this Section 3.06.

(b)At
the Merger Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of BSII, the Company and Merger Sub or any holder
of BSII Ordinary Shares or any Company Shareholder or any other shareholder of the Company:

(i)each
Eligible BSII Share shall be cancelled in exchange for the right of each Eligible BSII Shareholder to receive one Company Class A
Ordinary Share, at an issue price of $10.00 per Company Class A Ordinary Share credited as fully paid, per Eligible BSII Share (the
aggregate number of Company Class A Ordinary Shares thus issued to all Eligible BSII Shareholders in connection with the Merger,
the Company Exchange Shares);

25 

All Eligible BSII Shares shall no longer
be outstanding and shall be cancelled and cease to exist by virtue of the Merger, and each Eligible BSII Shareholder shall thereafter
cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except for the right to receive the consideration set forth in this Section 3.06(b)(i);

(ii)each
BSII Class A Ordinary Share that is issued and outstanding and held immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time by BSII as treasury
shares, including shares redeemed by BSII in connection with the exercise of BSII Shareholder Redemption Rights (if any) (collectively,
the BSII Excluded Shares) shall be cancelled and cease to exist, without any conversion thereof, and no consideration
shall be paid or payable with respect thereto;

(iii)each
BSII Redeeming Share that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be cancelled and cease to exist
and shall thereafter represent only the right to be paid a pro rata share of the BSII Shareholder Redemption Amount in accordance with
the BSII Governing Document; and

(iv)each
BSII Dissenting Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be automatically cancelled and extinguished
in accordance with Section 4.02 and shall carry no right other than the right to receive the applicable payment as set forth in
Section 4.02.

(c)At
the Merger Effective Time, the Company will assume the Warrant Agreement under the terms of the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment
Agreement, and each BSII Warrant that is outstanding and unexercised shall thereupon be exchanged for a Company Warrant, which shall
be on the same terms and conditions as the applicable BSII Warrant (as amended by the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement)
(all Company Warrants issued to all holders of BSII Warrants in connection with the Merger, the Company Exchange Warrants).
The Company shall take all corporate actions necessary to approve for future issuance a sufficient number of Company Class A Ordinary
Shares for delivery upon the exercise of such Company Exchange Warrants. All BSII Warrants shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically
be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of BSII Warrants shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
except the right to receive the consideration set forth in this Section 3.06(c).

(d)At
the Merger Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of BSII, the Company, Merger Sub or any holder
of BSII Ordinary Shares or BSII Warrants, each ordinary share of Merger Sub, par value $1.0 per share, issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable Class A
ordinary share, par value $0.0001, of the Merger Surviving Company. Such ordinary share(s) of the Merger Surviving Company shall
constitute the only issued and outstanding share capital of the Merger Surviving Company upon the Merger Effective Time.

26 

Article 4

Closing Deliveries; Earnout

Section 4.01.Closing
Deliverables.

(a)At
or prior to the Closing:

(i)the
Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to BSII:

(A)the
Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company and the Company Shareholders party thereto;

(B)(I) the
Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, duly executed by the Company and (II) if the Sponsor delivers the Sponsor Warrant Election Letter duly executed by the Sponsor, the acknowledgment to the Sponsor
Warrant Election Letter, duly executed by the Company; and

(C)a
certificate signed by an authorized officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying that the conditions specified in Section 10.02(a),
Section 10.02(b) and Section 10.02(c) have been fulfilled.

(b)At
or prior to the Closing, BSII shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company:

(i)the
Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the parties thereto other than the Company, AMTD Digital, AMTD IDEA Group, AMTD Group
Inc., South Horizon Oceans (Group) Co Inc., Radisson Everton Venture Fund and the other Company Shareholders;

(ii)the
Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, duly executed by Sponsor; and

(iii)a
certificate signed by an authorized director or officer of BSII, dated the Closing Date, certifying that the conditions specified in
Section 10.03(a), Section 10.03(b) and Section 10.03(c) have been fulfilled.

Section 4.02.Dissenters
Rights.

(a)To
the extent available under the Cayman Islands Companies Act, all BSII Ordinary Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Merger Effective Time and that are held by any BSII Shareholder who shall have validly exercised and not effectively waived, withdrawn,
forfeited, failed to perfect or otherwise lost their rights to dissent from the Merger, in accordance with Section 238 of the Cayman
Islands Companies Act (the BSII Dissenting Shares and holders of BSII Dissenting Shares being referred to as BSII
Dissenting Shareholders) shall be cancelled and cease to exist at the Merger Effective Time, shall not be entitled to receive
the applicable Company Exchange Shares under Section 3.06(b)(i) and shall instead be entitled to receive only the payment of
the fair value of such BSII Dissenting Shares held by them determined in accordance with Section 238 of the Cayman Islands Companies
Act.

27 

(b)All
BSII Ordinary Shares held by BSII Dissenting Shareholders who shall have failed to exercise or who shall have effectively waived, withdrawn,
forfeited, failed to perfect or otherwise lost their dissenter rights under Section 238 of the Cayman Islands Companies Act shall
thereupon (i) not be deemed to be BSII Dissenting Shares, and (ii) be cancelled and cease to exist and shall instead be entitled
to receive, at the later of the Merger Effective Time and the date of loss of such status as BSII Dissenting Shares, the right to receive
the applicable Company Exchange Shares under Section 3.06(b)(i), in the manner provided in Section 4.03.

(c)BSII
shall provide to the Company (i) reasonably prompt notice of any notices of objection or notices of dissent to the Merger or
demands for appraisal under Section 238 of the Cayman Islands Companies Act received by BSII, attempted withdrawals of such notices,
dissents or demands, and any other instruments served pursuant to the Cayman Islands Companies Act and received by BSII relating to the
exercise of any rights to dissent from the Merger or appraisal rights and (ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations
and proceedings with respect to any such notice of dissenter right or demand for appraisal under the Cayman Islands Companies Act. BSII
shall not, except with the prior written consent of the Company, make any offers or payment with respect to any exercise by a shareholder
of its rights to dissent from the Merger or any demands for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal
of any such demands.

(d)In
the event that any written notice of objection to the Merger is served on BSII by any BSII Shareholder pursuant to Section 238(2) of
the Cayman Islands Companies Act, BSII shall give written notice of the authorization of the Merger to each such BSII Shareholder within
20 days of obtaining the BSII Shareholder Approval, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 238(4) of the Cayman Islands
Companies Act.

Section 4.03.Disbursement
of Company Exchange Securities.

(a)Prior
to the Merger Effective Time, the Company shall appoint an exchange agent reasonably acceptable to BSII and the Company (in such capacity,
the Exchange Agent), for the purpose of distributing to each holder of Eligible BSII Shares or BSII Warrants (collectively,
the BSII Securityholders) the Company Exchange Shares and/or the Company Exchange Warrants, as applicable, payable
to such holder.

(b)At
the Closing, the Company shall instruct the Exchange Agent to deliver the applicable Company Exchange Securities to the BSII Securityholders
pursuant to this Section 4.03, and to deliver the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Merger Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such Company Exchange Securities.

28 

(c)Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 4.03, any obligation on the Company under this Agreement to issue Company Class A Ordinary
Shares to BSII Securityholders entitled to receive Company Exchange Securities shall be satisfied by the Company instructing the Exchange
Agent to deliver such Company Exchange Securities in accordance with Section 4.03(b), to the extent and effect that each BSII Securityholder
shall hold such Company Exchange Securities in book-entry form or through a holding of depositary receipts and the DTC or its nominee
or the relevant clearing service or issuer of depositary receipts (or their nominees, as the case may be) will be the holder of record
of such Company Exchange Securities.

(d)After
the Merger Effective Time, there shall be no further registration on the register of members of BSII of transfers of BSII Ordinary Shares
that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time.

Section 4.04.No
Liability; Withholding.

(a)None
of the Parties, the Merger Surviving Company and the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person for any portion of the Company Exchange
Shares or Company Exchange Warrants delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any portion of the Company Exchange Shares or Company Exchange Warrants that
remains undistributed to the BSII Shareholders as of immediately prior to the date on which the Company Exchange Shares or Company Exchange
Warrants would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Authority shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable
Law, become the property of the Company, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

(b)Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, each of the Parties, the Merger Surviving Company and the Exchange Agent, and any other applicable
withholding agent (without duplication) (each, a Payor) shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement such Taxes as are required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the
making of such payment under any applicable Tax law; provided, that if any Payor determines that any payment hereunder is subject
to deduction and/or withholding, then it shall (i) provide at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice and
include the amount of and basis for such deduction or withholding to the relevant payee against whom such deduction or withholding is
expected to be made as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination and (ii) consult and cooperate with such payee reasonably
and in good faith to reduce or eliminate any such deduction or withholding to the extent permitted by applicable Tax law. The Company
may give effect to withholding hereunder by withholding (or causing to be withheld) any consideration issued in the form of Company Exchange
Shares, Company Exchange Warrants, Company Earnout Shares or other consideration issued in kind, and then selling (or instructing to
be sold) such portion of such consideration issued in kind to the extent necessary to satisfy the applicable withholding obligations.
Any amounts so deducted and withheld shall be paid over to the appropriate Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Tax law
and shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction or withholding
was made.

29 

Section 4.05.Earnout.
Following the Closing, if any of the following events occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout
Period), the Company may issue, or cause to be issued, to each of AMTD Digital, AMTD IDEA Group and AMTD Group Inc. (in accordance
with their respective pro rata share, calculated on the basis of the number of Company Class A Ordinary Shares held by them inter
se), such number of Company Class A Ordinary Shares which in aggregate represent 3% of the aggregate number of Company Class A
Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date such event occurs (collectively, the Company Earnout Shares):

(a)the
VWAP of the Company Class A Ordinary Shares is equal to or greater than $30.00 for forty (40) trading days during any continuous
sixty (60) trading day period; or

(b)(i) the
VWAP of the Company Class A Ordinary Shares is equal to or greater than $20.00 for forty (40) trading days during any continuous
sixty (60) trading day period; and (ii) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has acquired not less than 51% of the ownership interest
in a hotel of not less than 100 rooms (including with all permits, licenses, consents and approvals as may be required for such hotel
to operate) which is fully operating during the Earnout Period and not less than 51% interest in the management contract with respect
to such hotel; and (iii) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has acquired not less than 51% of the ownership interest in each
of at least five (5) Eligible Coffee Shops and not less than 51% interest in each management contract with respect to each such
Eligible Coffee Shop. As used herein, Eligible Coffee Shop means a commercial shop retailing coffee products under
the LOfficiel brand, which has not less than 20 seats and is fully operating during the Earnout Period and has all
permits, licenses, consents and approvals as may be required for it to operate (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any
pop-up shops or other shops or retail facilities of a temporary nature).

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.05
is intended to restrict the Company Boards discretion to issue equity incentives where it believes such issuance is in the best
interests of the Company after the Closing.

Section 4.06.Payments
to Sponsor and Public Non-Redeeming Shareholders.

(a)After
the Merger Effective Time, at the Closing, the Sponsor shall be entitled to receive from the Company a transaction bonus in an amount
equal to $5,560,000 (subject to reduction as a result of the Companys right to set off as set forth in Section 12.06) (the
Transaction Bonus Payment). The Parties agree that, to the extent any funds are available in the Trust Account,
the Transaction Bonus Payment shall be paid, in part or in whole, from such funds in the Trust Account and the Merger Surviving Company
shall request that Trustee withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Sponsor at the Closing such funds in satisfaction of
the Transaction Bonus Payment, provided that, to the extent the funds available in the Trust Account for distribution to the Sponsor
is less than the Transaction Bonus Payment, such shortfall shall be satisfied and paid by the Company.

30 

(b) After
the Closing, and after the payment of the Transaction Bonus Payment in accordance with Section 4.06(a), the Company shall make a payment,
in cash, to each Eligible BSII Shareholder who holds BSII Class A Ordinary Shares that has never elected to exercise its BSII Shareholder
Redemption Right in an amount equal to $1.25 multiplied by the number of BSII Class A Ordinary Shares (excluding BSII Class A Ordinary
Shares converted from BSII Class B Ordinary Shares) held by that Eligible BSII Shareholder on the Closing Date immediately before the
Merger Effective Time, subject to a holding period requirement as may be mutually agreed among the Company and BSII; provided, for the
avoidance of doubt, that any Company Shareholder upon the Closing that was an Eligible BSII Shareholder who elected to exercise its BSII
Shareholder Redemption Right shall not be entitled to receive this foregoing payment.

Article 5

Representations and Warranties of the Company

Except (a) as set forth in the Company Disclosure
Schedule (subject to Section 12.14) or (b) as otherwise
explicitly set out in this Agreement, the Company represents and warrants to BSII as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as
follows:

Section 5.01.Corporate
Existence and Power.

(a)The
Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has all requisite
corporate or similar organizational power and authority to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business as it is now being
conducted.

(b)Merger
Sub is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and was formed
solely for the purpose of consummating the Transactions.

(c)True
and complete copies of the Governing Documents of the Company (which for the purpose of this Section 5.01(c) shall not include
the Listing Articles) have been made available by the Company to BSII. Such Governing Documents are in full force and effect and, if
required under Applicable Law, have been registered with, as applicable, the appropriate Governmental Authorities. The Company is not
in violation of any of the provisions of its Governing Documents.

(d)The
Company is duly licensed or qualified and, where applicable, in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction)
as a foreign company in each jurisdiction in which the ownership or lease of its property or the character of its activities is such
as to require it to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction), as
applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

31 

Section 5.02.Corporate
Authorization.

(a)Other
than the Company Shareholders Approval, each of the Company and Merger Sub has all requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is (or is specified to be) a party, to perform its obligations hereunder
and thereunder, and (subject to the approvals described in Section 5.03) to consummate the Transactions. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is (or is specified to be) a party, and the consummation
of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized and approved by the Company Board, and the Merger Sub Board, and other than
the Company Shareholders Approvals, no other corporate or similar organizational action on the part of the Company, Merger Sub
or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any holders of any Equity Securities of the Company, Merger Sub or any of their respective
Subsidiaries is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by the Company and Merger Sub of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements
to which the Company or Merger Sub is (or is specified to be) a party, the performance by the Company or Merger Sub of its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the Transactions. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
each of the Company and Merger Sub and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the other Parties,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the Company and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of the Company and
Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity. Each
Ancillary Agreement to which the Company or Merger Sub is (or is specified to be) a party, when executed and delivered by the Company
or Merger Sub, will be duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company or Merger Sub, and, assuming such Ancillary Agreement constitutes
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the other parties thereto, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
or Merger Sub, enforceable against the Company or Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject,
as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.

(b)Each
of the Company Board and the Merger Sub Board has, by duly adopted resolutions and if applicable, at a meeting duly called and held,
unanimously (i) approved, as applicable, this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions, (ii) determined that
this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of, as applicable, the Company
and Merger Sub, and their respective shareholders, (iii) directed that the adoption of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
be submitted for approval, as applicable, by the shareholders of the Company and Merger Sub, and (iv) recommended that, as applicable,
the shareholders of the Company and Merger Sub approve this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions.

32 

Section 5.03.Governmental
Authorizations; Consents. Assuming the representations and warranties in Article 6 are true, correct and complete, no consent,
approval or authorization of, or designation, declaration to or filing with, notice to, or any other action by or in respect of, any
Governmental Authority or other Person is required on the part of the Company or Merger Sub with respect to the Companys or Merger
Subs execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is (or is specified to be)
a party or the consummation of the Transactions, except for (a) the filing of the Plan of Merger and related documentation with
the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies and the publication of notification of the Merger in the Cayman Islands Government Gazette
in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies Act, (b) the filing of the relevant documentation with the Cayman Islands Registrar
of Companies in respect of the adoption by the Company of the Listing Articles, the Recapitalization, and the issuances of Company Ordinary
Shares as contemplated in this Agreement, the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement and the Transactions contemplated hereunder
and thereunder, in each case to the extent applicable, (c) any consents, approvals, authorizations, designations, declarations,
filings, notices or actions, the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, material
to the Company or its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (d) approval for listing the Company Class A Ordinary Shares (including
the Company Warrant Shares) and Company Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement on the Qualified Stock Exchange.

Section 5.04.Noncontravention.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which the Company or Merger Sub is (or is specified
to be) a party by the Company or Merger Sub and the consummation of the Transactions do not and will not (a) contravene, conflict
with, or violate any provision of, or result in the breach of any Applicable Law, (b) contravene, conflict with, or violate any
provision of, or result in the breach of the Governing Documents of the Company or Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries,
(c) assuming the receipt of the consents, approvals, authorizations and other requirements set forth in Section 5.03,
conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any term, condition or provision of any Significant Contract, or terminate or result
in a default under, or require any consent, notice or other action by any Person under (with or without notice, or lapse of time, or
both) or the loss of any right under, or create any right of termination, acceleration or cancellation of, any Significant Contract,
or (d) result in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or Merger
Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or constitute an event which, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would result
in any such violation, breach, termination or creation of a Lien or result in a violation or revocation of any required license, Permit
or approval from any Governmental Authority or other Person, except, in each case of clauses (a), (c) and (d) above, (i) with
respect to Merger Sub, would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability
of Merger Sub to enter into and perform this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, and (ii) with respect to the Company, to the
extent that the occurrence of any of the foregoing would not reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, material
to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

33 

Section 5.05.Subsidiaries.

(a)The
Subsidiaries of the Company as of the date of this Agreement are set forth on Section 5.05(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
Each of the Subsidiaries of the Company has been duly incorporated, formed or organized and is validly existing and in good standing
(to the extent such concept exists in the jurisdiction of the relevant Subsidiary), where applicable, under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation, formation or organization and has all requisite corporate or similar organizational power and authority to own or lease
its properties and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. Each Subsidiary of the Company is duly licensed or qualified
and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the jurisdiction of the relevant Subsidiary) as a foreign company (or other
entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the character of its activities is such as
to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the jurisdiction of the relevant
Subsidiary), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept exists
in the jurisdiction of the relevant Subsidiary) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

(b)True
and complete copies of the Governing Documents of the Subsidiaries of the Company as of the date of this Agreement have been made available
to BSII and are in full force and effect and such Subsidiaries are not in violation of any of the provisions thereof.

Section 5.06.Capitalization.

(a)All
of the issued Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with Applicable Law, including
all applicable federal securities laws, and the Governing Documents of the Company, and are fully paid and were not issued in violation
of, any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, and are free and clear of all Liens and other restrictions (including
any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares), and are not subject to
any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, other than generally applicable transfer restrictions imposed by applicable
securities laws. Section 5.06(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list, as of the
date of this Agreement, of all the Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares that are authorized, issued or outstanding and the holders of
such Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares. Except as set forth in Section 5.06(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there
are no authorized, issued or outstanding Equity Securities of the Company. The Company Exchange Shares that will be issued pursuant to
the Transactions and the Company Class A Ordinary Shares that will be issued pursuant to the Recapitalization, have been, or will
be prior to such issuance, duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with Applicable Law, including all applicable federal securities
laws, and the Governing Documents of the Company, and are, or will be, fully paid and were not, and will not be, issued in violation
of, any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, and are, and will be at the time of issuance, free and clear of
all Liens and other restrictions (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such Company Exchange
Shares or Company Class A Ordinary Shares, as applicable, except for any restriction under this Agreement or any of the Ancillary
Agreements), and are not, and will not be, subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, other than under
this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements and generally applicable transfer restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws.

34

(b)Set
forth on Section 5.06(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is (i) the capitalization of each direct and indirect Subsidiary
of the Company, including the number of Equity Securities authorized, issued and outstanding (including the holder of any such Equity
Securities) for each such Subsidiary and (ii) the name of each other corporation, limited liability company, trust, partnership,
joint venture or other entity in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owns Equity Securities and the amount and the ownership
percentage represented by such Equity Securities, in each case as of the date of this Agreement. The outstanding Equity Securities of
each of the Companys Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are not
subject to, nor were they issued in violation of, any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights. Other than as set
forth on Section 5.06(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company or one or more of its wholly owned Subsidiaries own
of record and beneficially all the issued and outstanding Equity Securities of each Subsidiary of the Company free and clear of any Liens
other than Permitted Liens. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company owns of record beneficially 34,819,047 Class A ordinary
shares of AMTD Digital free and clear of any Liens.

(c)Other
than as set forth on Section 5.06(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or Section 5.06(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no Equity Securities of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. There are no outstanding obligations of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Equity Securities of the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company. There are no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries having
the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matter for which the equityholders
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company may vote. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any equityholders
agreement, voting agreement or registration rights agreement relating to the Equity Securities of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company. There are no declared but unpaid dividends or other distributions with regard to any issued and outstanding Equity Securities
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

(d)The
Company Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to the holders of BSII Ordinary Shares pursuant to this Agreement will, upon issuance
and delivery at the Closing, (i) be duly authorized and validly issued, and fully paid, (ii) be issued in compliance in all
material respects with Applicable Law, (iii) not be issued in breach or violation of any preemptive rights or Contract, and (iv) be
issued to such holders with good and valid title, free and clear of any Liens and any restrictions on transfer under this Agreement,
any of the Ancillary Agreements or Applicable Law.

35

Section 5.07.Financial
Statements.

(a)Attached
as Section 5.07(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule are true and complete copies of (i) the IFRS, PCAOB-audited combined
balance sheets and statements of income, other comprehensive loss, shareholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 and the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, together with the auditors
reports thereon (the Company Audited Financial Statements), and (ii) the auditor-reviewed, unaudited combined
balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2023 and the auditor-reviewed, unaudited combined statements of
income, other comprehensive loss, shareholders equity and cash flows for the six-month period ended June 30, 2023 (the Company
Unaudited Financial Statements and, together with the Company Audited Financial Statements, the Company Financial
Statements). The Company Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position,
results of operations, and changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates and
for the periods indicated in the Company Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS consistently applied throughout the period indicated.

(b)(i) The
Company Audited Financial Statements have been audited in accordance with PCAOB auditing standards by a PCAOB-qualified auditor that
was independent under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, (ii) the Company Financial Statements have been
prepared in all material respects in accordance with IFRS and, to the extent reasonably practicable, Regulation S-X, and (iii) the
Company Unaudited Financial Statements have been reviewed by a PCAOB-qualified auditor that was independent under Rule 2-01 of Regulation
S-X under the Securities Act in accordance with PCAOB Auditing Standard 4105.

(c)Other
than as set forth on Section 5.07(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its Subsidiaries have established
and maintained, and maintain, systems of internal controls over financial reporting. Such systems are designed to provide, in all material
respects, reasonable assurance that (i) all transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, (ii) all transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of proper and accurate financial statements
in accordance with IFRS and to maintain accountability for the Companys and its Subsidiaries assets and (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any material
differences, and (v) material information is communicated to management as appropriate. Other than as set forth on Section 5.07(c) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule none of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, an independent auditor of
the Company or its Subsidiaries, has identified or been made aware of (i) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the
system of internal accounting controls utilized or maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries, (ii) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves the Companys or its Subsidiaries management or other employees who have a significant role in the
preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized or maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries, or
(iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing.

36

(d)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or is subject to any commitment to become a party to, any joint venture, off-balance
sheet partnership or any similar Contract (including any Contract or arrangement relating to any transaction or relationship between
or among the Company and any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, on the other hand), including any
structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity or Person, or any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined
in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act), in each case, where the result, purpose or effect of such Contract is
to avoid disclosure of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the
Financial Statements.

(e)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received from any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries any written or, to the knowledge
of the Company, oral complaint, allegation, assertion or claim with respect to unlawful or potentially unlawful activity regarding accounting,
internal accounting controls, auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not independently identified or received any written notice from their independent accountants
regarding any of the foregoing.

(f)As
of the date hereof, the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any Indebtedness except as set forth in Section 5.07(f) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule.

Section 5.08.Undisclosed
Liabilities.

(a)Merger
Sub was incorporated solely for the purpose of effecting the Transactions and has not engaged in any business activities or conducted
any operations other than in connection with the Transactions and has no, and at all times prior to the Merger Effective Time except
as expressly contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, will have no, assets, liabilities or obligations of any kind
or nature whatsoever other than those incident to its formation.

(b)There
is no liability, debt or obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (x) required to be set forth on a balance sheet of
the Company in accordance with IFRS or (y) that is material, in each case of (x) and (y) except for liabilities, debts
and obligations (i) as (and to the extent) reflected or reserved for on the balance sheet of the Company as of June 30, 2024
or disclosed in the notes thereto included in the Company Financial Statements, (ii) that have arisen since June 30, 2024 in
the ordinary course of business (none of which results from, arises out of or was caused by any tortious conduct, breach of Contract,
infringement or violation of any Applicable Law by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or (iii) incurred in connection with
the Transactions.

Section 5.09.Absence
of Changes.

(a)Since
June 30, 2024, there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect.

37

(b)Since
June 30, 2024, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have, in all material respects, conducted their business and operated their
properties in the ordinary course of business and (ii) have not taken any action (or failed to take any action) that would violate
Section 7.01 if such action had been taken (or failed to be taken) after the date of this Agreement.

Section 5.10.Litigation
and Proceedings. Since January 1, 2022, there have not been any, and there are currently no, pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened, Actions against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, or,
to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors or employees, in their capacity as such except, in each case, as would
not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Since January 1, 2022,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any property or asset of the Company or any such Subsidiary, has been subject to
any Governmental Order that would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.11.Compliance
with Laws; Permits.

(a)The
Company and its Subsidiaries, are and since January 1, 2022 have been, in compliance with Applicable Law, except as would not reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Since January 1, 2022, (i) none of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been subjected to, or received any notification from, any Governmental Authority of a material
violation of any Applicable Law or any investigation by a Governmental Authority for actual or alleged material violation of any Applicable
Law, (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no claims have been filed against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, with any Governmental
Authority alleging any material failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to comply with any Applicable Law, and (iii) neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made a voluntary, directed, or involuntary disclosure to any Governmental Authority regarding
any alleged act or omission arising under or relating to any noncompliance with any Applicable Law.

(b)The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has all Permits that are required to own, lease or operate its properties and assets and to conduct
its business as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted (the Company Permits), except where the failure
to have such Company Permits would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
As of the date hereof, (i) each Company Permit is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, (ii) no outstanding
written notice of revocation, cancellation or termination of any Company Permit has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(iii) there are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened that seek the revocation, suspension, withdrawal,
adverse modification, cancellation or termination of any Company Permit, and (iv) each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
is, and has been since January 1, 2022, in compliance with all material Company Permits applicable to the Company or such Subsidiary
and to the knowledge of the Company, no condition exists that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default under such
Company Permits, in each case, except as would not be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The consummation
of the Transactions will not cause the revocation, modification or cancellation of any Company Permits, except for any such revocation,
modification or cancellation that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Section 5.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list of all material Company Permits.

38

Section 5.12.Significant
Contracts.

(a)Section 5.12(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party or is bound by falling within the following categories and in effect as of the date hereof (each Contract required to be listed
on Section 5.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and, as of the Closing, any other Contract in effect that
would have been required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 5.12(a) if in effect on the date hereof, a Significant
Contract; it being understood that the Company is not required to list any Contract with the suppliers, service providers
or customers of the Company or its Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of business on Section 5.12(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule) to the extent such Contract has been provided to BSII:

(i)any
Contract, the performance of which involves payments (A) by the Company or its Subsidiaries in the aggregate in excess of $4,000,000
in any fiscal year or (B) to the Company or its Subsidiaries in the aggregate in excess of $4,000,000 in any fiscal year;

(ii)any
Contract for the voting of Equity Securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(iii)any
Contract with a Top Vendor or Top Customer (other than purchase or service orders accepted, confirmed or entered into in the ordinary
course of business);

(iv)any
employment Contract with any of the directors, officers or top 10 compensated, based on annual target compensation for the fiscal year
ending on December 31, 2023, employees of the Company and/or one of its Subsidiaries;

(v)each
collective bargaining Contract (a Labor Contract);

(vi)any
Contract pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries leases, subleases, occupies or otherwise uses any real property that
involves aggregate payments of $4,000,000 in any calendar year;

(vii)any
Contract that (A) (1) contains a covenant not to compete in any line of business or solicit persons for employment (other than
non-disclosure agreements and confidentiality agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business), (2) grants exclusive
or preferential rights or most favored nations status to any person, or (3) obligates the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to purchase or obtain a minimum or specified amount of any product or service in excess of $4,000,000 in the aggregate, in each case
that is applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (B) prohibits the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from soliciting
any customers or strategic partners;

39

(viii)(A) any
Contract under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has granted to a third party any right, license, sublicense or covenant not
to sue with respect to any Intellectual Property that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than non-exclusive
licenses granted to suppliers, service providers, or customers in the ordinary course of business, or (B) any Contract pursuant
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries obtains any right, license, sublicense or covenant not to sue from a third party with
respect to any Intellectual Property that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than non-exclusive
licenses of commercial off-the-shelf Software and Open Source Software that are available to the public generally with annual license,
maintenance, support and other fees of less than $4,000,000;

(ix)any
Contract under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has (A) created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed (or may create, incur,
assume or guarantee) any Indebtedness (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any intercompany arrangements solely between or among the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries), (B) granted a Lien on its assets or group of assets, whether tangible or intangible, to secure
any Indebtedness, (C) extended credit to any Person that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other
than for goods and services, in each case in the ordinary course of business) or (D) granted a performance bond, letter of credit
or any other similar instrument, in each case, in excess of $4,000,000 in the aggregate;

(x)each
Contract with a Related Party which is currently in force or under which any party thereto has outstanding obligations (other than Company
Benefit Plans, confidentiality agreements or other agreements of a similar nature, or Contracts for compensation for services performed
by a Related Party as director, officer, service provider or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business and for immaterial amounts reimbursable for routine travel and other ordinary course business expenses);

(xi)each
Contract relating to the acquisition or disposition of any business (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise) or
that contains financial covenants, indemnities or other payment obligations (including earn-out or other contingent payment
obligations) in respect thereto that would reasonably be expected to result in the making of payments by the Company and its Subsidiaries
after the Closing Date in excess of $4,000,000;

(xii)any
Contract establishing any joint venture, strategic alliance, partnership or other collaboration, in each case relating to assets or businesses
valued at or involving payments in excess of $4,000,000;

40

(xiii)any
Contract involving any resolution or settlement of any actual or threatened litigation, arbitration, claim or other dispute under which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any ongoing obligations (either monetary or non-monetary) in an amount higher than $4,000,000;
and

(xiv)any
Contract which grants any Person a right of first refusal, right of first offer or similar right with respect to any properties, assets
or businesses of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(b)True
and correct copies of each Significant Contract (including any side letters, side agreements, amendments, addendums or supplements thereto)
as of the date hereof have been delivered to or made available to BSII. Each Significant Contract (other than a license of a Licensed
Intellectual Property which is addressed in Section 5.13(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) is in full force and effect
and represents the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company or the Subsidiary party thereto and, to the knowledge of the Company,
the counterparties thereto and is enforceable against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable), and to the knowledge of
the Company, the counterparties thereto, in accordance with its terms and conditions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party to any such Significant Contract is in material breach of or in material default
under such Significant Contract. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written claim or notice of breach of
or default under any Significant Contract (other than a license of a Licensed Intellectual Property which is addressed in Section 5.13(i) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule), and, to the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred which individually or together with other
events, would reasonably be expected to result in a breach of or a default under any Significant Contract (other than a license of a
Licensed Intellectual Property which is addressed in Section 5.13(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) by the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company party thereto or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto (in each case, with or without
notice or lapse of time or both), in each case except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no party to any Significant Contract (other than a license of a Licensed
Intellectual Property which is addressed in Section 5.13(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) has exercised termination rights
with respect thereto or has indicated in writing that it intends to terminate or materially modify its relationship with the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 5.13.Intellectual
Property.

(a)Section 5.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete
and accurate list of: (i) all registrations and applications for registration included in the Owned Intellectual Property as of the
date of this Agreement (the Registered Intellectual Property), including as to each such item, as applicable, (A)
the current owner or registrant, (B) the jurisdiction where the application, registration or issuance is filed, (C) the application,
registration or issue number and (D) the applicable application, registration or issue date, (ii) all material unregistered Owned Intellectual
Property, including Software owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) all material domain names of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
and (iv) to the knowledge of the Company, all material social media accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have not and do not operate a website or email account from any domain name, or, to the knowledge of the Company, operate
or utilize any social media account owned by a third party except as disclosed in Section 5.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

41

(b)Each
registration of Registered Intellectual Property (i) has not been abandoned, cancelled, allowed to lapse or adjudged invalid or
unenforceable in whole or in part, or otherwise subject to opposition, removal, amendment, challenge or surrender , (ii) has been
maintained effective by all requisite filings, renewals, payments and registration of transactions and (iii) is valid, subsisting,
enforceable and in full force and effect; and in the case of applications, subject to Section 5.13(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no oppositions nor any other action by third parties that would prevent the applications from being granted, and
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written advice from any in-house or external professional expressing doubt on the
scope, validity or enforceability of the registrations of the Registered Intellectual Property or, to the knowledge of the Company, that
there is a material likelihood that an application of Registered Intellectual Property is likely to be rejected.

(c)The
Company and its Subsidiaries have sufficient trade mark protection to protect their respective Trademarks from infringement, misappropriation
or violation from third parties, including valid, subsisting and enforceable registrations or otherwise licenses for all relevant material
trademarks used by the Company and its relevant Subsidiaries in the jurisdictions they offer, sell or supply their products.

(d)Except
as would not be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the Company and its Subsidiaries
(i) solely and exclusively own all right, title and interest (including all legal and beneficial interests) in and to the Owned
Intellectual Property (including all Registered Intellectual Property, the Global Digital Platform and the Global Digital Platform
Assets to the extent the Global Digital Platform Assets constitute Owned Intellectual Property) free from all Liens and
(ii) have a valid and enforceable right to use all Licensed Intellectual Property, in each case, free and clear of all Liens
(other than Permitted Liens).

(e)The
Owned Intellectual Property: (i) has not been licensed to any third party on an exclusive basis; (ii) to the knowledge of the
Company, is fully enforceable against third parties (and there have been no acts or omissions that would prejudice the enforcement by
the Company and its Subsidiaries, including acquiescence by the Company, its Subsidiaries, directors, employees or other representatives
in any unauthorised use by third parties). There are no restrictions on the Companys disclosure, use, license or transfer of the
Owned Intellectual Property or any agreements to that effect.

(f)The
Company and its Subsidiaries use commercially reasonable efforts in accordance with generally accepted industry practice to maintain,
enforce and protect the confidentiality of all their respective Owned Intellectual Property and Business Intellectual Property, the value
of which to their business is contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof, including requiring all employees, consultants
and independent contractors to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such Intellectual Property pursuant to written, valid and enforceable
confidentiality agreements. To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no disclosure of or unauthorized access to any material trade
secrets or material confidential information owned by the Company other than under written confidentiality agreements in the ordinary
course of business sufficiently protective to preserve the confidentiality of such trade secrets and confidential information.

42

(g)The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries own or have a valid and enforceable license or other right to use any and all Intellectual Property
used or held for use in the conduct of the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or contemplated
to be conducted as of the Closing Date (Business Intellectual Property). The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the loss, alteration, encumbrance, termination,
extinguishment or impairment of any rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries in the Business Intellectual Property.

(h)Without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing:

(i)Section 5.13(h)(i) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule is an accurate and complete list of all AMTD Intellectual Property that is registered and all AMTD Intellectual
Property that is unregistered and material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and all material domain names and social
media accounts included in AMTD Intellectual Property;

(ii)the
license and other rights recorded in and granted by AMTD Group Inc. to the Company and its Subsidiaries under the AMTD-Company Intellectual
Property License and its Subsidiaries under relevant license agreements have been and are sufficient to enable the Company and its relevant
Subsidiaries to use, and grants the Company and its relevant Subsidiaries the rights to use the AMTD Intellectual Property as applicable
in all manners as the relevant AMTD Intellectual Property are currently used, were used prior to the Closing Date or are contemplated
to be used as of the Closing Date, in each case, by the Company and the relevant Subsidiaries;

(iii)the
Company and its Subsidiaries possess enforceable rights to use the Global Digital Platform and the Global Digital Platform Assets
that are sufficient to enable the Company and its relevant Subsidiaries to use the Global Digital Platform Assets and the Global
Digital Platform in all manners as the Global Digital Platform and the relevant Global Digital Platform Assets are currently
used, were used prior to the Closing Date or are contemplated to be used as of the Closing Date, in each case, by the Company and
its relevant Subsidiaries; and

(iv) all right, title and interest in, and control over, the Global Digital Platform have been assigned and transferred to, and solely
vested in, LOfficiel Publishing Group Inc. and no other Person, including LEJ and its Affiliates, retains or possesses any such
right, title, interest or control.

43

(i)Without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, in respect of each license of the Licensed Intellectual Property: (i) each license
is duly and validly authorized and approved by and in full force and effect and binding on the parties to it; (ii) except non-exclusive
licenses of commercial off-the-shelf Software and Open Source Software that are available to the public generally, no license grants
to any third party any ownership right or exclusive interest in relation to any derivative works or improvements made by or on behalf
of the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to such license; (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, the terms of the licenses have
been complied with by the parties in all material respects, no notice of termination, breach or default of a license to any Licensed
Intellectual Property has been received or served by the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are
no grounds on which they might be terminated and no grounds on which a breach or default claim may be made under such license in each
case except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (iv) no disputes have arisen and, to the
knowledge of the Company, no circumstances exist which are likely to give rise to a dispute; and (v) to the knowledge of the Company,
there is no reason to believe that the licenses will not be renewed when they expire on the same or substantially similar terms.

(j)To
the knowledge of the Company, other than as set forth in Section 5.13(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor the conduct of their respective businesses, has, since January 1, 2022, infringed, misappropriated
or otherwise violated, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, are any of them infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, any
third partys Intellectual Property rights. No Action is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, has been threatened against
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) alleging any infringement, misappropriation or violation of any third partys Intellectual
Property rights by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) based upon, or challenging or seeking to deny or restrict, the
rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any of their respective Owned Intellectual Property, relevant Licensed Intellectual
Property or material Business Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of the Company, other than as set forth in Section 5.13(j) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, no third party has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, or is infringing, misappropriating
or otherwise violating, any Owned Intellectual Property, Licensed Intellectual Property or material Business Intellectual Property to
the extent relevant to the business of the Company and the relevant Subsidiaries.

(k)No
funding, facilities, personnel or resources of any Governmental Authority or any university, college, research institute or other educational
institution was used in the development of any material Owned Intellectual Property, except for any such funding or use of facilities,
personnel or resources that has not resulted in such Governmental Authoritys or institutions obtaining ownership or other
exclusive rights to such Owned Intellectual Property.

(l)All
current and former officers, employees, contractors and consultants or other persons who contributed to the discovery, creation or development
of any material Owned Intellectual Property for or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have transferred all of their
rights, title and interest in and to such Owned Intellectual Property to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries pursuant to Applicable
Law and/or binding written agreements, free from Liens. No such officer, employee, contractor or consultant or other person has asserted
any right, license, claim or interest whatsoever in or with respect to any such material Owned Intellectual Property.

44

(m)The
use of Open Source Software by the Company and its Subsidiaries and in the operation of their businesses, including the use and distribution
of products and services incorporating any such Open Source Software by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, is in compliance
with the terms and conditions of all applicable licenses for such Open Source Software, including notice and attribution obligations
with respect thereto. None of the Software included in the Owned Intellectual Property contains any Open Source Software, and neither
the Company nor its Subsidiaries have used Open Source Software as part of any application licensed or otherwise made available to third
parties.

(n)The
Company and its Subsidiaries are in possession of the source code to the Software included in the Owned Intellectual Property and no
third party has a copy of that source code. None of the Software included in the Owned Intellectual Property or otherwise distributed
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) contains any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, bombs, backdoors, clocks, timers or similar
harmful or hidden programs, malware or other disabling device or malicious code, design or routine or (ii) with respect to Software
included in the Owned Intellectual Property, is subject to any agreement with any Person under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has any duty or obligation to deliver, license or make available a copy of that source code available, or has deposited, or could be
required to deposit, into escrow the source code of such Software and no such source code has been released to any Person, or is entitled
to be released to any Person (on a contingent basis or otherwise), by any escrow agent, escrow service or similar third party. The consummation
of the Transactions will not trigger the release of any source code of any Software included in the Owned Intellectual Property.

(o)The
Company and its Subsidiaries own the Company IT Systems free from any and all Liens. The Company IT Systems are fully functional and
operate and perform in accordance with their documentation and functional specifications and otherwise in a manner that, in all material
respects, permits the Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct their business as currently conducted and are in sufficiently good working
condition to effectively perform all information technology operations undertaken in the course of the conduct of their businesses as
currently conducted, and the Company and its Subsidiaries have the benefit of valid and binding arrangements for the maintenance and
support of the Company IT Systems. The Company and its Subsidiaries have in place commercially reasonable measures, consistent with current
applicable industry standards, to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of the Company IT Systems, and all information
and transactions stored or contained therein or transmitted thereby, against any unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification
or corruption, and such measures include commercially reasonable security protocol technologies, including the implementation of commercially
reasonable (i) safeguards and security protocol technologies designed to protect against unauthorized access to, and unauthorized
use, alteration, disclosure or distribution of Personally Identifiable Information, (ii) data backup, (iii) disaster avoidance
and recovery procedures, (iv) security assessments, including penetration tests (and have fully remediated any critical or high
risk vulnerabilities identified in its security assessments), and (v) business continuity procedures. There has been no Security
Incident involving the Company IT Systems owned by or under the control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any data or information,
including Personally Identifiable Information, stored or contained therein or transmitted thereby.

45

Section 5.14.Data
Privacy.

(a)The
Company and its Subsidiaries have developed, implemented and maintained a written data protection, data privacy and cybersecurity program
(the Data Protection Program) that is in compliance with all material Privacy Requirements. Since January 1,
2022, no Person has received or, to the knowledge of the Company, claimed any compensation or damages from the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or has brought, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing to bring, any material Action against the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries in relation to any Security Incident for or arising as a result of any actual or alleged violation, breach
or other material non-compliance with or of any Privacy Requirement, and, to the Companys knowledge, no facts or circumstances
exist that might give rise to any such claim.

(b)To
the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have at all times complied, and are currently in compliance, in all material
respects with all Privacy Requirements with respect to the Processing of Personally Identifiable Information, including (i) providing
adequate notice and obtaining any necessary consents from customers (to the extent legally required under the Privacy Requirements) required
for the Processing of the Company PII as conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) abiding by
any privacy choices (including opt-outs, do-not-calls or similar choices) of end users relating to Personally Identifiable Information.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are not, and since January 1, 2022, have not been, subject to a Governmental Order of, and have
not, since January 1, 2022, received a written notice from, a Governmental Authority regarding actual or alleged non-compliance
with or violation of any Privacy Requirement. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps to ensure the
reliability of their employees, representatives, consultants, contractors and agents that have access to Company PII, to provide training
to such individuals on all applicable Privacy Requirements and to ensure that all such employees, representatives, consultants, contractors
and agents with the right to access such Company PII are subject to appropriate legally binding obligations of confidentiality with respect
to such Company PII.

(c)To
the knowledge of the Company, each of the Companys and its Subsidiaries third-party data suppliers, vendors, and partners
that Process Company PII or other Personally Identifiable Information on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries are in compliance
in all material respects with the Privacy Requirements and, to the knowledge of the Company, since January 1, 2022, there has been
no unauthorized or illegal Processing, or other material breach, violation or default (or event that, with or without the giving of notice
or lapse of time, would constitute a breach, violation or default) by any such supplier, vendor or other partner of any Privacy Requirements.
To the knowledge of the Company, no circumstances have arisen in which the Privacy Requirements would require the Company or its Subsidiaries
to notify any Governmental Authority of any Security Incident.

46

(d)To
the knowledge of the Company, the consummation of the Transactions will not breach any Privacy Requirement.

Section 5.15.Company
Benefit Plans.

(a)Section 5.15(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each material Company
Benefit Plan and specifies the jurisdiction of such Company Benefit Plan. A Company Benefit Plan means any
employee compensation and benefit contracts, plans, policies, programs, or arrangements, and each other change in control,
transaction bonus, equity or equity-based compensation, severance, retention, employment, change-of-control, bonus, incentive,
deferred compensation, retirement, pension, profit-sharing, vacation, disability, medical (including any self-insured arrangement),
dental, vision, disability or sick leave benefits, post-retirement benefits (including compensation, pension, health, medical or
insurance benefits), health, welfare, prescription, or other fringe or employee benefit plan, agreement, program, policy, or
arrangement (other than offer letters for at-will employment without an obligation for severance, except as required by Applicable
Law, or guaranteed bonus or similar payment), in each case whether written or unwritten (i) that is maintained, sponsored,
administered, entered into or contributed to (or required to be contributed to) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the
current or future benefit of any current or former Service Provider or (ii) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has or is reasonably expected to have any direct or indirect obligation or liability, excluding any such plan, agreement, program,
policy or arrangement sponsored by a Governmental Authority in respect of which the Company does not and could not reasonably be
expected to have any material liability. As of the date hereof and except as contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has made any plan or commitment to establish or contribute to any new Company Benefit Plan or materially
modify any existing Company Benefit Plan.

(b)With
respect to each material Company Benefit Plan, the Company has delivered or made available to BSII copies of, if applicable,
(i) such Company Benefit Plan and any amendments thereto (or, if oral, a written summary thereof), (i) any trust or
funding agreement related thereto (ii) the most recent summary plan description (if applicable), (iii) the most recent
annual report on Form 5500 and all attachments thereto filed with the Internal Revenue Service (if applicable) including all
schedules thereto, financial statements and any related actuarial reports, (iv) all material or non-routine correspondence or
other communications received since January 1, 2022 from any Governmental Authority regarding such Company Benefit Plan,
(v) the most recent determination or opinion letter issued by the Internal Revenue Service, and (vi) documents that are
substantially comparable (taking into account differences in Applicable Law and practices) to the documents provided in clauses
(i) through (vi).

47

(c)Each
Company Benefit Plan has been established, maintained, and administered in compliance with its terms and Applicable Law. All contributions
and other payments required by and due under the terms of each Company Benefit Plan have been timely made in all material respects and
all material forms, reports, or returns required to be filed with any Governmental Authority with respect to each Company Benefit Plan
have been timely and properly filed.

(d)None
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries sponsors, maintains, contributes to (or is obligated to contribute to), or has any material
liability in respect of, or at any time in the six (6) years preceding the date hereof has sponsored, maintained, contributed to
(or was obligated to contribute to), or had any material liability in respect of, a defined benefit pension plan. No Company Benefit
Plan provides any post-termination or retiree life or health insurance or other material employee welfare benefit to any Person, except
as may be required by any Applicable Law.

(e)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, there are, and since January 1,
2022 there have been, (i) no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened Actions (other than routine claims for benefits
in the ordinary course of business) with respect to any Company Benefit Plan, and (ii) no audits, material inquiries, or proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing by any Governmental Authority with respect to any Company Benefit
Plan.

(f) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, each Company
Benefit Plan (i) if intended to qualify for special tax treatment, meets all the requirements for such treatment, and (iii) if
required, to any extent, to be funded, book-reserved or secured by an insurance policy, is fully funded, book-reserved or secured by
an insurance policy, as applicable, based on reasonable actuarial assumptions in accordance with applicable accounting principles.

(g)Except
as disclosed on Section 5.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company
nor the consummation of any of the Transactions (either alone or in connection with any other event, contingent or otherwise) will (i) result
in any payment or benefit (including notice, severance, golden parachute, bonus, commission, or otherwise) becoming due to any current
or former Service Provider, (ii) result in any forgiveness of Indebtedness to any current or former Service Provider, (iii) increase
any compensation or benefits otherwise payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or under any Company Benefit Plan, (iv) result
in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any compensation or benefits. No amount that could be received (whether in cash
or property or the vesting of property) by any disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) under
any Company Benefit Plan or otherwise could, separately or in the aggregate, be nondeductible under Section 280G of the Code or
subjected to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, in either case, as a result of the consummation of the Transactions.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have an obligation to make a gross-up or similar payment in respect of
any taxes that may become payable under Section 4999, 409A or 457A of the Code.

48

Section 5.16.Labor
Matters.

(a)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, subject to, or in the process of entering into, any Labor Contract (whether written
or unwritten) applicable to current or former Service Providers, nor are there any Service Providers represented by a works council or
a labor organization or, to the knowledge of the Company, activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any Service Providers.
The consent of or consultation with, or the rendering of formal advice by, any labor or trade union, works council or other employee
representative body is not required for the Company to enter into this Agreement or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

(b)Since
January 1, 2022, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has been in compliance with Applicable Law regarding labor and employment,
including provisions thereof relating to wages, hours, collective bargaining, labor management relations, overtime, employee classification,
discrimination, sexual harassment, civil rights, equal opportunity, affirmative action, work authorization, immigration, safety and health,
plant closings and mass layoffs, workers compensation, continuation coverage under group health plans, wage payment and the payment and
withholding of Taxes (collectively, the Employment Laws), (ii)there have been no pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened complaints against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding unfair labor practices before any Governmental Authority,
(iii) there has been no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened (and the Company does not otherwise reasonably anticipate),
strike, labor dispute, slowdown, work stoppage or other labor stoppage or disruption with respect to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, (iv) there have been no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened Actions against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Employment Laws, and (v) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material
liability with respect to any misclassification of: (A) any Person as an independent contractor rather than as an employee, (B) any
employee currently self-employed or employed by another employer, or (C) any employee currently or formerly classified as exempt
from any entitlement to overtime wages.

(c)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has any joint employer liability with respect to any use of service providers, including any independent
contractors or other Persons employed by a third-party employment agency or similar provider. Since January 1, 2022: (x) no
current or former Service Provider has, to the knowledge of the Company, made written allegations of sexual harassment with potential
merit against (A) any current or former officer or director of the Company or its Subsidiaries or (B) any Company employee
who, directly or indirectly, supervises at least ten (10) Service Providers, and (y) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
have entered into any settlement agreement as a result of any such allegations of sexual harassment or sexual misconduct by a Service
Provider.

49

Section 5.17.Taxes.

(a)All
material Tax Returns required to be filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (taking into account applicable extensions) have
been timely filed, and all such Tax Returns (taking into account all amendments thereto) are true, correct and complete in all material
respects. The Company and its Subsidiaries have paid all material Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) that are due and payable
by the Company and its Subsidiaries, except with respect to matters contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, or with respect
to which adequate reserves have been made in accordance with IFRS.

(b)Except
for Permitted Liens, there are no Liens for Taxes upon the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(c)All
material amounts of Taxes required to be withheld by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been withheld and, to the extent required,
have been paid over to the appropriate Governmental Authority.

(d)None
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authority written notice of any threatened, proposed, or
assessed deficiency for any material Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for such deficiencies that have been satisfied
by payment, settled or withdrawn. To the knowledge of the Company, no material audit or other proceeding by any Governmental Authority
is in progress with respect to any Taxes due from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received written notice from any Governmental Authority that any such audit or proceeding is contemplated or pending.

(e)No
written claim has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company does not pay a particular type of Tax or
file a particular type of Tax Return that it is or may be required to file such type of Tax Return or pay such type of Tax in such jurisdiction.
Since the later of the date of formation or acquisition by the Company, as applicable, no written claim has been made by any Governmental
Authority in a jurisdiction where any Subsidiary does not pay a particular type of Tax or file a particular type of Tax Return that it
is or may be required to file such type of Tax Return or pay such type of Tax in such jurisdiction.

(f)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has a request for a private letter ruling, a request for administrative relief, a request for
technical advice or a request for a change of any method of accounting pending with any Governmental Authority. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has extended the statute of limitations for assessment, collection or other imposition of any Tax (other than
pursuant to an extension of time to file a Tax Return of not more than seven months obtained in the ordinary course of business), which
extension is currently in effect.

50

(g)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any Tax sharing, indemnification or allocation agreement or other similar
Contract, other than any customary commercial Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, in each case, which do not primarily
relate to Taxes or (i) any such agreement solely among the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(h)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has ever been a member of an Affiliated Group (other than an Affiliated Group the common parent
of which is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and which consists only of the Company and its Subsidiaries). Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has liability for the Taxes of any other Person (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) under Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of Applicable Law), as transferor or successor, by Contract (other than pursuant
to any customary commercial Contract or Contract entered into in the ordinary course of business, in each case, which does not principally
relate to Taxes) or otherwise.

(i)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction
from, taxable income for any Tax period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of: (i) any change in method
of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing; (ii) any closing agreement as described in Section 7121
of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign income Tax law) executed on or prior to the Closing;
(iii) any installment sale or open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing; or (iv) any deferred revenue or
prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing outside the ordinary course of business.

(j)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a party to any listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.6011-4(b)(2), or any other transaction requiring disclosure under analogous provisions of U.S. state, local or non-U.S.
law.

(k)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a (i) surrogate foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 7874(a)(2)(B) of
the Code, (ii) U.S. corporation under Section 7874(b) of the Code or (iii) stapled entity within the meaning of Section 269B
of the Code.

(l) Based
on its current and expected income and assets (taking into account the expected cash proceeds to be received by the Company from the
Transactions and the Companys anticipated market capitalization following the Transactions) the Company believes it was not a
passive foreign investment company (PFIC) within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code for its taxable year
ending December 31, 2023 and does not expect to be a PFIC for its taxable year ending December 31, 2024 or in the foreseeable
future.

(m)All
material payments between or among the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or between or among its Subsidiaries and any material transactions
between or among the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or between or among its Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable transfer
pricing requirements imposed by Applicable Law, including proper documentation and reporting as required by any Applicable Law related
to transfer pricing.

51

(n)Merger
Sub has not filed an IRS Form 8832 electing to be treated as a partnership or an entity disregarded as separate from its owner for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. As of immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be a direct, wholly owned Subsidiary
of the Company.

(o)None
of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or predecessors by merger or consolidation has been a party to any transaction intended to
qualify under Section 355 of the Code.

(p)The
prices and terms of the provision of any property or services by or to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are arms length
for purposes of the relevant transfer pricing laws, and all related documentation required by such laws has been timely prepared or obtained
and, if necessary, retained.

(q)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in or cooperated with, or has agreed to participate in or cooperate with, or
is participating in or cooperating with, any international boycott within the meaning of Section 999 of the Code.

Section 5.18.Insurance.
Section 5.18 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all material policies of insurance
held by, or for the benefit of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement. True, correct and complete copies
of such insurance policies, together with all amendments, modifications, or supplements thereto have been provided to BSII. With respect
to each such insurance policy: (a) the policy is legal, valid, binding and to the knowledge of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with its terms and is in full force and effect, (b) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material breach or default
(including any such breach or default with respect to the payment of premiums or the giving of notice), and to the knowledge of the Company,
no event has occurred which, with or without notice or the lapse of time or both, will constitute such a breach or default, or permit
termination or modification, under the policy, (c) to the knowledge of the Company, no insurer on any such policy has been declared
insolvent or placed in receivership, conservatorship or liquidation, (d) no written notice of cancellation, termination, non-renewal,
disallowance or reduction in coverage has been received (or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened), nor has there been any lapse
in coverage since January 1, 2022 and (e) there are no material claims by the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries pending under
any of the insurance policies as to which coverage has been denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or in respect of
which such underwriters have reserved their rights. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have any material self-insurance
programs. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no fact, condition, situation or set of circumstances (including the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby) that could reasonably be expected to result in or be the basis for any material premium increase
with respect to, or material alteration of coverage under, any insurance policy. The insurance policies are with reputable insurance
carriers and provide coverage to the Company and its Subsidiaries against all risk of the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries
that to the knowledge of the Company are reasonable and appropriate considering the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including
the Contracts to which they are bound).

52

Section 5.19.Real
Property; Assets.

(a)Except
as would not have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the Company and/or
its Subsidiaries own and possess good and marketable fee simple, or local equivalent, title in and to that certain real property described
on Schedule 5.19(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, in each case, free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens (the Owned
Real Property), and none of the Owned Real Property is subject to or encumbered by any option, right of first refusal or other
contractual right or obligation to sell, lease, sublease, assign or otherwise dispose of such Owned Real Property.

(b)Section 5.19(b) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule (i) correctly describes, as of the date hereof, all real property that the Company and its Subsidiaries
lease, sublease, use, license or operate and (ii) contains a complete and accurate list of Leased Real Property. The Owned Real
Property and the Leased Real Property constitute all of the real property occupied or operated by the Company and its Subsidiaries in
connection with their business.

(c)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (A) each lease
related to the Leased Real Property to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party is a legal, valid, binding and enforceable
obligation of the Company or its Subsidiaries party thereto, and to the knowledge of the Company, the counterparties thereto, and is
in full force and effect, (B) the Company and its Subsidiaries have valid leasehold interests in, and enjoy undisturbed possession
of, all Leased Real Property, and (C) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or default under any such lease,
and no condition exists which (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) would constitute a default by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries thereunder or, to the knowledge of the Company, by the other parties thereto.

(d)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have subleased or otherwise granted any Person the right to use or occupy any Leased Real Property,
which is still in effect, that involve aggregate payments of $4,000,000 in any calendar year. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
have mortgaged, deeded in trust, collaterally assigned or granted any other security interest in the Leased Real Property or any interest
therein, which is still in effect. Except for Permitted Liens, there exist no Liens affecting all or any portion of the Leased Real Property
created by, through or under the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e)There
are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened (i) Actions or other proceedings to take all or any portion of the
Leased Real Property or any interests therein by eminent domain or any condemnation proceeding (or the jurisdictional equivalent thereof)
or (ii) sales or dispositions in relation to any such Action or proceeding. There is no purchase option, right of first refusal,
first option or other similar right held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to, or any real estate, building or other
improvement affected by, any portion of the Leased Real Property.

53

(f)The
Company and its Subsidiaries have good title to, or in the case of leased properties and assets, have valid leasehold interests in, all
of the property and assets (whether personal, tangible or intangible) reflected on the Company Financial Statements or acquired by the
Company and its Subsidiaries after June 30, 2024, except for properties, assets and rights sold since June 30, 2024 in the
ordinary course of business (or, with respect to such properties and assets sold after the date of this Agreement, as permitted pursuant
to Section 7.01) or where the failure to have such good title or valid leasehold interests would not reasonably be expected
to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.20.Environmental
Matters.

(a)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect: (A) the Company
and its Subsidiaries are, and at all times since their respective dates of incorporation, organization, or formation have been, in compliance
with all Environmental Laws, and (B) there are no existing facts or circumstances which would reasonably be expected to prevent
such compliance in the future and all Permits held by the Company pursuant to applicable Environmental Laws (if any) are in full force
and effect and no appeal or any other Action is pending to revoke or modify any such Permit.

(b)No
notice of violation, demand, request for information, citation, summons or order has been received by the Company relating to or arising
out of any Environmental Laws, other than those relating to matters that have been fully resolved or that remain pending and, if adversely
determined, would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to indemnify any other Person against liability under Environmental Laws, or to assume or undertake
any liability of another Person under Environmental Laws (other than pursuant to any customary commercial Contract entered into in the
ordinary course of business which does not principally relate to Environmental Laws and which is not in respect of any material liability
or potential liability under Environmental Laws).

(d)Copies
of all material written reports (in the case of reports with multiple drafts or versions, the final draft or version), notices of violation,
orders, audits, assessments and all other material environmental reports, in the possession, custody or control of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, relating to environmental conditions in, on or about the Leased Real Property or to the Companys or its Subsidiaries
compliance with Environmental Laws have been made available to BSII.

54

Section 5.21.Affiliate
Transactions. Except for any Company Benefit Plan (including any employment or stock appreciation rights agreements entered into
in the ordinary course of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or as set forth in Section 5.21 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no (a) Company Shareholder, (b) former or current director, officer, manager, employee, authorized representative,
indirect or direct equityholder, optionholder or member of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (c) any Affiliate or associate
or any member of the immediate family (as such terms are respectively defined in Rules 12b-2 and 16a-1 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934), of any Person described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), in each case, other than the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries (each a Related Party), is (i) a party to any Contract or business arrangement with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) provides any services to, or is owed any money by or owes any money to, or has any claim
or right against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than, in each case, compensation for services performed by a Person as
director, officer, service provider or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and amounts reimbursable for routine travel
and other business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or (iii) directly or indirectly owns, or otherwise has any right,
title or interest in, to or under, any tangible or intangible property, asset, or right that is, has been, or is currently planned to
be used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each of clauses (i) through (iii) in excess of $4,000,000.

Section 5.22.Vendors.
Section 5.22 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of the Top Vendors, and the amount of consideration
paid to such suppliers for such period. Since June 30, 2024, no Top Vendor has cancelled, terminated, reduced or altered (including
any material reduction in the rate or amount of sales or purchases or material increase in the prices charged or paid, as the case may
be) its business relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than due to the expiration of an existing contractual
arrangement, and the Company has not received a written notice from any of the Top Vendors stating the intention of such Person to do
so.

Section 5.23.Customers.
Section 5.23 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of the Top Customers, and the revenue
generated from such customers for such period. Since June 30, 2024, no Top Customer has cancelled, terminated, reduced or altered
(including any material reduction in the rate or amount of sales or purchases or material increase in the prices charged or paid, as
the case may be) its business relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than due to the expiration of an existing
contractual arrangement, and the Company has not received a written notice from any of the Top Customers stating the intention of such
Person to do so.

55

Section 5.24.Certain
Business Practices; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions.

(a)The
Company and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Company, each of the Companys and its Subsidiaries respective
officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting on its behalf, have in the past five years complied with,
are and will be in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws.

(b)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries respective
officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries, in the
past five years (i) has offered, promised, given or authorized the giving of money or anything else of value, whether directly or
through another Person, to (A) any Government Official or (B) any other Person with the knowledge that all or any portion of
the money or thing of value will be offered or given to a Government Official, in each of the foregoing clauses (A) and (B) for
the purpose of influencing any action or decision of the Government Official in his or her official capacity, including a decision to
fail to perform his or her official duties, inducing the Government Official to use his or her influence with any Governmental Authority
to affect or influence any official act, or otherwise obtaining an improper advantage; or (ii) has made or will make or authorize
any other Person to make any payments or transfers of value which have the purpose or effect of commercial bribery, or acceptance or
acquiescence in kickbacks or other unlawful or improper means of obtaining or retaining business. For purposes of the foregoing clauses
(A) and (B), a Person shall be deemed to have knowledge with respect to conduct, circumstances or results if such
Person is aware of (i) the existence of or (ii) a high probability of the existence of such conduct, circumstances or results.

(c)The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has maintained and currently maintains (i) books, records and accounts which, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (ii) internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that all transactions and access to assets of each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries were, have been and are executed only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization.

(d)The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has in place policies, procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to promote and ensure
compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws.

(e)To
the knowledge of the Company, none of the Companys nor any of its Subsidiaries respective beneficial owners, officers,
directors, employees, agents, representatives or other persons acting on their behalf is or was a Government Official having the power
to decide on policies affecting the Companys operations or a close family member of such Government Official.

(f)To
the knowledge of the Company, no Governmental Authority is investigating or has in the past five years conducted, initiated or threatened
any investigation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Companys or its Subsidiaries respective officers, directors
or employees for alleged violation of Anti-Corruption Laws in connection with activities relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

56

(g)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries Affiliates, nor to the knowledge of
the Company, any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons
acting on its behalf, is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered
by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (ii) located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk
Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and
Syria) (collectively, the Sanctioned Territories) or has conducted business with any Person or entity, or any of
its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting on its behalf, that is (i) the subject of any
Sanctions, or (ii) located, organized or resident in any of the Sanctioned Territories.

(h)The
operations of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in the past five years in compliance
with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title
III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001
(USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct
business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no Action involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened; provided, however, that in respect of those of the Companys Subsidiaries that have been acquired by the Company during the past
five years, in relation to the operations of such Subsidiaries prior to acquisition, the foregoing representation is given to the knowledge
of the Company, having conducted reasonable and customary due diligence in respect of such Subsidiary.

(i)There
are no (i) claims, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, penalties, actions, judgments and/or written allegations asserted
against, paid or payable by the Company or each of its Subsidiaries, or any of their directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives
or other Persons acting on their behalf in relation to the conduct of the business by such Company or Subsidiaries in connection with
non-compliance with any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions by such Person, or (ii) completed,
outstanding or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened investigations (whether by the Company or each of its Subsidiaries, any third
parties or Governmental Authority) involving possible non-compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws
and Sanctions by any directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives of the Company or each of its Subsidiaries or other Persons
acting on their behalf. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances which may be reasonably expected to give rise to
any such claims, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, penalties, actions, judgments, allegations and/or investigations.

57

Section 5.25.Registration
Statement and Proxy Statement. On the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b), the date that the Proxy Statement (or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to BSII Shareholders, and at the time of the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting,
assuming the disclosures of BSII and Affiliates contained in the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement (together with any amendments
or supplements thereto) are true, correct and complete, none of the information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub
in writing specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement or Proxy Statement will include any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. All documents that the Company is responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the Transactions
will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

Section 5.26.Bankruptcy, Insolvency
or Judicial Composition Proceedings. To the knowledge of the Company, no bankruptcy, insolvency or judicial composition proceedings
concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been applied for. To the knowledge of the Company, no circumstances exist which
would require an application for any bankruptcy, insolvency or judicial composition proceedings concerning the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. No steps have been taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or proposed by or to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
for the winding-up, bankruptcy, administration, insolvency or dissolution of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is insolvent under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or unable to pay its debts as they fall
due and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has stopped paying its debts when due or indicated in writing an intention to
do so.

Section 5.27.Brokers
Fees. Section 5.27 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth each broker, finder, investment banker, intermediary or other
Person that is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee or other commission in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements
made by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates.

Section 5.28.No
Additional Representations and Warranties; No Outside Reliance. Except for the representations and warranties provided in this Article 5,
and the representations and warranties as may be provided in the Ancillary Agreements, neither the Company nor any of their respective
Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any of their respective directors, managers, officers, employees, equity holders, partners, members,
advisors, agents or representatives has made, or is making, any representation or warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever, oral or
written, express or implied, relating to or with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to BSII.
Neither the Company nor any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any of their respective directors, managers, officers,
employees, equityholders, partners, members, advisors, agents or representatives has made, or is making, any representation or warranty
of any kind or nature whatsoever, oral or written, express or implied, relating or with respect to any financial information, financial
projections, forecasts, budgets or any other document or information made available to BSII or any other Person (including information
provided in any formal or informal management presentation) except for the representations and warranties made by the Company to BSII
in this Article 5 and the representations and warranties as may be provided in the Ancillary Agreements. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries hereby expressly disclaims any representations or warranties other than those expressly given by the Company in
this Article 5 and as may be provided in the Ancillary Agreements. The Company and Merger Sub acknowledge and agree that, except
for the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 or the Ancillary Agreements, neither BSII nor any of its Affiliates
nor any other Person has made or is making any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of
any information, data, or statement regarding BSII or the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder, including in respect of
BSII, the business, the operations, prospects, or condition (financial or otherwise), or the accuracy or completeness of any document,
projection, material, statement, or other information not expressly set forth in Article 6 or the Ancillary Agreements. None
of the Company and Merger Sub is relying on any representations or warranties other than those representations or warranties set forth
in Article 6 or the Ancillary Agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5.28 shall limit BSIIs
remedies in the event of fraud.

58

Article 6

Representations and Warranties of BSII

Except as set forth in the BSII Disclosure Schedule
(subject to Section 12.14) or in any publicly available SEC
Document filed by BSII no later than 5:30 p.m. on the day immediately before the date of this Agreement (other than disclosures
in the Risk Factors or Forward Looking Statements of any such SEC Document and other disclosures to the extent
that such disclosure is predictive or forward-looking in nature, except for any specific factual information contained therein, which
shall not be excluded), BSII represents and warrants to the Company as of the date hereof and as of the Closing as follows:

Section 6.01.Corporate
Organization.

(a)BSII
has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has all requisite corporate
or similar organizational power and authority to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted.

(b)A
true and complete copy of the BSII Governing Document has been made available by BSII to the Company. The BSII Governing Document is
in full force and effect and BSII is not in violation of any of the provisions thereof.

(c)BSII
is duly licensed or qualified and, where applicable, in good standing as a foreign company or other entity in each jurisdiction in which
the ownership of its property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing,
as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a BSII Material Adverse
Effect.

(d)BSII
has no Subsidiaries, and does not own, directly or indirectly, any Equity Securities or other interests or investments (whether equity
or debt) in any Person, whether incorporated or unincorporated. BSII is not obligated to make any investment in or capital contribution
to or on behalf of any other Person.

59

Section 6.02.Corporate
Authorization.

(a)BSII
has all requisite corporate or similar organizational power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement
to which BSII is (or is specified to be) a party and, subject to obtaining the BSII Shareholder Approval, to perform all obligations
to be performed by it hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which BSII
is (or is specified to be) a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly
authorized and approved by the BSII Board, and no other corporate or similar organizational action on the part of BSII or any holders
of any Equity Securities of BSII is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by BSII of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements
to which BSII is (or is specified to be) a party, the performance by BSII of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, other than the BSII Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by BSII and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the other parties hereto,
this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of BSII, enforceable against BSII in accordance with its terms, subject
to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity. Each Ancillary Agreement to which BSII is (or is specified
to be) a party, when executed and delivered by BSII, will be duly and validly executed and delivered by BSII, and, assuming such Ancillary
Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the other parties thereto, will constitute a legal, valid and binding
obligation of BSII, enforceable against BSII in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general
principles of equity.

(b)The
BSII Shareholder Approval is the only vote of any of BSIIs share capital necessary in connection with the entry into this Agreement
by BSII, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Closing.

(c)At
a meeting duly called and held, the BSII Board has unanimously: (i) approved this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements to which BSII
is a party and the Transactions, (ii) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are advisable and
in the best interests of the BSII Shareholders; (iii) determined that the fair market value of the Company is equal to at least
80% of the amount held in the Trust Account, as applicable; (iv) approved the Transactions as a Business Combination; and (v) resolved
to recommend to the Pre-Closing BSII Holders approval of the Transaction Proposals (the BSII Board Recommendation).

60

Section 6.03.Governmental
Authorizations; Consents. Assuming the representations and warranties of the Company and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement are
true, correct and complete, no consent, approval or authorization of, or designation, declaration, filing, notice or action with, any
Governmental Authority or other Person is required on the part of BSII with respect to BSIIs execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to which BSII is (or is specified to be) a party or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, except for (a) the filing of the Plan of Merger and related documentation with the Cayman Islands
Registrar of Companies and the publication of notification of the Merger in the Cayman Islands Government Gazette in accordance with
the Cayman Islands Companies Act, (b) the declaration of effectiveness of the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement by
the SEC, (c) the BSII Shareholder Approval, or (d) any consents, approvals, authorizations, designations, filings, notices
or actions, the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to BSII, taken as
a whole.

Section 6.04.Noncontravention.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which BSII is (or is specified to be) a party
by BSII and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (a) contravene, conflict with
or violate any provision of, or result in the breach of, any Applicable Law, or the BSII Governing Document, (b) assuming the receipt
of the consents, approvals, authorizations and other requirements set forth in Section 6.03, conflict with, violate or result
in a breach of any term, condition or provision of any material Contract to which BSII is a party or by which BSII is bound, or terminate
or result in a default under, or require any consent, notice or other action by any Person under (with or without notice or lapse of
time, or both) or the loss of any right under, or create any right of termination, acceleration or cancellation of any such material
Contract, or (c) result in the creation of any Lien (except for Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of BSII or
constitute an event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to result in any such violation, breach,
termination or creation of a Lien, except in each case of clauses (a), (b) and (c) above to the extent that the occurrence
of each of the foregoing would not reasonably be expected to have a BSII Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.05.Litigation
and Proceedings. There are no Actions or, to the knowledge of BSII, investigations pending before or by any Governmental Authority
or, to the knowledge of BSII, threatened, against BSII or any of its properties or assets, or, to the knowledge of BSII, any of its directors
or employees, in their capacity as such, that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a BSII Material
Adverse Effect or which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent or enjoin the transactions contemplated hereby. There is no unsatisfied
judgment or any open injunction binding upon BSII. Neither BSII nor any property or asset of BSII has been subject to any Governmental
Order that would reasonably be expected to have a BSII Material Adverse Effect.

61

Section 6.06.BSII
Capitalization.

(a)As
of the date hereof, the authorized share capital of BSII consists of (i) 150,000,000 BSII Class A Ordinary Shares,
of which 15,300,000 BSII Class A Ordinary Shares are issued and outstanding (assuming the full separation of the BSII Units), (ii) 15,000,000
BSII Class B Ordinary Shares, of which 3,825,000 BSII Class B Ordinary Shares are issued and outstanding, and (iii) 1,500,000
preference shares of BSII, par value $0.0001 per share, of which no preference shares are issued and outstanding. As of the date hereof,
there are issued and outstanding BSII Warrants in respect of 16,220,000 BSII Class A Ordinary Shares (assuming the full separation
of the BSII Units), which will entitle the holders thereof to purchase BSII Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
on the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable warrant agreement. All of the issued and outstanding BSII Ordinary Shares (i) have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject to, nor were they issued in violation
of, any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, and (ii) are free and clear of all Liens and other restrictions
(including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such Equity Securities).

(b)Except
for the BSII Ordinary Shares and the BSII Warrants as set forth in Section 6.06(a), there are no Equity Securities of BSII. Other
than the BSII Shareholder Redemption Right, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of BSII to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any Equity Securities of BSII.

Section 6.07.Undisclosed
Liabilities. There is no material liability, debt or obligation of BSII, except for liabilities, debts and obligations (i) reflected
or reserved for on BSIIs balance sheet for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024 as reported on Form 10-Q or disclosed
in the notes thereto, (ii) that have arisen since June 30, 2024 in the ordinary course of the operation of business of BSII
or (iii) incurred in connection with the Transactions.

Section 6.08.BSII
SEC Documents; Controls.

(a)BSII
has timely filed or furnished with the SEC all forms, reports, schedules and statements required to be filed or furnished under the Securities
Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (such forms, reports, schedules, and statements
other than the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement, the SEC Documents). As of their respective filing
(or furnishing) dates, each of the SEC Documents, as amended (including all exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein), complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents
contained, when filed or, if amended prior to the date hereof, as of the date of such amendment with respect to those disclosures that
are amended, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the SEC Documents are
the subject of ongoing SEC review or outstanding SEC comment and, to BSIIs knowledge, neither the SEC nor any other Governmental
Authority is conducting any investigation or review of any SEC Document. No written notice of any SEC review or investigation of BSII
or the SEC Documents has been received by BSII.

62

(b)The
financial statements of BSII included in the SEC Documents, including all notes and schedules thereto, complied in all material respects
when filed, or if amended prior to the date hereof, as of the date of such amendment, with the rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, or in the case of the unaudited
statements, as permitted by Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X of the SEC) and fairly present in all material respects in accordance with
the applicable requirements of GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, subject, in the case of the unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments that are not material) the financial position of BSII, as of their respective dates, and the results
of operations and cash flows of BSII, for the periods presented therein.

(c)BSII
has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting (as such terms are defined
in paragraphs (e) and (f), respectively, of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the Qualified Stock
Exchange). BSIIs disclosure controls and procedures are (i) designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of BSIIs financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in material conformity with GAAP
and (ii) reasonably designed to ensure that material information relating to BSII is accumulated and communicated to BSIIs
management as appropriate. Since BSIIs formation, there have been no significant deficiencies or material weakness in BSIIs
internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and no change in BSIIs internal control over financial reporting
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, BSIIs internal control over financial reporting.

Section 6.09.Listing.
As of the date hereof, the issued and outstanding BSII Units, BSII Class A Ordinary Shares and BSII Warrants issued as part of the
BSII Units are each registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq under
the symbols BSIIU, BSII and BSIIW respectively. As of the date hereof, BSII is in compliance
with the rules of the Nasdaq and there is no Action pending, or to the knowledge of BSII, threatened against BSII by the Nasdaq
or the SEC with respect to any intention by such entity to deregister BSII Units, BSII Class A Ordinary Shares or BSII Warrants
or prohibit or terminate the listing of BSII Units, BSII Class A Ordinary Shares or BSII Warrants on the Nasdaq. BSII has not taken
any action in an attempt to terminate the registration of BSII Units, BSII Ordinary Shares or BSII Warrants under the Exchange Act except
as contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 6.10.Registration
Statement and Proxy Statement. On the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and/or pursuant to Section 14A is
declared effective, the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to BSII Shareholders, and at the time of the BSII Extraordinary General
Meeting, assuming the disclosures of the Company and its subsidiaries and Affiliates contained in the Registration Statement and Proxy
Statement (together with any amendments or supplements thereto) are true, correct and complete, none of the information furnished by
or on behalf of BSII in writing specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement or Proxy Statement will include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. All documents that BSII is responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the Transactions
will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

63

Section 6.11.Trust
Account. As of the date of this Agreement, BSII has (and, if no holders of BSII Ordinary Shares exercise the BSII Shareholder Redemption
Right, will have immediately prior to the Closing) at least $153,000,000 in the Trust Account, with such funds invested in United States
government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act) or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of
Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act (or any successor rule), held as uninvested cash or deposited into interest
bearing or non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts and held in trust by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement. The Trust Agreement
is in full force and effect and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of BSII and the Trustee, enforceable in accordance with its
terms. The Trust Agreement has not been terminated, repudiated, rescinded, amended, supplemented or modified, in any respect, and no
such termination, repudiation, rescission, amendment, supplement or modification is contemplated. There are no side letters and (except
for the Trust Agreement) there are no agreements, contracts, arrangements or understandings, whether written or oral, with the Trustee
or any other Person that would (a) cause the description of the Trust Agreement in the Prospectus to be inaccurate in any material
respect or (b) entitle any Person (other than (x) holders of BSII Ordinary Shares who shall have exercised their BSII Shareholder
Redemption Right and (y) any underwriters in connection with BSIIs initial public offering which may be entitled to deferred
underwriting discounts and commissions specified in the Prospectus) to any portion of the proceeds in the Trust Account. Prior to the
Closing, none of the funds held in the Trust Account may be released except (i) to pay Taxes from any interest income earned in
the Trust Account, (ii) to redeem BSII Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to the BSII Shareholder Redemption Right, and (iii) as
permitted under the Trust Agreement. BSII has performed all material obligations required to be performed by it to date under, and is
not in material default or delinquent in performance or any other respect (claimed or actual) in connection with, the Trust Agreement,
and, to the knowledge of BSII, no event has occurred which, with due notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a material
default thereunder. There are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of BSII, threatened with respect to the Trust Account.

Section 6.12.Absence
of Certain Changes. Since its formation through the date of this Agreement, BSII has not (a) conducted business other than its
formation, the public offering of its securities (and the related private offerings), public reporting and its search for an initial
Business Combination as described in the Prospectus (including the investigation of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the negotiation
and execution of this Agreement) and related activities and (b) been subject to a BSII Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth
in BSIIs SEC reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, and except as contemplated by this Agreement, since June 30,
2024, through the date of this Agreement, there has not been any action taken or agreed upon by BSII that would be prohibited by Section 8.01
if such action were taken on or after the date hereof without the consent of the Company.

64

Section 6.13.Compliance
with Laws; Permits. BSII is, and since its date of formation has been, in compliance with Applicable Law in all material respects,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a BSII Material Adverse Effect. Since BSIIs date of formation, (a) BSII
has not been subjected to, or received any notification from, any Governmental Authority of a violation of any Applicable Law or any
investigation by a Governmental Authority for actual or alleged violation of any Applicable Law, (b) to the knowledge of BSII, no
claims have been filed against BSII with any Governmental Authority alleging any material failure by BSII to comply with any Applicable
Law, and (c) BSII has not made a voluntary, directed, or involuntary disclosure to any Governmental Authority regarding any alleged
act or omission arising under or relating to any noncompliance with any Applicable Law.

Section 6.14.Contracts.
Other than this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements or any Contracts that are exhibits to the SEC Documents, there are no Contracts to
which BSII is a party or by which BSIIs properties or assets may be bound, subject or affected, which (a) creates or imposes
a liability greater than $50,000, (b) may not be cancelled by BSII on less than 60 days prior notice without payment of a
material penalty or termination fee or (c) prohibits, prevents, restricts or impairs in any material respect any business practice
of BSII as its business is currently conducted, any acquisition of material property by BSII, or restricts in any material respect the
ability of BSII from engaging in business as currently conducted by it or from competing with any other Person (each such contract, a
BSII Material Contract). All BSII Material Contracts have been made available to the Company.

Section 6.15.Employees
and Employee Benefits Plans. BSII does not (a) have any paid employees or (b) maintain, sponsor, contribute to or otherwise
have any liability under any employee benefit plans. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the other Ancillary Agreements
nor the consummation of any Transactions will: (a) result in any payment (including severance, unemployment compensation, golden
parachute, bonus or otherwise) becoming due to any director, officer or employee of BSII; or (b) result in the acceleration of the
time of payment or vesting of any such benefits. Other than reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BSIIs officers
and directors in connection with activities on BSIIs behalf in an aggregate amount not in excess of the amount of cash held by
BSII outside of the Trust Account, BSII has no unsatisfied material liability with respect to any officer or director.

Section 6.16.Properties.
BSII does not own, license or otherwise have any right, title or interest in any material Intellectual Property rights (other than trademarks).
BSII does not own, or otherwise have an interest in, any real property, including under any real property lease, sublease, space sharing,
license or other occupancy agreement.

65

Section 6.17.Affiliate
Transactions. Except for equity ownership or employment relationships (including any employment or similar Contract) expressly contemplated
by this Agreement, any non-disclosure or confidentiality Contract entered into in connection with the wall-crossing of
BSII Shareholders, any Ancillary Agreement or any Contract that is an exhibit to the SEC Documents or described therein, (a) there
are no transactions or Contracts, or series of related transactions or Contracts, between BSII, on the one hand, and any director or
officer of BSII, Sponsor, any beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 5% or more of the BSII Ordinary
Shares or, to the knowledge of BSII, any of their respective associates or immediate family members (as such
terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 and Rule 16a-1 of the Exchange Act), on the other hand, nor is any Indebtedness owed by or
to BSII, on the one hand, to or by Sponsor or any such director, officer, beneficial owner, associate or immediate family member, on
the other hand, and (b) none of the officers or directors (or members of a similar governing body) of BSII, Sponsor, any beneficial
owner of 5% or more of the BSII Ordinary Shares or, to the knowledge of BSII, their respective associates or immediate
family members owns directly or indirectly in whole or in part, or has any other material interest in, (i) any material tangible
or real property that BSII uses, owns or leases (other than through any Equity Securities of BSII) or (ii) any customer, vendor
or other material business relation of BSII or Sponsor, in each of clauses (i) and (ii) in excess of $4,000,000.

Section 6.18.Taxes.

(a)All
material Tax Returns required to be filed by BSII (taking into account applicable extensions) have been timely filed in all material
respects, and all such Tax Returns (taking into account all amendments thereto) are true, correct and complete in all material respects.

(b)BSII
has paid all material Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) that are due and payable by BSII, except with respect to matters
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP.

(c)Except
for Permitted Liens, there are no Liens for Taxes upon the property or assets of BSII.

(d)All
material amounts of Taxes required to be withheld by BSII have been withheld and, to the extent required, have been paid over to the
appropriate Governmental Authority.

(e)BSII
has not received from any Governmental Authority written notice of any threatened, proposed, or assessed deficiency for any material
Taxes of BSII, except for such deficiencies that have been satisfied by payment, settled or withdrawn. To the knowledge of BSII, no material
audit or other proceeding by any Governmental Authority is in progress with respect to any material Taxes due from BSII, and BSII has
not received written notice from any Governmental Authority that any such audit or proceeding is contemplated or pending.

66

(f)No
written claim has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where BSII does not pay a particular type of Tax or file
a particular type of Tax Return that it is or may be required to file such type of Tax Return or pay such type of Tax in such jurisdiction.

(g)BSII
does not have a request for a private letter ruling, a request for administrative relief, a request for technical advice or a request
for a change of any method of accounting pending with any Governmental Authority. BSII has not extended the statute of limitations for
assessment, collection or other imposition of any material amount of Tax (other than pursuant to an extension of time to file a Tax Return
of not more than seven months obtained in the ordinary course of business), which extension is currently in effect.

(h)BSII
is not a party to or bound by any Tax sharing, indemnification or allocation agreement or other similar Contract, other than any customary
commercial Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, in each case, which do not primarily relate to Taxes.

(i)BSII
has never been a member of an Affiliated Group. BSII does not have liability for the Taxes of any other Person under Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of Applicable Law), as transferor or successor, by Contract (other than pursuant to any
customary commercial Contract or Contract entered into in the ordinary course of business, in each case, which does not principally relate
to Taxes) or otherwise.

(j)BSII
will not be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction from, taxable income for any
Tax period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of: (i) any change in method of accounting for a taxable
period ending on or prior to the Closing; (ii) any closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code
(or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign income Tax law) executed on or prior to the Closing; (iii) any
installment sale or open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing; or (iv) any deferred revenue or prepaid amount
received on or prior to the Closing outside the ordinary course of business.

(k)BSII
is not a (i) surrogate foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 7874(a)(2)(B) of the Code, (ii) U.S.
corporation under Section 7874(b) of the Code or (iii) stapled entity within the meaning of Section 269B of the Code.

(l)BSII
has not been a party to any listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(2),
or any other transaction requiring disclosure under analogous provisions of U.S. state, local or non-U.S. law.

67

Section 6.19.Certain
Business Practices; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions.

(a)BSII,
and to the knowledge of BSII, each of BSIIs officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting on
its behalf, have in the past three years complied with, are and will be in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws.

(b)Neither
BSII, nor to the knowledge of BSII, any of BSIIs officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting
on behalf of BSII, since incorporation (i) has offered, promised, given or authorized the giving of money or anything else of value,
whether directly or through another Person, to (A) any Government Official or (B) any other Person with the knowledge that
all or any portion of the money or thing of value will be offered or given to a Government Official, in each of the foregoing clauses
(A) and (B) for the purpose of influencing any action or decision of the Government Official in his or her official capacity,
including a decision to fail to perform his or her official duties, inducing the Government Official to use his or her influence with
any Governmental Authority to affect or influence any official act, or otherwise obtaining an improper advantage; or (ii) has made
or will make or authorize any other Person to make any payments or transfers of value which have the purpose or effect of commercial
bribery, or acceptance or acquiescence in kickbacks or other unlawful or improper means of obtaining or retaining business. For purposes
of the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), a Person shall be deemed to have knowledge with respect to conduct, circumstances
or results if such Person is aware of (i) the existence of or (ii) a high probability of the existence of such conduct, circumstances
or results.

(c)BSII
has maintained and currently maintains (i) books, records and accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of BSII, and (ii) internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurances that all transactions and access to assets of BSII were, have been and are executed only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization.

(d)BSII
has in place policies, procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to promote and ensure compliance in all material respects
with Anti-Corruption Laws.

(e)To
the knowledge of BSII, none of BSIIs beneficial owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other persons
acting on their behalf is or was a Government Official having the power to decide on policies affecting the Companys operations
or a close family member of such Government Official.

(f)To
the knowledge of BSII, no Governmental Authority is investigating or has since BSIIs incorporation conducted, initiated or threatened
any investigation of BSII, or BSIIs officers, directors or employees for alleged violation of Anti-Corruption Laws in connection
with activities relating to BSII.

(g)Neither
BSII, nor any of BSIIs Affiliates, nor to the knowledge of BSII, any of BSIIs directors, officers, employees, agents or
representatives or other Persons acting on its behalf, is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are: (i) the subject
of any Sanctions, or (ii) located, organized or resident in the Sanctioned Territories or has conducted business with any Person
or entity, or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting on its behalf that is (i) the
subject of any Sanctions, or (ii) located, organized or resident in any of the Sanctioned Territories.

68

(h)The
operations of BSII are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and no Action involving
BSII with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to BSIIs knowledge, threatened.

(i)There
are no (i) claims, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, penalties, actions, judgments and/or written allegations asserted
against, paid or payable by BSII, or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives or other Persons acting on its
behalf in relation to the conduct of the business by BSII in connection with non-compliance with any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws,
Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions by such Person, or (ii) completed, outstanding or to the knowledge of BSII, threatened
investigations (whether by BSII, any third parties or Governmental Authority) involving possible non-compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption
Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions by any directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives of BSII or other Persons
acting on their behalf. To the knowledge of BSII, there are no circumstances which may be reasonably expected to give rise to any such
claims, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, penalties, actions, judgments, allegations and/or investigations.

Section 6.20.Independent
Investigation. BSII and its Affiliates and their respective representatives have conducted their own independent investigation, review
and analysis of the business, results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
and BSII acknowledges that it and they have been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records,
and other documents and data of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such purpose. BSII acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making
its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein, it has relied solely upon its own investigation
and the express representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Article 5 (including the related portions of the
Company Disclosure Schedule) or of the Company or Company Shareholders set forth in the Ancillary Agreements; and (b) none of the
Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their respective representatives have made any express or implied representation or warranty
as to the Company and its Subsidiaries, or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in Article 5 (including the related
portions of the Company Disclosure Schedule) or in the Ancillary Agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6.20
shall limit BSIIs remedies in the event of fraud.

Section 6.21.Brokers
Fees. Except fees described on Section 6.21 of the BSII Disclosure Schedule, no broker, finder, investment banker or other Person
is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee or other commission in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements
made by BSII or any of its Affiliates.

69

Section 6.22.Investment
Company; JOBS Act. BSII is not an investment company or a Person directly or indirectly controlled by
or acting on behalf of an investment company, in each case within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. BSII constitutes
an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012.

Section 6.23.No
Additional Representations and Warranties; No Outside Reliance. Except for the representations and warranties provided in this Article 6,
and the representations and warranties as may be provided in the Ancillary Agreements, neither BSII nor any of its directors, managers,
officers, employees, equity holders, partners, members, advisors, agents or representatives has made, or is making, any representation
or warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever, oral or written, express or implied, relating to or with respect to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to the Company or any Company Shareholder. Neither BSII nor any of its directors, managers,
officers, employees, equityholders, partners, members, advisors, agents or representatives has made, or is making, any representation
or warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever, oral or written, express or implied, relating or with respect to any information regarding
BSII or otherwise, except for the representations and warranties made by BSII to the Company in this Article 6 and the representations
and warranties as may be provided in the Ancillary Agreements. BSII hereby expressly disclaims any representations or warranties other
than those expressly given by BSII in this Article 6 and as may be provided in the Ancillary Agreements. BSII acknowledges
and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties contained in Article 5 or the Ancillary Agreements, none of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates nor any other Person has made or is making any representation or warranty, express
or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any information, data, or statement regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
of the Company or the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder, including in respect of the Company, the business, the operations,
prospects, or condition (financial or otherwise), or the accuracy or completeness of any document, projection, material, statement, or
other information, not expressly set forth in Article 5 or the Ancillary Agreements. BSII is not relying on any representations
or warranties other than those representations or warranties set forth in Article 5 or as may be provided in the Ancillary
Agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6.23 shall limit the Companys remedies in the event
of fraud.

Article 7

Covenants of the Company and Merger Sub

Section 7.01.Conduct
of Company Business. From the date of this Agreement until the Closing Date or, if earlier, the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Article 11 (the Interim Period), the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, except
as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, required by this Agreement, as necessary to consummate the Transactions in accordance
with this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, as consented to by BSII in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) or as required by Applicable Law, use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) operate its business only
in the ordinary course of business, (ii) preserve the business of the Company, (iii) maintain the services of its officers
and key employees and its business and operations at its current business premises and offices, (iv) settle accounts payable and
collect accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business, (v) maintain existing business relationships of the Company and
(vi) not:

70

(a)change,
amend or propose to amend its Governing Documents except for any such change or amendment made to a Governing Document of a Subsidiary
of the Company in the ordinary course of business and which will not have a material adverse impact on the Company's ability to perform
its obligations under this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements or to consummate the Transactions;

(b)directly
or indirectly adjust, split, combine, subdivide, issue, pledge, deliver, award, grant, redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or sell,
or authorize or propose the issuance, pledge, delivery, award, grant or sale (including the grant of any encumbrances) of any of its
Equity Securities;

(c)take
any action that would constitute or result in Leakage (other than Permitted Leakage);

(d)other
than in the ordinary course of business and except as set forth under Section 7.01(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) modify,
voluntarily terminate, permit to lapse, waive, or fail to enforce any material right or remedy under any Significant Contract, (ii) materially
amend, extend or renew any Significant Contract or (iii) enter into any Significant Contract;

(e)except
as required by the terms of the Company Benefit Plans in effect on the date hereof and made available to BSII (i) grant any severance,
retention or termination pay to, or enter into or amend any severance, retention, termination, employment, consulting, bonus, change
in control or severance agreement with, any current or former Service Provider with an annual compensation exceeding $200,000, (ii) increase
the compensation or benefits provided to any current or former Service Provider with an annual compensation exceeding $200,000 other
than in the ordinary course of business, (iii) grant any equity or equity-based awards to, or discretionarily accelerate the vesting
or payment of any such awards held by, any current or former Service Provider other than in the ordinary course of business, (iv) establish,
adopt, enter into, amend, or terminate any Company Benefit Plan or Labor Contract or (v) (x) appoint any directors or hire
any officers other than to fill vacancies arising due to termination of employment or resignation or (y) terminate the employment
of any employees other than in the ordinary course of business for cause;

(f)acquire
(whether by merger or consolidation or the purchase of a substantial portion of the equity in or assets of or otherwise) any other Person
with a purchase price exceeding $4,000,000;

(g)(i) repurchase,
prepay, redeem or incur, create, assume or otherwise become liable for Indebtedness of over $4,000,000 in the aggregate, including by
way of a guarantee or an issuance or sale of debt securities, or issue or sell options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any
debt securities, or enter into any keep well or other analogous Contract in favor of another Person, or enter into any
arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, (ii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments
in, any other Person that is not a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company for an amount exceeding $2,000,000 in aggregate,
or (iii) cancel or forgive any debts or other amounts owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

71

(h)except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (i) make or change any material Tax election (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, any entity classification election with respect to Merger Sub), (ii) adopt or change any material Tax accounting
method except as required by Applicable Law, (iii) settle or compromise any material Tax liability, (iv) enter into any closing
agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax
Law) with respect to a material amount of Taxes, (v) enter into any Tax sharing or similar arrangement with respect to Taxes (other
than any such agreement solely between the Company and its Subsidiaries or any customary commercial Contract which does not primarily
relate to Taxes), (vi) file any amended material Tax Return unless required by Applicable Law, (vii) consent to any extension
or waiver of the statute of limitations regarding any material amount of Taxes, (viii) settle or consent to any claim or assessment
relating to any material amount of Taxes or (ix) consent to any extension or waiver of the statute of limitations for any such claim
or assessment (other than pursuant to an extension of time to file a Tax Return of not more than seven months obtained in the ordinary
course of business); in each case, if such election, change, adoption, agreement, settlement, consent or other action would, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have the effect of materially increasing the present or future Tax liability or materially
decreasing any present or future Tax asset of the Company and its Affiliates (including the Company and its Subsidiaries) after the Closing
Date;

(i)except
for non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business, assign, transfer or dispose of, license, abandon, sell, lease,
sublicense, modify, terminate, permit to lapse, create or incur any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on, or otherwise fail to take
any action necessary to maintain, enforce or protect any material Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property;

(j)(i) commence,
discharge, settle, compromise, satisfy or consent to any entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened Action that
would reasonably be expected to (A) result in any material restriction on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) result
in a payment of greater than $4,000,000 in the aggregate or (C) involve any equitable remedies or admission of wrongdoing, or (ii) other
than in the ordinary course of business, waive, release or assign any claims or rights of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries;

(k)sell,
lease, license, sublicense, exchange, mortgage, pledge, create any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) on, transfer or otherwise dispose
of, or agree to sell, lease, license, sublicense, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or otherwise create any Liens (other than Permitted
Liens) on or dispose of, any material tangible or intangible assets, properties, securities, or interests of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than Intellectual Property, which is addressed in Section 7.01(i)), in each case other than in the ordinary
course of business;

72

(l)merge
or consolidate itself or any of its Subsidiaries with any Person, restructure, reorganize or completely or partially liquidate or dissolve,
or adopt or enter into a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;

(m)make
any material change in financial accounting methods, principles or practices of the Company and its Subsidiaries, except insofar as may
have been required by a change in IFRS or any Applicable Law or to obtain compliance with PCAOB auditing standards;

(n)permit
any insurance policy listed in Section 5.18 of the Company Disclosure Schedule to be cancelled or terminated without using commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent such cancellation or termination, other than if, in connection with such cancellation or termination, a
replacement policy having comparable deductions and providing coverage substantially similar to the coverage under the lapsed policy
for substantially similar or less premiums is in full force and effect;

(o)change,
in any material respect, (i) the cash management policies and procedures of the Company and its Subsidiaries or (ii) the policies
and procedures of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to collection of accounts receivable and establishment of reserves for
uncollectible amounts;

(p)incur
any capital expenditure that in aggregate exceeds $4,000,000;

(q)materially
amend or modify, or terminate, any material Permit, other than routine renewals, or fail to maintain or timely obtain any Permit that
is material to the ongoing operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of business; or

(r)enter
into any commitment or legally binding agreement to do any action prohibited under this Section 7.01.

Nothing contained in this Section 7.01 shall
give to BSII, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the ordinary course of business operations of the Company or Merger
Sub prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, each of BSII, and the Company and Merger Sub shall exercise, consistent with the terms
and conditions hereof, complete control and supervision of its respective operations, as required by Applicable Law.

73

Section 7.02.Inspection.
The Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, afford to BSII and its officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financing sources
and other representatives reasonable access during the Interim Period, during normal business hours, to all of their respective properties,
books and records, Contracts, commitments, customers, vendors and other business relations and officers and employees of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, and shall furnish such representatives with all financial and operating data and other information concerning the
affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are in the possession of the Company or its Subsidiaries as such representatives may
reasonably request in connection with the consummation of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided that
no investigation pursuant to this Section 7.02 (or any investigation prior to the date hereof) shall affect any representation
or warranty given by the Company or BSII; provided, further, that any investigation pursuant to this Section 7.02
shall be conducted in such manner as not to unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of the Company during normal business
hours under the supervision of appropriate personnel of the Company. All requests for access to the properties, books and records of
the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be made in accordance with Section 12.03.

Section 7.03.Trust
Account Waiver. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Company and Merger Sub acknowledge that
BSII is a blank check company with the powers and privileges to effect a Business Combination. The Company and Merger Sub further acknowledge
that, as described in the prospectus dated August 27, 2024 (the Prospectus), substantially all of BSIIs
assets consist of the cash proceeds of BSIIs initial public offering and private placements of its securities and substantially
all of those proceeds have been deposited in the Trust Account for the benefit of BSII, certain of its public shareholders and the underwriters
of BSIIs initial public offering. The Company acknowledges that, except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account that may be released to BSII to pay its tax obligations, if any, the cash in the Trust Account may be disbursed only for
the purposes set forth in the Prospectus. For and in consideration of BSII entering into this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Merger Sub hereby irrevocably waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they have or may have in the future in or to any monies in the Trust Account and agree not to seek recourse against the Trust Account
or any funds distributed therefrom as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement and any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
BSII or any other Person; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 7.03 shall amend, limit, alter, change,
supersede or otherwise modify the right of the Company and Merger Sub to (a) bring any action or actions for specific performance,
injunctive and/or other equitable relief or (b) bring or seek a claim for Damages against BSII, or any of its successors or assigns,
for any breach of this Agreement (but such claim shall not be against the Trust Account or any funds distributed from the Trust Account
to holders of BSII Ordinary Shares in accordance with the BSII Governing Document and the Trust Agreement).

74

Section 7.04.Sarbanes-Oxley;
Listing Standards. As soon as legally required to do so, the Company and its directors and executive officers, in their capacities
as such, shall take all actions necessary to comply with any applicable provision of Sarbanes-Oxley, including Section 402 related
to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications, and to comply with the rules of the Qualified Stock Exchange.

Section 7.05.Shareholder
Litigation. Without limiting Section 7.01 above, in the event that any material litigation related to this Agreement, any Ancillary
Agreement or the Transactions is brought, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, against the Company or the board
of directors of the Company by any shareholder of the Company or any other Person prior to the Closing, the Company shall promptly after
becoming aware of such litigation notify BSII of any such litigation and keep BSII reasonably informed with respect to the status thereof.
The Company shall consider in good faith BSIIs reasonable suggestions with respect to such litigation.

Section 7.06.Non-Voting
Preferred Shares. The Company shall ensure that, until the date falling 12 months after the Closing,
the Company shall not make, authorize or declare any dividend distribution (whether in the form of cash or other property) to the non-voting
preferred shares or amend the Companys Governing Documents to allow such dividend distribution to the non-voting preferred shares.

Article 8

Covenants of BSII

Section 8.01.Conduct
of Business. During the Interim Period, except as set forth on Section 8.01 of the BSII Disclosure Schedule, as expressly contemplated
by this Agreement, as required by Applicable Law or as consented to by the Company in writing, BSII shall: (i) use commercially
reasonable efforts to operate its business only in the ordinary course of business, (ii) comply with, and continue performing under
the BSII Governing Document, the Trust Agreement and all other agreements or Contracts to which BSII may be party, and (iii) not:

(a)change,
amend or propose to amend (i) the BSII Governing Document or (ii) the Trust Agreement or any other agreement related to the
Trust Agreement, except for any such action in connection with the BSII Shareholders vote on an extension of the deadline for
consummating a Business Combination;

(b)adjust,
split, combine, subdivide, issue, pledge, deliver, award, grant redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or sell, or authorize the issuance,
pledge, delivery, award, grant or sale (including the grant of any encumbrances) of, any Equity Securities of BSII, other than (i) in
connection with the exercise of any BSII Warrants outstanding on the date hereof, (ii) any redemption made in connection with the
BSII Shareholder Redemption Right, (iii) any action in connection with the BSII Shareholders vote on an extension of the
deadline for consummating a Business Combination, (iv) in connection with any private placement of securities conducted by BSII
after the date hereof, or (v) as otherwise required by the BSII Governing Document in order to consummate the Transactions;

75

(c)merge
or consolidate itself with any Person, restructure, reorganize or completely or partially liquidate or dissolve, or adopt or enter into
a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of BSII (other than the
Merger);

(d)make,
authorize or declare any dividend (whether in the form of cash or other property) or distribution;

(e)(i) enter
into any material Contract, (ii) modify, voluntarily terminate, permit to lapse, waive, or fail to enforce any material right or
remedy under any material Contract or (iii) materially amend, extend or renew any material Contract, in each case other than in
the ordinary course of business;

(f)other
than as expressly required by the Sponsor Support Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, required for purposes of funding working capital
of BSII, enter into, renew or amend in any material respect, any transaction or Contract with Sponsor or an Affiliate of BSII;

(g)hire
any employees or adopt any benefit plans;

(h)acquire
(whether by merger or consolidation or the purchase of a substantial portion of the equity in or assets of or otherwise) any other Person;

(i)other
than required for purposes of funding working capital of BSII, incur any Indebtedness;

(j)make
any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person;

(k)except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (i) make or change any material Tax election, (ii) adopt
or change any material Tax accounting method except as required by Applicable Law, (iii) settle or compromise any material Tax liability,
(iv) enter into any closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision
of state, local or foreign Tax Law) with respect to a material amount of Tax, (v) enter into any Tax sharing or similar agreement
with respect to Tax (other than any customary commercial Contract which does not primarily relate to Taxes), (vi) consent to any
extension or waiver of the statute of limitations regarding any material amount of Taxes, (vii) file any amended material Tax Return
unless required by Applicable Law, (viii) settle or consent to any claim or assessment relating to any material amount of Taxes
or (ix) consent to any extension or waiver of the statute of limitations for any such claim or assessment (other than pursuant to
an extension of time to file a Tax Return of not more than seven months obtained in the ordinary course of business, in each case, if
such election, change, adoption, agreement, settlement, consent or other action would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have the effect of materially increasing the present or future Tax liability or materially decreasing any present or future
Tax asset of the Company and its Affiliates (including BSII and its Subsidiaries) after the Closing Date;

76

(l)(i) commence,
discharge, settle, compromise, satisfy or consent to any entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened Action that
would reasonably be expected to (A) result in any material restriction on the Company or the Merger Surviving Company, or (B) involve
any equitable remedies or admission of wrongdoing, or (ii) waive, release or assign any of its material claims or rights;

(m)sell,
lease, license, sublicense, exchange, mortgage, pledge, create any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) on, transfer or otherwise dispose
of, or agree to sell, lease, license, sublicense, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or otherwise create any Liens (other than Permitted
Liens) on or dispose of, any of its material tangible or intangible assets, properties, securities, or interests;

(n)make
any material change in its financial accounting methods, principles or practices, except insofar as may have been required by a change
in GAAP or Applicable Law;

(o)incur
any capital expenditures; or

(p)enter
into any agreement to do any action prohibited under this Section 8.01.

Nothing contained in this Section 8.01 shall
give to the Company, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the ordinary course of business operations of BSII prior
to the Closing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, prior to the Closing, each of BSII and the Company
shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, complete control and supervision of its respective operations, as required
by Applicable Law.

Section 8.02.Shareholder
Litigation. Without limiting Section 8.01 above, in the event that any material litigation related to this Agreement, any Ancillary
Agreement or the Transactions is brought, or, to the knowledge of BSII, threatened in writing, against BSII or the board of directors
of BSII by any BSII Shareholders or any other Person prior to the Closing, BSII shall promptly after becoming aware of such litigation
notify the Company of any such litigation and keep the Company reasonably informed with respect to the status thereof. BSII shall consider
in good faith the Companys reasonable suggestions with respect to such litigation.

77

Article 9

Joint Covenants

Section 9.01.Efforts
to Consummate.

(a)Subject
to the terms and conditions herein provided, each Party shall use their reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions
and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Law and regulations to consummate
and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated hereby (including (x) the satisfaction of the closing
conditions set forth in Article 10, (y) obtaining as promptly as practicable the BSII Shareholder Approval, the
Company Shareholders Approval and all other consents, approvals, registrations, authorizations, waivers and permits necessary
or advisable to be obtained from any third party or any Governmental Authorities and the expiration or termination of all applicable
waiting periods under applicable Antitrust Laws necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case by no later
than the date falling one month after the Registration Statement shall have become effective in accordance with the Securities Act, and
(z) satisfying (and making commercially reasonable arrangements with third parties in order to satisfy) the applicable initial listing
requirements of the Qualified Stock Exchange and obtaining approval for listing the Company Class A Ordinary Shares (including the
Company Warrant Shares) and Company Warrants on the Qualified Stock Exchange). Subject to Section 12.06, if the Transactions
are consummated, the costs incurred in obtaining such consents of all Governmental Authorities, such expiration or termination of all
applicable waiting periods under applicable Antitrust Laws, including any filing fees in connection with any Antitrust Law, and any fees
associated with obtaining approval for listing the Company Class A Ordinary Shares (including the Company Warrant Shares) and Company
Warrants on the Qualified Stock Exchange, shall be paid by the Company.

(b)The
Sponsor shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain undertakings from the Pre-Closing BSII Holders to waive and not exercise the BSII
Shareholder Redemption Right in respect of their BSII Ordinary Shares. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to conduct and
participate in investor presentations (which may be held remotely) to, and address questions from, BSII Shareholders, as the Sponsor
may request for the purposes of reducing the exercise of the BSII Shareholder Redemption Right.

(c)Each
Party shall cooperate in connection with any investigation of the transactions contemplated hereby or litigation by, or negotiations
with, any Governmental Authority or other Person relating to the transactions contemplated hereby or regulatory filings under Applicable
Law and obtaining approval for listing the Company Class A Ordinary Shares (including the Company Warrant Shares) and Company Warrants
on the Qualified Stock Exchange.

78

(d)Each
Party shall, in connection with the Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:
(i) promptly notify the other Parties of, and if in writing, furnish the other Parties with copies of (or, in the case of oral communications,
advise the other Parties of) any material substantive communications from or with any Governmental Authority, (ii) cooperate in
connection with any proposed substantive written or oral communication with any Governmental Authority and permit the other Parties to
review and discuss in advance, and consider in good faith the view of the other Parties in connection with, any proposed substantive
written or oral communication with any Governmental Authority, (iii) not participate in any substantive meeting or have any substantive
communication with any Governmental Authority unless it has given the other Parties a reasonable opportunity to consult with it in advance
and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Authority, gives the other Parties or their outside counsel the opportunity to attend
and participate therein, (iv) furnish such other Parties outside legal counsel with copies of all filings and communications
between it and any such Governmental Authority and (v) furnish such other Parties outside legal counsel with such necessary
information and reasonable assistance as such other Parties outside legal counsel may reasonably request in connection with its
preparation of necessary submissions of information to any such Governmental Authority; provided that materials required to be
provided pursuant to this Section 9.01(d) may be restricted to outside legal counsel and may be redacted (A) as necessary
to comply with contractual arrangements, and (B) to remove references to privileged information.

Section 9.02.Indemnification
and Insurance.

(a)The
Company agrees that all rights held by each present and former director and officer of BSII to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities
for acts or omissions (other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud) occurring at or prior
to the Merger Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at, or after the Merger Effective Time, provided in the BSII Governing
Document in effect on the date of this Agreement shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect until the sixth
anniversary of the Merger Effective Time. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall cause the Merger Surviving Company (i) to
maintain for a period of not less than six years from the Merger Effective Time provisions in its Governing Documents concerning the
indemnification and exculpation (including provisions relating to expense advancement) of the BSIIs former and current officers
and directors that are no less favorable to those Persons than the provisions of the BSII Governing Document as of the date of this Agreement
and (ii) not to amend, repeal or otherwise modify such provisions in any respect that would adversely affect the rights of those
Persons thereunder, in each case, except as required by Applicable Law.

(b)BSII
may cause coverage to be extended under its current directors and officers liability insurance by obtaining a six year
tail policy containing terms not materially less favorable than the terms of such current insurance coverage with respect
to claims existing or occurring at or prior to the Merger Effective Time; provided that the Company shall not be responsible
for bearing any annual premium of the such insurance that exceeds 200% of the aggregate annual premium currently payable by BSII for
such insurance policy. If any claim is asserted or made within such six year period, the provisions of this Section 9.02 shall be
continued in respect of such claim until the final disposition thereof.

79

(c)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, this Section 9.02 shall survive the consummation of the Merger
until the sixth anniversary of the Merger Effective Time and shall be binding, jointly and severally, on all successors and assigns of
the Company and the Merger Surviving Company. In the event that the Company or the Merger Surviving Company or any of their respective
successors or assigns consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving company or entity
of such consolidation or merger or transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and
in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the Company or the Merger Surviving Company,
as the case may be, shall succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section 9.02.

Section 9.03.Tax
Matters.

(a)Unless
otherwise agreed by the Parties or required by Applicable Law, the Parties intend that for U.S. federal (and, as applicable, state and
local) income Tax purposes, the Merger be treated as taxable exchanges of BSII Class A Ordinary Shares for Company Class A
Ordinary Shares and of BSII Warrants for Company Warrants.

(b)All
transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added or other similar Taxes incurred in connection with the Transactions
(Transfer Taxes) shall be borne by the Party responsible under Applicable Law and paid when due. The Company
and BSII agree to reasonably cooperate to reduce or eliminate the amount of any such Transfer Taxes. The Party responsible under Applicable
Law shall timely file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all Transfer Taxes.

(c)The
Parties shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other party or its counsel, to document and support the
Tax treatment of the Merger in a manner consistent with Section 9.03(a), including by providing customary representation letters,
if any, in the event the Transaction is not intended to be treated as a taxable exchange. Such cooperation shall include the provision
of records and information which are reasonably relevant to any such matters and within such partys possession or obtainable without
material cost or expense, and making employees or other representatives available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional
information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.

(d)The
Company (i) shall cause Merger Sub not to make any entity classification election to be treated as a partnership or an entity disregarded
as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (ii) shall take no action that would result in Merger Sub being
other than a wholly-owned direct Subsidiary of the Company. The Company shall endeavor to provide the Pre-Closing BSII Holders information
that is reasonably required to make a timely and valid election as contemplated by Section 1295 of the Code (and the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder) with respect to BSII for the taxable year of BSII during which the Transaction occurs, in the event that BSII
is considered a passive foreign investment company for such year (including through provision of the Annual Information Statement described
in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1295-1(g)).

80

Section 9.04.Proxy
Statement; Registration Statement.

(a)As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, BSII and the Company shall prepare, and the Company shall file with
the SEC the Registration Statement (which shall include the Company Financial Statements and the Company Pro Forma Financial Statements),
in which a preliminary proxy statement in connection with the Merger to be sent to the Pre-Closing BSII Holders among other things, relating
to the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting in accordance with and as required by the BSII Governing Document, Applicable Law, and any
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Qualified Stock Exchange (such proxy statement, together with any amendments
or supplements thereto, the Proxy Statement) for the purposes of the approval of the Transaction Proposals will
be included as a prospectus. BSII and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate, and cause their respective
Subsidiaries, as applicable, to reasonably cooperate, with each other and their respective representatives in the preparation of the
Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as promptly as reasonably practicable
after the date of this Agreement and in any event by no later than March 31, 2025, the Company shall deliver to BSII the Company
Pro Forma Financial Statements and the IFRS, PCAOB-audited consolidated balance sheets and statements of income, other comprehensive
loss, shareholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, together with the auditors
report thereon (the Company Audited FY24 Financial Statements), which shall each comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and rules and regulations of the SEC and the Securities Act applicable to the Company as
a registrant under the Registration Statement. BSII and the Company shall (x) as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Company
Audited FY24 Financial Statements are available, file pre-effective amendments to the Proxy Statement and Registration Statement to include
the Company Audited FY24 Financial Statements and (y) use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement and
the Registration Statement (as so amended) to comply with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, respond as promptly
as reasonably practicable to and resolve all comments received from the SEC concerning the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement,
to have the Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof and
by no later than the Effectiveness Deadline, and to keep the Registration Statement effective (1) as long as is necessary to consummate
the Merger and the other Transactions and (2) until the earlier of (A) the date on which the registration statement on Form F-1
to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 2.1.1 of the Registration Rights Agreement, registering the resale of all Company
Exchange Shares, Company Exchange Warrants and Company Warrant Shares held or to be held by the Non-Public Eligible BSII Shareholders
is declared effective under the Securities Act or (B) there are no Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) outstanding; provided that, the Company and BSII shall not allow the Registration Statement to be declared effective
under the Securities Act unless such Registration Statement includes the Company Audited FY24 Financial Statements.

(b)BSII
and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or blue sky permits
and approvals required to carry out the Merger, and the Company and BSII shall promptly furnish all information concerning the Company
and BSII, respectively, as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action.

81

(c)Each
of BSII and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly furnish to each other party all information concerning itself,
its Subsidiaries, officers, directors, managers, members and shareholders, as applicable, and such other matters, in each case, as may
be reasonably necessary in connection with and for inclusion in the Proxy Statement, the Registration Statement or any other statement,
filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of BSII and the Company or their respective Subsidiaries, as applicable, to the SEC
or the Qualified Stock Exchange in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment
or supplement to the Proxy Statement or the Registration Statement) (collectively, the Offer Documents).

(d)The
Company shall notify BSII, promptly after the Company receives notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement has become
effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order or the suspension of the qualification of
the Company Class A Ordinary Shares, the Company Warrants or other securities of the Company for offering or sale in any jurisdiction,
of the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the SEC for the amendment or supplement
of the Proxy Statement, the Registration Statement or the other Offer Documents or for additional information. The Company shall provide
BSII with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement (including each amendment
or supplement thereto) and all responses to requests for additional information by and replies to comments of the SEC and give due consideration
to all comments reasonably proposed by BSII in respect of such documents and responses prior to filing such with or sending such to the
SEC, and, to the extent practicable, the Parties will provide each other with copies of all such filings made and correspondence with
the SEC. BSII and the Company shall cooperate and mutually agree upon (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed) any response to comments of the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement, the Registration Statement or the other Offer Documents
and any amendment filed in response thereto.

(e)Each
of BSII and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that none of the information related to it or any of its
Affiliates, supplied by it or on its behalf for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Proxy Statement will, as of the
date it is first mailed to the Pre-Closing BSII Holders, or at the time of the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting, or (ii) the Registration
Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, at each time at which it is amended, at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act and at the Merger Effective Time, in either case, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading.

82

(f)If,
at any time prior to the Merger Effective Time, any information relating to BSII, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries,
Affiliates, directors or officers, as applicable, or the Company Shareholders is discovered by any of BSII or the Company and is required
to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to either the Proxy Statement or the Registration Statement, so that the Proxy Statement
or the Registration Statement would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party that discovers such information
shall promptly notify the other parties and an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall, subject to the
other provisions of this Section 9.04, be promptly filed by the Company with the SEC and, to the extent required
by Applicable Law, disseminated to the Pre-Closing BSII Holders.

Section 9.05.BSII
Shareholder Approval.

(a)BSII
shall take, in accordance with Applicable Law, the rules of the Qualified Stock Exchange, and the BSII Governing Document, all action
necessary to call, hold, and convene an extraordinary general meeting of holders of BSII Ordinary Shares (including any permitted adjournment
or postponement, the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting) to consider and vote upon the Transaction Proposals and
to provide the BSII Shareholders with the opportunity to effect a BSII Share Redemption in connection therewith, as promptly as reasonably
practicable after the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act. BSII shall, through the BSII
Board, recommend to the BSII Shareholders (including in the Proxy Statement) and solicit approval of (i) the adoption and approval
of this Agreement and the Transactions as a Business Combination, (ii) the adoption and approval of the Merger and the Plan of Merger,
(iii) the adoption and approval of any other proposals as the SEC (or staff member thereof) or the Qualified Stock Exchange may
indicate are necessary in its comments to the Proxy Statement, the Registration Statement or correspondence related thereto, (iv) the
adoption and approval of any other proposals as reasonably agreed by BSII and the Company to be necessary or appropriate in connection
with the Merger and (v) the adjournment of the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting, if necessary, to permit further solicitation
of proxies because there are not sufficient votes to approve and adopt any of the foregoing (such proposals in (i) through (v),
together, the Transaction Proposals). BSII shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the approval of the Transaction
Proposals at the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting, including by soliciting proxies as promptly as reasonably practicable in accordance
with Applicable Law for the purpose of seeking the approval of the Transaction Proposals and adjourning the BSII Extraordinary General
Meeting as many times as reasonably necessary to permit further solicitation of proxies in the event there are not sufficient votes to
approve and adopt any of the Transaction Proposals.

83

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, once the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting to consider and vote upon the Transaction
Proposals has been called and noticed, BSII will not adjourn or postpone the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting without the consent of
the Company, other than (i) for the absence of a quorum, in which event BSII shall adjourn the meeting up to three times for up
to ten Business Days each time, (ii) to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and mailing of any supplemental or amended
disclosure that BSII has determined in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal advisors, is necessary under Applicable
Law, and for such supplemental or amended disclosure to be disseminated to and reviewed by the holders of BSII Ordinary Shares prior
to the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting, or (iii) a one-time adjournment or postponement of up to ten Business Days to solicit
additional proxies from holders of BSII Ordinary Shares to the extent BSII has determined that such adjournment or postponement is reasonably
necessary to obtain the approval of the Transaction Proposals.

Section 9.06.Company
Shareholder Approval.

(a)As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act (and
in any event prior to the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting), the Company shall (i) solicit and obtain the Company Shareholders
Approval by way of passing a resolution of the Company Shareholders by written means in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies
Act, or (ii) in the event the Company is not able to obtain the Company Shareholders Approval by written means, establish
a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the Company Shareholders to be held as promptly as reasonably
practicable following the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, and prior to the BSII
Extraordinary General Meeting, for the purpose of obtaining the Company Shareholders Approval (including any adjournment of such
meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of the Closing) and such other matter as may be mutually agreed by
BSII and the Company.

(b)The
Company will use its reasonable best efforts to (i) solicit from the Company Shareholders written consents and/or proxies in favor
of the Company Shareholders Approval and (ii) obtain the Company Shareholders Approval in compliance with all Applicable
Law and the Companys Governing Documents (including if necessary any adjournment or postponement of such meeting for the purpose
of establishing a quorum).

(c)The
Company shall send the Registration Statement to the Company Shareholders which shall seek the Company Shareholders Approval and
shall include together with all such materials it sends to the Company Shareholders in connection with the Company Shareholders
Approval a statement to the effect that the Company Board has unanimously recommended that the Company Shareholders vote in favor of
the Company Shareholders Approval and neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof shall withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend
or modify, or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify, such recommendation.

84

Section 9.07.Post-Closing
Board. The Company shall take all necessary action to cause the Company Board to, as of immediately following the Closing,
(i) comprise Feridun Hamdullahpur, Joanne Shoveler, Samuel Chau and Calvin Choi as directors, and (ii) meet the director
qualification and eligibility criteria under Applicable Laws and the applicable listing rules of the Qualified Stock Exchange,
and with at least two (2) directors qualifying as independent directors under the listing rules of the Qualified Stock
Exchange. Subject to all Applicable Laws and the memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the Company will in good
faith take reasonable steps to procure the aforenamed directors remain directors of the Company Board for at least six
(6) months after the Closing Date.

Section 9.08.Trust
Account. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 10 (other than those conditions that by their
nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions) and provision of notice thereof
to the Trustee (which notice BSII shall provide to the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement), in accordance with,
subject to and pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the BSII Governing Document, (a) at the Closing, (i) BSII shall cause the
documents, opinions and notices required to be delivered to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement to be so delivered, and (ii) shall
cause the Trustee to (A) pay as and when due all amounts payable for BSII Share Redemptions and (B) pay all amounts then available
in the Trust Account to, or at the direction of, BSII in accordance with this Agreement (including Section 4.06) and the Trust Agreement,
and (b) thereafter, the Trust Account shall terminate, except as otherwise provided therein.

Section 9.09.Form 8-K
Filings. BSII and the Company shall mutually agree upon and issue a press release announcing the execution of this Agreement. BSII
and the Company shall cooperate in good faith with respect to the prompt preparation of, and, as promptly as practicable after the effective
date of this Agreement (but in any event within four Business Days thereafter), BSII shall file with the SEC, a Current Report on Form 8-K
pursuant to the Exchange Act to report the execution of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, BSII and the Company shall mutually agree
upon and prepare a press release announcing the consummation of the Transactions (Closing Press Release). Concurrently
with or promptly after the Closing, BSII shall issue the Closing Press Release and file it on a Current Report on Form 8-K. BSII
and the Company shall cooperate in good faith with respect to the preparation of, and, at least five days prior to the Closing, BSII
shall prepare, a draft Form 8-K announcing the Closing, together with, or incorporating by reference, the required pro forma financial
statements and the historical financial statements prepared by the Company and its accountant (the Completion 8-K).
Concurrently with the Closing, or as soon as practicable (but in any event within four Business Days) thereafter, BSII shall file the
Completion 8-K with the SEC.

Section 9.10.Company
Equity Incentive Plan. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall approve and, subject to the approval of the Company Shareholders,
adopt an equity incentive plan with terms consistent with this Section 9.10 and on customary terms in line with equity incentive
plans adopted by companies listed on a Qualified Stock Exchange (the Company Equity Incentive Plan). The Company
Equity Incentive Plan will provide for the grant of awards to employees and other service providers of the Company and its Subsidiaries
with a total pool of awards of Company Class A Ordinary Shares not exceeding ten percent (10%) of the aggregate number of Company
Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding as of immediately after the Closing, on a fully diluted, as converted and as-exercised basis.
The Company Equity Incentive Plan shall be effective upon and from the Closing.

85

Section 9.11.No
Shop. During the Interim Period, BSII, on the one hand, and the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, will not, nor will
they direct, authorize, cause or permit their respective Representatives to, directly or indirectly (a) take any action to solicit,
initiate or engage in discussions or negotiations with, or enter into any binding agreement with, any Person concerning, or which would
reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Transaction, (b) in the case of BSII, fail to include the BSII Board Recommendation
in (or remove the BSII Board Recommendation from) the Registration Statement, or (c) withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify
(or publicly propose or announce any intention or desire to withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify), in a manner adverse to the
other Party, the approval of such Partys governing body of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and/or any of the Transactions,
or, in the case of BSII, the BSII Board Recommendation, unless, in the case of clauses (b) and (c), the applicable party reasonably
determines based on advice of outside counsel that the failure to take, or taking of, such action would be reasonably likely to be in
breach of the BSII Boards fiduciary duties under Applicable Law. Promptly upon receipt of an unsolicited proposal regarding an
Acquisition Transaction, BSII and each of the Company and Merger Sub shall notify the other party thereof, which notice shall include
a written summary of the material terms of such unsolicited proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties may respond to any unsolicited
proposal regarding an Acquisition Transaction only by indicating that such Party has entered into a binding definitive agreement with
respect to a business combination and is unable to provide any information related to such Party or any of its Subsidiaries or entertain
any proposals or offers or engage in any negotiations or discussions concerning an Acquisition Transaction. From and after the date hereof,
BSII shall, and shall instruct its officers and directors to, and BSII shall instruct and cause its Representatives, the Sponsor and
their respective Subsidiaries and their respective Representatives to, immediately cease and terminate all discussions and negotiations
with any Persons (other than the Company and its Representatives) with respect to an Acquisition Transaction. For the purposes hereof,
Acquisition Transaction means, (i) with respect to the Company or Merger Sub, any merger, consolidation, liquidation,
recapitalization, share exchange or other business combination transaction (other than (w) the Transactions, (x) transactions
set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, (y) transactions in the ordinary course of business, and (z) other transactions
that would not be restricted under Section 7.01(a) (p) and are not undertaken within the intention of frustrating
the Transactions), in each case, involving the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of at least a majority of the properties or
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as a whole or the Equity Securities of the Company or the Equity Securities of any Subsidiaries
of the Company representing in aggregate at least 15% of the Companys total consolidated assets, (ii) with respect to BSII,
any transaction (other than the Transactions) involving, directly or indirectly, any merger or consolidation with or acquisition of,
purchase of assets, businesses or equity of, consolidation or similar business combination with or other transaction that would constitute
a Business Combination with or involving BSII (or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of BSII), on the one hand, and any party other than the
Company, the Merger Sub or the Company Shareholders, on the other hand.

86

Section 9.12.Notification
of Certain Matters. Each of BSII, the Company and Merger Sub shall give prompt notice to the other Party of: (a) any Action
or investigation that would have been required to be disclosed to the other Party under this Agreement if such Party had knowledge of
it as of the date hereof; (b) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event whose occurrence or non-occurrence, as the case may
be, could reasonably be expected to cause any condition set forth in Section 10.02 or Section 10.03
not to be satisfied at any time from the date of this Agreement to the Merger Effective Time; (c) any notice or other communication
from any third Person alleging that the consent of such third Person is or may be required in connection with the Merger or the other
Transactions; (d) without limiting Section 9.01, any regulatory notice or report from a Governmental Authority in respect
of the Transactions; and (e) in the case of the Company, any information or knowledge obtained by the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries
that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries current projections, forecasts
or budgets or estimates of revenues, earnings or other measures of financial performance for any period.

Section 9.13.Listing
on Qualified Stock Exchange. From the date hereof through the Closing, BSII shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) ensure
that BSII remains listed as a public company, and that BSII Ordinary Shares remain listed, on the Qualified Stock Exchange, and
(ii) obtain any required extension of the time period in which BSII must consummate a Business Combination pursuant to the BSII
Governing Document. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Company is listed as a public company, and that
the Company Class A Ordinary Shares (including the Company Warrant Shares) and the Company Warrants are listed, on the
Qualified Stock Exchange, in each case, as of the Merger Effective Time. The Company shall have the right and the sole discretion to
determine the listing venue upon the Closing to be the NYSE (instead of Nasdaq) by providing notice in writing to BSII no later than
30 days from the date hereof, and following receipt of such notice BSII shall reasonably cooperate with the Company to effect such
listing.

Section 9.14.Post-Closing
Name Change. The Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than the date falling 30 days after
the Closing, change the name of the Merger Surviving Company and the name of any of the Companys other Subsidiaries such that
the names of the Merger Surviving Company and the Companys other Subsidiaries shall not contain the term Black Spade
or any other term substantially the same as or confusingly similar to Black Spade.

Article 10

Conditions to Obligations

Section 10.01.Conditions
to Obligations of BSII, the Company and Merger Sub. The obligations of BSII, the Company and Merger Sub to consummate, or cause to
be consummated, the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived (if permitted
by Applicable Law) in writing by all of such Parties:

(a)Listing
Requirements. The Company Class A Ordinary Shares (including the Company Warrant Shares) and the Company Warrants contemplated
to be listed pursuant to this Agreement shall have been duly approved for listing on the Qualified Stock Exchange, and shall be eligible
for listing on the Qualified Stock Exchange immediately following the Closing, subject only to official notice of issuance thereof and
the requirement to have a sufficient number of round lot holders.

87

(b)Required
Governmental Consents. The consents or approvals of Governmental Authorities as set forth on Section 10.01(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule shall have been received.

(c)Applicable
Law. There shall not be in force any Applicable Law or Governmental Order enjoining, prohibiting, making illegal or preventing the
consummation of the Transactions.

(d)BSII
Shareholder Approval. The BSII Shareholder Approval shall have been obtained.

(e)Company
Shareholders Approval. The Company Shareholders Approval shall have been obtained.

(f)Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective in accordance with the Securities Act.

(g)Stop
Order. No stop order shall have been issued by the SEC with respect to the Registration Statement and no Action seeking such stop
order shall have been threatened or initiated.

Section 10.02.Conditions
to Obligations of BSII. The obligations of BSII to consummate, or cause to be consummated, the Merger are subject to the satisfaction
of the following additional conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in writing by BSII:

(a)Representations
and Warranties.

(i)Each
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement (without giving effect to any materiality or Company
Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifications therein), other than the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.01,
Section 5.02, Section 5.05, Section 5.06, Section 5.09(a), 
Section 5.26 and Section 5.27, shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing, as if made
at and as of such time, except with respect to representations and warranties which speak as to another specified time, which representations
and warranties shall be true and correct at and as of such time, except for, in each case, such failures to be true and correct as would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

88

(ii)The
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 5.05(a), Section 5.06(a), Section 5.06(b), Section 5.06(c) (in respect of the Company only and not its Subsidiaries), Section 5.06(d) and Section 5.09(a) shall
be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing, as if made at and as of such time.

(iii)Each
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 5.01, Section 5.02,
Section 5.05 (other than Section 5.05(a)), Section 5.06(c) (in respect of the Companys Subsidiaries), Section 5.26 and Section 5.27 (without giving effect to any materiality
or Company Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifications therein), shall be true and correct as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing, as if made at and as of such time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty speaks
expressly as of another specified time, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such time), except
for, in each case, such failures to be true and correct as would not reasonably be expected to be material, individually or in the aggregate,
to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(b)Covenants.
Each of the covenants, obligations and agreements of the Company and Merger Sub hereunder to be performed as of or prior to the Closing
shall have been performed in all material respects; provided, that for the purposes of this Section 10.02(b), a covenant of the
Company or the Merger Sub shall only be deemed to have not been performed if the Company or Merger Sub (as the case may be) has materially
breached such covenant and failed to cure, if curable, within 20 days after receipt by the Company or Merger Sub (as the case may be)
from BSII notice of such breach.

(c)No
Company Material Adverse Effect. From the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred a Company Material Adverse Effect
that is continuing.

(d)Closing
Deliverables. BSII shall have received the deliverables set forth in Section 4.01(a).

(e)Letter
of Support. The Letter of Support shall have been duly executed and not revoked, supplemented or amended.

(f)AMTD Intellectual Property. Each of the AMTD-Company Intellectual Property License and the Confirmatory Transfer Agreement
shall have been duly executed and not revoked, supplemented or amended.

Section 10.03.Conditions
to the Obligations of the Company and Merger Sub. The obligation of the Company and Merger Sub to consummate
the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in writing by
the Company:

(a)Representations
and Warranties.

(i)Each
of the representations and warranties of BSII contained in this Agreement (without giving effect to any materiality or BSII Material
Adverse Effect or similar qualifications therein), other than the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01,
Section 6.02, Section 6.06, Section 6.12(b) and Section 6.21,
shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing, as if made at and as of such time, except with respect
to representations and warranties which speak as to another specified time, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct
at and as of such time, except for, in each case, such failures to be true and correct as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a BSII Material Adverse Effect.

89

(ii)The
representations and warranties of BSII contained in Section 6.01(c), Section 6.02 and Section 6.12(b) shall
be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing, as if made at and as of such time.

(iii)Each
of the representations and warranties of BSII contained in Section 6.01(a), Section 6.01(b), Section 6.06
and Section 6.21 (without giving effect to any materiality or BSII Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifications
therein), shall be true and correct in all respects except for de minimis inaccuracies as of the date of this Agreement and as
of the Closing, as if made at and as of such time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty speaks expressly as
of another specified time, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects except for de
minimis inaccuracies as of such time).

(b)Covenants.
Each of the covenants, obligations and agreements of BSII hereunder to be performed as of or prior to the Closing shall have been performed
in all material respects provided, that for the purposes of this Section 10.03(b), a covenant of BSII shall only be deemed to have
not been performed if BSII has materially breached such covenant and failed to cure, if curable, within 20 days after receipt by BSII
from the Company or Merger Sub notice of such breach.

(c)No
BSII Material Adverse Effect. From the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred a BSII Material Adverse Effect that
is continuing.

(d)Closing
Deliverables. The Company shall have received the deliverables set forth in Section 4.01(b).

(e)Net
Tangible Assets. The Merger Surviving Company (as the successor of BSII) shall have at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as
determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) remaining after the consummation of the Business Combination
and the closing of the BSII Share Redemption.

Section 10.04.Satisfaction
of Conditions. All conditions to the obligations of the Company, Merger Sub and BSII to proceed with the Closing under this Agreement
will be deemed to have been fully and completely satisfied or waived for all purposes if the Closing occurs.

90

Article 11

Termination

Section 11.01.Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby abandoned prior to the Closing only:

(a)by
a written instrument executed by all the Parties;

(b)by
BSII or the Company if the Registration Statement shall not have become effective in accordance with the Securities Act on or before
the Effectiveness Deadline; provided that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.01(b) shall not
be available to any Party whose breach of or failure to perform any provision of this Agreement results in the failure of the Registration
Statement to become effective on or before the Effectiveness Deadline;

(c)by
either the Company or BSII if the consummation of the Merger is permanently enjoined, prohibited, deemed illegal or prevented by the
terms of a final and non-appealable Governmental Order;

(d)by
BSII if (i) there is any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company or Merger Sub
set forth in this Agreement, such that the conditions specified in Section 10.02(a) or Section 10.02(b) would
not be satisfied at the Closing (a Terminating Company Breach), and (ii) if such Terminating Company Breach
is curable by the Company or Merger Sub (as applicable) and only as long as the Company or Merger Sub (as applicable) continues to use
its reasonable best efforts to cure such Terminating Company Breach, for a period of 30 days (or any shorter period of the time that
remains between the date BSII provides written notice of such violation or breach and the Effectiveness Deadline) after receipt by the
Company of written notice from BSII of such breach, the Terminating Company Breach is not cured; provided that BSII shall not
have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.01(d) if BSII is then in breach of its covenants,
agreements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement, which breach by BSII would cause any condition set forth in Section 10.03(a) or
Section 10.03(b) not to be satisfied;

(e)by
the Company if (i) there is any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of BSII set forth in this
Agreement, such that the conditions specified in Section 10.03(a) or Section 10.03(b) would
not be satisfied at the Closing (a Terminating BSII Breach), and (ii) if such Terminating BSII Breach is curable
by BSII and only as long as BSII continues to use its reasonable best efforts to cure such Terminating BSII Breach, for a period of 30
days (or any shorter period of the time that remains between the date the Company provides written notice of such violation or breach
and the Effectiveness Deadline) after receipt by BSII of written notice from the Company of such violation or breach, the Terminating
BSII Breach is not cured; provided that the Company shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.01(e) if
the Company or Merger Sub is then in breach of its covenants, agreements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement,
which breach by the Company or Merger Sub would cause any condition set forth in Section 10.02(a) or Section 10.02(b) not
to be satisfied; or

91

(f)by
either the Company or BSII if the BSII Shareholder Approval is not obtained upon a vote duly taken thereon at the BSII Extraordinary
General Meeting (including any permitted adjournment or postponement of the BSII Extraordinary General Meeting).

The Party desiring to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 11.01 (other than Section 11.01(a))
shall give written notice of such termination to each other Party.

Section 11.02.Effect
of Termination. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 11.02, in the event of the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 11.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part
of any party hereto or its respective Affiliates, officers, directors or shareholders, other than liability of any of the Parties for
any intentional and wilful material breach of this Agreement or fraud by such Party occurring prior to such termination. The provisions
of Section 7.03, 11.02, 12.05, 12.06, 12.07, 12.08, 12.09, 12.10, 12.13, 12.15, 12.16
and 12.17 (collectively, the Surviving Provisions) and the Confidentiality Agreement, and any defined term
or other Section or Article of this Agreement referenced in the Surviving Provisions which are required to survive in order
to give appropriate effect to the Surviving Provisions, shall, in each case, survive any termination of this Agreement.

Article 12

Miscellaneous

Section 12.01.Non-Survival
of Representations, Warranties and Covenants. None of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement
or in any instrument, document or certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing, except for (a) those
covenants and agreements contained herein and therein which by their terms expressly apply in whole or in part after the Closing and
then only to such extent until such covenants and agreements have been fully performed, (b) any covenants and agreements in the
Surviving Provisions and (c) any claim arising out of fraud.

Section 12.02.Waiver.
Any party to this Agreement may, at any time prior to the Closing, waive any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. No waiver
of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be valid unless the waiver is in writing and signed by the waiving party.

92

Section 12.03.Notices.
All notices and other communications among the parties hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when
delivered in person, (b) when delivered after posting in the United States mail having been sent registered or certified mail return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) when delivered by FedEx or other nationally recognized overnight delivery service, or (d) when
delivered by email or other electronic transmission (in each case in this clause (d), solely if receipt is confirmed), addressed as follows:

(i) If to BSII, to:

Black Spade Acquisition II Co

Suite 2902, 29/F, The Centrium

60 Wyndham Street, Central

Hong Kong

Attention: Dennis Tam

Kester Ng

Email: dennis.tam@blackspadeacquisitionii.com

kester.ng@blackspadeacquisitionii.com

with copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

9 Raffles Place 

#42 02 Republic Plaza

Singapore 048619

Attention: Sharon Lau

Stacey Wong

Email: sharon.lau@lw.com

stacey.wong@lw.com

(ii) If
to the Company or Merger Sub, to:

World Media and Entertainment
Universal Inc.

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681,

Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands 

Attention: Feridun Hamdullahpur

Email: feridun.hamdullahpur@amtd.world

with copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

c/o
42/F Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark

15
Queens Road Central, Hong Kong

Attention: Shu
Du

Email: shu.du@skadden.com

or to such other address or addresses as the parties may
from time to time designate in writing by notice to the other parties in accordance with this Section 12.03.

93

Section 12.04.Assignment.
No party hereto shall assign, delegate or otherwise transfer (by operation of law or otherwise) any of its rights or obligations under
this Agreement or any part hereof without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Any assignment in contravention of the
preceding sentence shall be null and void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Section 12.05.Rights
of Third Parties. Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give any Person,
other than the Parties hereto, any right or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right to
rely upon the accuracy or completeness of the representations and warranties set forth herein; provided, however, that,
notwithstanding the foregoing (a) in the event the Closing occurs, the present and former officers and directors of BSII (and their
successors, heirs and representatives) are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, Section 9.02, and (b) the
past, present and future directors, managers, officers, employees, incorporators, members, partners, equityholders, Affiliates, agents,
attorneys, advisors and representatives of the parties and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing (and their successors, heirs and representatives),
are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, this Section 12.05 and Section 12.16.

Section 12.06.Expenses.
Except as otherwise provided herein, each Party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Ancillary
Agreements and the Transactions whether or not such Transactions shall be consummated, including all fees of its legal counsel, financial
advisors and accountants; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if the Transactions are consummated, (i) the
Company shall pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel, auditors and financial and other
advisors and fees and expenses under Section 9.02) incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries and BSII in connection with this
Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements, and the Transactions; provided that any costs and expenses in respect of any underwriting
commission or discount of a discretionary nature (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, any underwriting commission or discount which
is not of a discretionary nature) shall not be incurred by BSII or the Sponsor without mutual written consent of BSII and the Company;
BSII shall provide the Company, upon the Companys written request, with written notice (which delivery may be made via email)
of its reasonable estimates of the costs and expenses incurred as of such date by BSII; and (ii) the Sponsor shall pay or cause
to be paid all costs and expenses reasonably incurred (and supported by reasonable documentation) by the Company and its Subsidiaries
and Representatives in connection with conducting and/or participating in investor presentations to, and addressing questions from, BSII
Shareholders up to an aggregate amount not exceeding US$100,000 (such amount, to the extent payable pursuant to this Section 12.06,
may be set off by the Company from the amount to be paid by the Company to the Sponsor pursuant to Section 4.06).

Section 12.07.Governing
Law. This Agreement, and all Actions based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby,
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles or rules of
conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of laws of another jurisdiction.

94

Section 12.08.Dispute
Resolution and Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a)Subject
to Section 12.15, any Action based upon, arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby may be brought in the courts of the Borough of Manhattan in the State of New York, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction,
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York located therein and, in each case, appellate courts therefrom,
and each of the Parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in any such Action, waives any objection
it may now or hereafter have to personal jurisdiction, venue or to convenience of forum, agrees that all claims in respect of such Action
shall be heard and determined only in any such court, and agrees not to bring any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby in any other court. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the right of any Party
to serve process in any manner permitted by Applicable Law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against any other party
in any other jurisdiction, in each case, to enforce judgments obtained in any Action brought pursuant to this Section 12.08.

(b)EACH
PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF
ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section 12.08.

Section 12.09.Headings
and Captions; Counterparts. The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be considered a part
of or affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any facsimile or .pdf
copies hereof or signatures hereon shall, for all purposes, be deemed originals. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart
hereof signed by the other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have any right or obligation hereunder
(whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication).

Section 12.10.Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Annexes, Appendices, Exhibits or Schedules annexed hereto or
referred to herein, including the Company Disclosure Schedule and the BSII Disclosure Schedule), the Confidentiality Agreement, and the
Ancillary Agreements constitute the entire agreement among the Parties relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and supersede
any other agreements, whether written or oral, that may have been made or entered into by or among any of the parties hereto or any of
their respective Subsidiaries relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. No representations, warranties, covenants, understandings,
agreements, oral or otherwise, relating to the Transactions exist between the parties hereto except as expressly set forth in this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements.

95

Section 12.11.Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, only by a duly authorized agreement in writing executed by each of the
Parties; provided that, after the BSII Shareholder Approval has been obtained, there shall be no amendment or modification that
would require the further approval of the Pre-Closing BSII Holders under Applicable Law without such approval having first been obtained.

Section 12.12.Publicity.
Except communications consistent with the final form of joint press release announcing the Transactions and the investor presentation
given to investors in connection with the announcement of the Transactions, BSII, on the one hand, and the Company and Merger Sub, on
the other hand, shall consult with each other, and provide meaningful opportunity for review and give due consideration to reasonable
comment by the other, prior to issuing any press releases or other public written communications or otherwise making planned public statements
with respect to the Transactions and prior to making any filings with any third party and/or any Governmental Authority with respect
thereto, and (other than in the case where the public announcement is required by Applicable Law) shall not make or issue any such press
release or other public written communications or otherwise make any planned public statements without the prior written consent of the
other Parties, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Section 12.13.Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The Parties further agree that if any provision contained herein is, to any extent,
held invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any Applicable Law governing this Agreement, they shall take any actions necessary
to render the remaining provisions of this Agreement valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law and, to
the extent necessary, shall amend or otherwise modify this Agreement to replace any provision contained herein that is held invalid or
unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to the intent of the parties.

Section 12.14.Disclosure
Schedules. Each of the Company and BSII has set forth information on their respective disclosure schedules in a section thereof that
corresponds to the section of this Agreement to which it relates. A matter set forth in one section of a disclosure schedule need not
be set forth in any other section so long as its relevance to such other section of the disclosure schedule or section of the Agreement
is reasonably apparent. Any item of information, matter or document disclosed or referenced in, or attached to, the Company Disclosure
Schedules or the BSII Disclosure Schedules shall not (a) be used as a basis for interpreting the terms material, Company
Material Adverse Effect, BSII Material Adverse Effect, material adverse effect or other similar terms
in this Agreement or to establish a standard of materiality, (b) represent a determination that such item or matter did not arise
in the ordinary course of business, (c) constitute, or be deemed to constitute, an admission of liability or obligation regarding
such matter (other than with respect to any section of the Company Disclosure Schedules or BSII Disclosure Schedules, as applicable,
referred to in any representation or warranty in this Agreement that expressly requires listing facts, circumstances or agreements in
such section of the Company Disclosure Schedules or BSII Disclosure Schedules, as applicable), or (d) notwithstanding the foregoing
in subclause (c), constitute, or be deemed to constitute, an admission to any third party in any respect concerning such item or
matter.

96

Section 12.15.Enforcement.

(a)The
Parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in
the event that the Parties do not perform their respective obligations under the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with its
specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Parties shall be entitled to seek an
injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions hereof, without proof of Damages or inadequacy of any remedy at Applicable Law, prior to the valid termination of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 11.01, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled under
this Agreement or Applicable Law.

(b)Each
Party agrees that it will not oppose the granting of specific performance and other equitable relief on the basis that the other Parties
have an adequate remedy at law or that an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that any Party seeking an injunction to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 12.15(b) shall not be required to provide any bond
or other security in connection with any such injunction. The Parties acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Section 12.15
shall require any Party to institute any proceeding for (or limit any Partys right to institute any proceeding for) specific performance
under this Section 12.15 before exercising any termination right under Section 11.01 or pursuing damages.

Section 12.16.Non-Recourse.
This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any Action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby may only be brought against, the entities that are expressly named as parties hereto and then only with respect to
the specific obligations set forth herein with respect to such Party. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator,
member, partner, shareholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, advisor or representative or Affiliate of any named party to this Agreement
and no past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, shareholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, advisor
or representative or Affiliate of any of the foregoing shall have any liability (whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) for
any one or more of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations or liabilities of any one or more of the
Company, Merger Sub or BSII under this Agreement of or for any Action based on, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 12.16, nothing in this Section 12.16
shall limit (a) any liabilities or obligations against any party to an Ancillary Agreement in respect thereof or (b) any Partys
remedies in the event of fraud.

97

Section 12.17.Legal
Representation. The Company hereby agrees on behalf of itself and its directors, members, partners, officers, employees and Affiliates,
and each of their respective successors and assigns (all such parties, the Company Waiving Parties), that any legal
counsel (including Latham & Watkins LLP and Appleby) that represented BSII and/or the Sponsor prior to the Closing may represent
the Sponsor or any of the Sponsors Affiliates or the Sponsors or its Affiliates respective directors, members, partners,
officers or employees, in each case, in connection with any Action or obligation arising out of or relating to this Agreement, notwithstanding
its representation (or any continued representation) of BSII or other Company Waiving Parties, and each of BSII and the Company on behalf
of itself and the Company Waiving Parties hereby consents thereto and irrevocably waives (and will not assert) any conflict of interest,
breach of duty or any other objection arising therefrom or relating thereto. Each of BSII and the Company on behalf of itself and the
Company Waiving Parties hereby further agrees that, as to all legally privileged communications prior to the Closing between or among
any legal counsel (including Latham & Watkins LLP and Appleby) that represented the Sponsor or any of the Sponsors Affiliates
or the Sponsors or its Affiliates respective directors, members, partners, officers or employees prior to the Closing in
any way related to the transactions contemplated hereby, the attorney/client privilege and the expectation of client confidence belongs
to the Sponsor and may be controlled by the Sponsor, and shall not pass to or be claimed or controlled by the Company (after giving effect
to the Closing) or any other Company Waiving Party; provided that the Sponsor shall not waive such attorney/client privilege other
than to the extent they determine appropriate in connection with the enforcement or defense of their respective rights or obligations
existing under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any privileged communications or information shared by the Company or any
Company Waiving Party prior to the Closing with BSII or the Sponsor (in any capacity) under a common interest agreement shall remain
the privileged communications or information of the Company. The Company acknowledges that the foregoing provisions apply whether or
not any legal counsel (including Latham & Watkins LLP and Appleby) that represented BSII and/or the Sponsor prior to the Closing
provides legal services to the Company, BSII or any other Company Waiving Parties after the Closing Date.

[Signature pages follow.]

98

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date hereof.

BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO

By: /s/ Chi Wai Dennis Tam

Name: Chi Wai Dennis Tam

Title: Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Business Combination
Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date hereof.

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Business Combination
Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date hereof.

WME Merger Sub Limited

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Business Combination
Agreement]

ANNEX A

FORM OF LISTING ARTICLES

(attached)

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

THE FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.

(adopted by a Special Resolution dated []
and effective on [])

1. The name of the Company is World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc.

2. The Registered Office of the Company will be situated at the offices of
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand
Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands, or at such other location within the Cayman Islands as
the Directors may from time to time determine.

3. The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the
Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the
Companies Act or any other law of the Cayman Islands.

4. The Company shall have and be capable of exercising all the functions of
a natural person of full capacity irrespective of any question of corporate benefit as provided
by the Companies Act.

5. The Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm
or corporation except in furtherance of the business of the Company carried on outside the
Cayman Islands; provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as to prevent the
Company effecting and concluding contracts in the Cayman Islands, and exercising in the Cayman
Islands all of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside the Cayman
Islands.

6. The liability of each Shareholder is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid
on the Shares held by such Shareholder.

7. The authorised share capital of the Company is US$[] divided into
(i) [] voting class A ordinary shares of a par value of US$[0.0001] each, (ii) []
voting class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$[0.0001] each and (iii) [1,680]
non-voting redeemable preferred shares of a par value of US$[0.0001] each. Subject to the
Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall have power
to redeem or purchase any of its Shares and to increase or reduce its authorised share capital
and to sub-divide or consolidate the said Shares or any of them and to issue all or any part
of its capital whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced with or without any preference,
priority, special privilege or other rights or subject to any postponement of rights or to
any conditions or restrictions whatsoever in accordance with articles 8 and 9 of the Articles
of Association of the Company, and so that unless the conditions of issue shall otherwise
expressly provide every issue of shares whether stated to be ordinary, preference or otherwise
shall be subject to the powers on the part of the Company hereinbefore provided.

8. The Company has the power contained in the Companies Act to deregister
in the Cayman Islands and be registered by way of continuation in some other jurisdiction.

9. Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Memorandum of Association
bear the same meanings as those given in the Articles of Association of the Company.

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

THE FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.

(adopted by a Special Resolution dated []
and effective on [])

TABLE A

The regulations contained or incorporated in Table A
in the First Schedule of the Companies Act shall not apply to the Company and the following Articles shall comprise the Articles of Association
of the Company.

INTERPRETATION

1. In these Articles the following defined terms will have the meanings ascribed
to them, if not inconsistent with the subject or context:

Affiliate means
in respect of a Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, through one (1) or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, and (i) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without
limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law,
a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, and a corporation, partnership or any other entity wholly or jointly owned by any
of the foregoing, and (ii) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any other entity or any natural
person which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such entity. The term control shall mean the ownership, directly or indirectly, of shares possessing more than fifty
percent (50%) of the voting power of the corporation, partnership or other entity (other than, in the case of a corporation, securities
having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency), or having the power to control the management or elect a majority
of members to the board of directors or equivalent decision-making body of such corporation, partnership or other entity;

Articles means
these articles of association of the Company, as amended or substituted from time to time;

Board
and

Board of Directors and Directors means
the directors of the Company for the time being, or as the case may be, the directors assembled as a board or as a committee thereof;

Chairman
of the meeting means the
Chairman presiding at any meeting of Members or of the Directors; 

Chairman
of the Board means
the chairman of the Board of Directors, or if more than one chairman of the Board has been appointed, together, the Co- Chairmen
of the Board;

Change
of Control

means
(i) any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Company with or into any other Person or other corporate reorganization
including any issue of shares, in which the members of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger
or reorganization or issue of shares own less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power in the Voting Ordinary Shares immediately
after such consolidation, merger, amalgamation, or reorganization or issue of shares, or any transaction or series of related transactions
to which the Company is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the voting power in the Voting Ordinary Shares is transferred,
but excluding any transaction effected solely for tax purposes or to change the Companys domicile, or (ii) a sale, lease
or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided that none of the following
shall constitute a Change of Control: (a) a consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (b) a merger effected
exclusively to change the domicile of the Company, and (c) an equity financing consummated solely for capital-raising purposes
in which the Company is the surviving corporation and which is approved by the Board;

Class
or Classes means
any class or classes of Shares as may from time to time be issued by the Company;

Class A
Ordinary Share means
a voting class A ordinary share of a par value of US$[0.0001] in the share capital of the Company and having the rights provided
for in these Articles;

Class B
Ordinary Share means
a voting class B ordinary share of a par value of US$[0.0001] in the share capital of the Company and having the rights provided
for in these Articles;

Company means
World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Companies
Act means
the Companies Act (as revised) of the Cayman Islands;

Designated
Stock Exchange means
the stock exchange in the United States on which any equity securities of the Company are listed for trading;

Designated
Stock Exchange Rules means
the relevant code, rules and regulations, as amended, from time to time, applicable as a result of the original and continued
listing of any equity securities of the Company on the Designated Stock Exchange;

electronic has
the meaning given to it in the Electronic Transactions Act and any amendment thereto or re-enactments thereof for the time being
in force and includes every other law incorporated therewith or substituted therefor;

electronic
communication means
electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website or other electronic delivery
methods as otherwise decided and approved by not less than two-thirds of the vote of the Board;

electronic
meeting means
a general meeting held and conducted wholly and exclusively by virtual attendance and participation by Members and/or proxies by
means of electronic facilities;

Electronic
Transactions Act means
the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and any statutory amendment or re-enactment thereof;

electronic
record has
the meaning given to it in the Electronic Transactions Act and any amendment thereto or re-enactments thereof for the time being
in force and includes every other law incorporated therewith or substituted therefor;

Exempt
Persons means
Mr. Calvin Chi Kin Choi and any other Person designated by Mr. Calvin Chi Kin Choi; 

hybrid
meeting a
general meeting convened for (i) physical attendance by Members and/or proxies at the Principal Meeting Place and where applicable,
one or more Meeting Locations and (ii) virtual attendance and participation by Members and/or proxies by means of electronic
facilities; 

Independent
Directors has
the same meaning as in the Designated Stock Exchange Rules or in Rule 10A-3 under the United States Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, as the case may be;

Meeting
Location has
the meaning given to it in Article 76;

Memorandum
of Association means
the memorandum of association of the Company, as amended or substituted from time to time;

Non-Voting
Preferred Shares the
non-voting redeemable preferred shares of a par value of US$[0.0001] each in the share capital of the Company and having the rights
provided for in these Articles; 

Ordinary
Resolution 

means
a resolution:

(a) &hairsp; passed
by a simple majority of the votes cast by such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed,
by proxy or, in the case of corporations, by their duly authorised representatives, at a general meeting of the Company held in accordance
with these Articles; or

(b) approved
in writing by all of the Shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one or more instruments each signed
by one or more of the Shareholders and the effective date of the resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument,
or the last of such instruments, if more than one, is executed;

Voting
Ordinary Share means
a Class A Ordinary Share or a Class B Ordinary Share;

paid
up means
paid up as to the par value in respect of the issue of any Shares and includes credited as paid up;

Preferred
Shares Liquidation Preference means
US$100,000,000. 

Person means
any natural person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having a
separate legal personality) or any of them as the context so requires;

physical
meeting a
general meeting held and conducted by physical attendance and participation by Members and/or proxies at the Principal Meeting Place
and/or where applicable, one or more Meeting Locations;

Principal
Meeting Place shall
have the meaning given to it in Article 64(2);

Register means
the register of Members of the Company and where applicable, any branch register of Members of the Company to be maintained at such
place within or outside the Cayman Islands as the Board shall determine from time to time in accordance with the Companies Act;

Registered
Office means
the registered office of the Company as required by the Companies Act;

Seal means
the common seal of the Company (if adopted) including any facsimile thereof;

Secretary means
any Person appointed by the Directors to perform any of the duties of the secretary of the Company;

Securities
Act means
the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States, as amended, or any similar federal statute and the rules and regulations of
the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time;

Share means
a share in the share capital of the Company. All references to Shares herein shall be deemed to be Shares of any or
all Classes or series as the context may require. For the avoidance of doubt in these Articles the expression Share
shall include a fraction of a Share;

Shareholder
or Member means
a Person who is registered as the holder of one or more Shares in the Register;

Share
Premium Account means
the share premium account established in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Act;

signed means
bearing a signature or representation of a signature affixed by mechanical means or an electronic symbol or process attached to or
logically associated with an electronic communication and executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the electronic
communication;

Special
Resolution 

means
a special resolution of the Company passed in accordance with the Companies Act, being a
resolution:

(a) 
&hairsp;passed by not less than two-thirds of the votes cast by such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in
person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy or, in the case of corporations, by their duly authorised representatives, at a
general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been
duly given; or

(b) 
approved in writing by all of the Shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one or
more instruments each signed by one or more of the Shareholders and the effective date of the special resolution so adopted shall be
the date on which the instrument or the last of such instruments, if more than one, is executed;

Statutes means
the Act and every other law of the Legislature of the Cayman Islands for the time being in force applying to or affecting the Company,
its Memorandum of Association and/or these Articles; 

Treasury
Share means
a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Companies Act; and

2. In these Articles, save where the context requires otherwise:

(a) words importing the singular number shall include the plural number
and vice versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender only shall include the feminine
gender and any Person as the context may require;

(c) the word may shall be construed as permissive and the
word shall shall be construed as imperative;

(d) reference to a dollar or dollars (or US$) and to a cent or cents is
reference to dollars and cents of the United States;

(e) reference to a statutory enactment shall include reference to any
amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force;

(f) reference to any determination by the Directors shall be construed
as a determination by the Directors in their sole and absolute discretion and shall be applicable
either generally or in any particular case;

(g) reference to in writing shall be construed as written
or represented by any means reproducible in writing, including any form of print, lithograph,
email, facsimile, photograph or telex or represented by any other substitute or format for
storage or transmission for writing including in the form of an electronic record or partly
one and partly another;

(h) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery
in the form of an electronic record or an electronic communication;

(i) the right of a Member to speak at an electronic meeting or a hybrid
meeting shall include the right to raise questions or make statements to the Chairman of
the meeting by means of electronic facilities. Such a right shall be deemed to have been
duly exercised if the questions or statements may be heard or seen by all persons present
at the meeting;

(j) a reference to a meeting shall mean a meeting convened and held in
any manner permitted by these Articles and any Member or Director attending and participating
at a meeting by means of electronic facilities shall be deemed to be present at that meeting
for all purposes of the Statutes and these Articles, and attend, participate,
attending, participating, attendance and participation
shall be construed accordingly;

(k) references to electronic facilities include without limitation website
addresses, webinars, webcast, video or any form of conference call systems via telephone,
video, web or otherwise;

(l) where a Member is a corporation, any reference in these Articles to
a Member shall, where the context requires, refer to a duly authorised representative of
such Member;

(m) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles,
including the execution of the Articles themselves, may be satisfied in the form of an electronic
signature as defined in the Electronic Transaction Act; and

(n) Sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall
not apply.

3. Subject to the last two preceding Articles, any words defined in the Companies
Act shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context, bear the same meaning in these
Articles.

PRELIMINARY

4. The business of the Company may be conducted as the Directors see fit.

5. The Registered Office shall be at such address in the Cayman Islands as
the Directors may from time to time determine. The Company may in addition establish and
maintain such other offices and places of business and agencies in such places as the Directors
may from time to time determine.

6. The expenses incurred in the formation of the Company and in connection
with the offer for subscription and issue of Shares shall be paid by the Company. Such expenses
may be amortised over such period as the Directors may determine and the amount so paid shall
be charged against income and/or capital in the accounts of the Company as the Directors
shall determine.

7. The Directors shall keep, or cause to be kept, the Register at such place
as the Directors may from time to time determine and, in the absence of any such determination,
the Register shall be kept at the Registered Office.

SHARES

8. Subject to these Articles, all Shares for the time being unissued shall
be under the control of the Directors who may, in their absolute discretion and without the
approval of the Members, cause the Company to:

(a) allot and issue Shares (including, without limitation, preferred shares)
(whether in certificated form or non-certificated form) to such Persons, in such manner,
on such terms and conditions and for such consideration, and at such times as they may from
time to time determine;

(b) grant rights over Shares or other securities to be issued in one or
more classes or series as they deem necessary or appropriate and determine the designations,
powers, preferences, privileges and other rights attaching to such Shares or securities,
including dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, terms of redemption and liquidation
preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the powers, preferences, privileges
and rights associated with the then issued and outstanding Shares, at such times and on such
other terms as they think proper; and

(c) grant options with respect to Shares and issue warrants or similar
instruments with respect thereto.

9. The Directors may from time to time authorise the creation of new Classes
or series of Shares and the re-designation and re-classification of Shares of any Classes
or series into any number of existing or new Classes or series of Shares (including Classes
or series of preferred Shares) and any new Classes or series of Shares shall be authorised,
created and designated with such rights (including, without limitation, voting, dividend
and redemption rights), restrictions, preferences, privileges and payment obligations as
may be fixed and determined by the Directors or by an Ordinary Resolution. The Directors
may create and issue any new Class or series of Shares with such preferred or other
rights, all or any of which may be greater than the rights of the Voting Ordinary Shares
and the Non-Voting Preferred Shares, at such time and on such terms as they may think appropriate.
Notwithstanding Article 18, the Directors may create and issue from time to time, out
of the authorised share capital of the Company, series of preferred Shares in their absolute
discretion and without approval of the Members; provided, however, before any preferred Shares
of any such series are issued, the Directors shall by resolution of Directors determine,
with respect to any series of preferred Shares, the terms and rights of that series, including:

(a) the designation of such series, the number of preferred Shares to
constitute such series and the subscription price thereof if different from the par value
thereof;

(b) whether the preferred Shares of such series shall have voting rights,
in addition to any voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights,
which may be general or limited;

(c) the dividends, if any, payable on such series, whether any such dividends
shall be cumulative, and, if so, from what dates, the conditions and dates upon which such
dividends shall be payable, and the preference or relation which such dividends shall bear
to the dividends payable on any Shares of any other class or any other series of Shares;

(d) whether the preferred Shares of such series shall be subject to redemption
by the Company, and, if so, the times, prices and other conditions of such redemption;

(e) whether the preferred Shares of such series shall have any rights
to receive any part of the assets available for distribution amongst the Members upon the
liquidation of the Company, and, if so, the terms of such liquidation preference, and the
relation which such liquidation preference shall bear to the entitlements of the holders
of Shares of any other class or any other series of Shares;

(f) whether the preferred Shares of such series shall be subject to the
operation of a retirement or sinking fund and, if so, the extent to and manner in which any
such retirement or sinking fund shall be applied to the purchase or redemption of the preferred
Shares of such series for retirement or other corporate purposes and the terms and provisions
relative to the operation thereof;

(g) whether the preferred Shares of such series shall be convertible into,
or exchangeable for, Shares of any other class or any other series of preferred Shares or
any other securities and, if so, the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or
exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any other terms and conditions
of conversion or exchange;

(h) the limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any
preferred Shares of such series are outstanding upon the payment of dividends or the making
of other distributions on, and upon the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the
Company of, the existing Shares or Shares of any other class of Shares or any other series
of preferred Shares;

(i) the conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the creation of indebtedness
of the Company or upon the issue of any additional Shares, including additional Shares of
such series or of any other class of Shares or any other series of preferred Shares; and

(j) any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional
and other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof;

and, for such purposes, the Directors may reserve an appropriate
number of Shares for the time being unissued. The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

10. The Company may insofar as may be permitted by law, pay a commission to
any Person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe whether absolutely
or conditionally for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash
or the lodgement of fully or partly paid-up Shares or partly in one way and partly in the
other. The Company may also pay such brokerage as may be lawful on any issue of Shares.

11. The Directors may refuse to accept any application for Shares, and may
accept any application in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason.

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES AND CLASS B
ORDINARY SHARES

12. Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares
shall at all times vote together as a single class on all resolutions submitted to a vote
by the Members (including Ordinary Resolutions and Special Resolutions). Each Class A
Ordinary Share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject
to vote at general meetings of the Company. Each Class B Ordinary Share shall entitle
the holder thereof to [twenty] ([20]) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings
of the Company.

13. Each Class B Ordinary Share is convertible into one (1) Class A
Ordinary Share at any time by the holder thereof. The right to convert shall be exercisable
by the holder of the Class B Ordinary Share delivering a written notice to the Company
electing conversion and specifying the number of Class B Ordinary Shares that the holder
elects to convert into Class A Ordinary Shares.

14. Any number of Class B Ordinary Shares held by a holder thereof will be automatically and immediately converted into an equal
number of Class A Ordinary Shares upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of such number of Class B Ordinary Shares by the holder thereof
or the direct or indirect transfer or assignment of the voting power attached to such number of Class B Ordinary Shares through voting
proxy or otherwise to any person other than an Exempt Person;

for the avoidance of doubt, the creation of any pledge, charge,
encumbrance or other third party right of whatever description on any of Class B Ordinary Shares to secure contractual or legal obligations
shall not be deemed as a sale, transfer, assignment or disposition unless and until any such pledge, charge, encumbrance or other third
party right is enforced and results in a third party that is not an Exempt Person holding directly or indirectly beneficial ownership
or voting power through voting proxy or otherwise to the related Class B Ordinary Shares, in which case all the related Class B
Ordinary Shares shall be automatically converted into the same number of Class A Ordinary Shares; or

(b) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of a majority of the issued and outstanding voting securities of,
or the direct or indirect transfer or assignment of the voting power attached to such voting securities through voting proxy or otherwise,
or the direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of, a holder of Class B
Ordinary Shares that is an entity to any person other than an Exempt Person;

for the avoidance of doubt, the creation of any pledge, charge,
encumbrance or other third party right of whatever description on the issued and outstanding voting securities or the assets of a holder
of Class B Ordinary Shares that is an entity to secure contractual or legal obligations shall not be deemed as a sale, transfer,
assignment or disposition under this clause (b) unless and until any such pledge, charge, encumbrance or other third party right
is enforced and results in a third party that is not an Exempt Person holding directly or indirectly beneficial ownership or voting power
through voting proxy or otherwise to the related issued and outstanding voting securities or the assets.

15. Any conversion of Class B Ordinary Shares into Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to these Articles shall be effected in any
manner available under applicable law, including by means of the re-designation and re-classification of each relevant Class B Ordinary
Share as a Class A Ordinary Share. Such conversion shall become effective forthwith upon entries being made in the Register to record
the re-designation and re-classification of the relevant Class B Ordinary Shares as Class A Ordinary Shares.

16. Class A Ordinary Shares are not convertible into Class B Ordinary Shares under any circumstances.

17. Save and except for voting rights and conversion rights as set out in Articles 12 to 16 (inclusive), the Class A Ordinary Shares
and the Class B Ordinary Shares shall rank pari passu with one another and shall have the same rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions.

NON-VOTING PREFERRED SHARES

17A. Holders of Non-Voting Preferred Shares shall:

(a) only on any transaction that may result in a Change of Control, be entitled to cast one (1) vote per Non-Voting Preferred Share
and shall vote at a separate general meeting of the holders of the Non-Voting Preferred Shares at which meeting the necessary quorum shall
be one or more Persons holding or representing by proxy at least one-third (1/3) of the issued Non-Voting Preferred Shares or by a written
resolution signed by all holders of Non-Voting Preferred Shares (or of the sole holder, in the event that there is only one holder thereof),
and no transaction that may result in a Change of Control may proceed unless and until so approved with the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution
passed by the holders of the Non-Voting Preferred Shares or by written resolutions of the holders of the non-Voting Preferred Shares passed
in accordance with the above. Save for the above and except as provided the Memorandum of Association or other provisions of these Articles,
each Non-Voting Preferred Share shall not be entitled to vote on any other matters subject to a vote at general meetings of the Company;

(b) not be entitled to any dividends for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of effectiveness of these Articles;

(c) in the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company, be entitled, prior and in preference to holders of the Voting
Ordinary Shares, to the distribution of the assets of the Company available for distribution in the amount of the Preferred Shares Liquidation
Preference (ratably based on the Non-Voting Preferred Shares held by each holder thereof), and the assets (if any) available for distribution
after the full distribution of the Preferred Shares Liquidation Preference shall be distributed ratably among holders of the Voting Ordinary
Shares;

(d) be subject to redemption and repurchase of the Non-Voting Preferred Shares after one (1) year of issuance at par value at the
option of the Company; and

(e) not be entitled to be have any Non-Voting Preferred Share redeemed, repurchased or converted into any other class or series of shares
at the option of the holder.

MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS

18. Whenever the share capital of the Company is divided into different Classes and series the rights attached to any such Class or
series may, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any Class or series, only be materially adversely
varied with the consent in writing of the holders of all of the issued Shares of that Class or series or with the sanction of an
Ordinary Resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that Class or series. To every such separate meeting
all the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings of the Company or to the proceedings thereat shall, mutatis mutandis,
apply, except that the necessary quorum shall be one or more Persons holding or representing by proxy at least one-third in nominal or
par value amount of the issued Shares of the relevant Class or series (but so that if at any adjourned meeting of such holders a
quorum as above defined is not present, those Shareholders who are present shall form a quorum) and that, subject to any rights or restrictions
for the time being attached to the Shares of that Class or series, every Shareholder of the Class or series shall on a poll
have one vote for each Share of the Class or series held by him. For the purposes of this Article the Directors may treat all
the Classes or series or any two or more Classes or series as forming one Class or series if they consider that all such Classes
or series would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate Classes
or series.

19. The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any Class or series issued with preferred or other rights shall not, subject
to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to the Shares of that Class or series, be deemed to be materially adversely
varied by, inter alia, the creation, allotment or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with or subsequent to them or the redemption
or purchase of any Shares of any Class or series by the Company. The rights of the holders of Shares shall not be deemed to be materially
adversely varied by the creation or issue of Class or series of Shares with preferred or other rights including, without limitation,
the creation of Class or series of Shares with enhanced or weighted voting rights.

CERTIFICATES

20. Every Person whose name is entered as a Member in the Register may, without payment and upon its written request, request a certificate
within two (2) calendar months after allotment or lodgement of transfer (or within such other period as the conditions of issue shall
provide) in the form determined by the Directors. All certificates shall specify the Share or Shares held by that Person, provided that
in respect of a Share or Shares held jointly by several persons the Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate, and
delivery of a certificate for a Share to one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all. All certificates for Shares
shall be delivered personally or sent through the post addressed to the Member entitled thereto at the Members registered address
as appearing in the Register.

21. Every share certificate of the Company shall bear legends required under the applicable laws, including the Securities Act.

22. Any two or more certificates representing Shares of any one Class or series held by any Member may at the Members request
be cancelled and a single new certificate for such Shares issued in lieu on payment (if the Directors shall so require) of one dollar
(US$1) or such smaller sum as the Directors shall determine.

23. If a share certificate shall be damaged or defaced or alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, a new certificate representing
the same Shares may be issued to the relevant Member upon request, subject to delivery up of the old certificate or (if alleged to have
been lost, stolen or destroyed) compliance with such conditions as to evidence and indemnity and the payment of out-of-pocket expenses
of the Company in connection with the request as the Directors may think fit.

24. In the event that Shares are held jointly by several persons, any request may be made by any one of the joint holders and if so made
shall be binding on all of the joint holders.

FRACTIONAL SHARES

25. The Directors may issue fractions of a Share and, if so issued, a fraction of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding
fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to nominal or par value, premium, contributions, calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences,
privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights (including, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, voting and participation
rights) and other attributes of a whole Share. If more than one fraction of a Share of the same Class or series is issued to or acquired
by the same Shareholder such fractions shall be accumulated.

LIEN

26. The Company has a first and paramount lien on every Share (whether or not fully paid) for all amounts (whether presently payable or
not) payable at a fixed time or called in respect of that Share. The Company also has a first and paramount lien on every Share registered
in the name of a Person indebted or under liability to the Company (whether he is the sole registered holder of a Share or one of two
or more joint holders) for all amounts owing by him or his estate to the Company (whether or not presently payable). The Directors may
at any time declare a Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The Companys lien on a Share extends
to any amount payable in respect of it, including but not limited to dividends.

27. The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors in their absolute discretion think fit, any Share on which the Company has a
lien, but no sale shall be made unless an amount in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable nor until the expiration of
fourteen (14) calendar days after a notice in writing, demanding payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists
as is presently payable, has been given to the registered holder for the time being of the Share, or the Persons entitled thereto by reason
of his death or bankruptcy.

28. For giving effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise a Person to transfer the Shares sold to the purchaser thereof. The
purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer and he shall not be bound to see to the application
of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference
to the sale.

29. The proceeds of the sale after deduction of expenses, fees and commission incurred by the Company shall be received by the Company
and applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue shall (subject
to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares prior to the sale) be paid to the Person entitled to the Shares
immediately prior to the sale.

CALLS ON SHARES

30. Subject to the terms of the allotment, the Directors may from time to time make calls upon the Shareholders in respect of any moneys
unpaid on their Shares, and each Shareholder shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen (14) calendar days notice specifying
the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on such Shares. A call shall be deemed
to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed.

31. The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay calls in respect thereof.

32. If a sum called in respect of a Share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof, the Person from whom the sum
is due shall pay interest upon the sum at the rate of eight percent per annum from the day appointed for the payment thereof to the time
of the actual payment, but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of that interest wholly or in part.

33. The provisions of these Articles as to the liability of joint holders and as to payment of interest shall apply in the case of non-payment
of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the amount of the Share, or
by way of premium, as if the same had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

34. The Directors may make arrangements with respect to the issue of partly paid Shares for a difference between the Shareholders, or
the particular Shares, in the amount of calls to be paid and in the times of payment.

35. The Directors may, if they think fit, receive from any Shareholder willing to advance the same all or any part of the moneys uncalled
and unpaid upon any partly paid Shares held by him, and upon all or any of the moneys so advanced may (until the same would, but for such
advance, become presently payable) pay interest at such rate (not exceeding without the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution, eight percent
per annum) as may be agreed upon between the Shareholder paying the sum in advance and the Directors. No such sum paid in advance of calls
shall entitle the Member paying such sum to any portion of a dividend declared in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such
sum would, but for such payment, become presently payable.

FORFEITURE OF SHARES

36. If a Shareholder fails to pay any call or instalment of a call in respect of partly paid Shares on the day appointed for payment,
the Directors may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of such call or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him
requiring payment of so much of the call or instalment as is unpaid, together with any interest which may have accrued.

37. The notice shall name a further day (not earlier than the expiration of fourteen (14) calendar days from the date of the notice) on
or before which the payment required by the notice is to be made, and shall state that in the event of non-payment at or before the time
appointed, the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

38. If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with, any Share in respect of which the notice has been given
may at any time thereafter, before the payment required by notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors to that
effect.

39. A forfeited Share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit, and at any time
before a sale or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit.

40. A Person whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Shareholder in respect of the forfeited Shares, but shall, notwithstanding,
remain liable to pay to the Company all moneys which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of the Shares
forfeited, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company receives payment in full of the amount unpaid on the Shares forfeited.

41. A certificate in writing under the hand of a Director that a Share has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the certificate shall
be conclusive evidence of the facts in the declaration as against all Persons claiming to be entitled to the Share.

42. The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for a Share on any sale or disposition thereof pursuant to the provisions
of these Articles as to forfeiture and may execute a transfer of the Share in favour of the Person to whom the Share is sold or disposed
of and that Person shall be registered as the holder of the Share and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money,
if any, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the disposition
or sale.

43. The provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which by the terms of issue of
a Share becomes due and payable, whether on account of the amount of the Share, or by way of premium, as if the same had been payable
by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

TRANSFER OF SHARES

44. The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing and in any usual or common form or such other form as the Directors may,
in their absolute discretion, approve and be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and if in respect of a nil or partly paid up Share,
or if so required by the Directors, shall also be executed on behalf of the transferee and shall be accompanied by the certificate (if
any) of the Shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor
to make the transfer. The transferor shall be deemed to remain a Shareholder until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register
in respect of the relevant Shares.

45. (a) The Directors may in their absolute discretion decline to register any transfer of Shares which is not fully paid up or on
which the Company has a lien.

(b) The Directors may also decline to register any transfer of any Share unless:

(i) the instrument of transfer is lodged with the Company, accompanied by the certificate for the Shares to which it relates and such
other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer;

(ii) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one Class or series of Shares;

(iii) the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;

(iv) in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the Share is to be transferred does not exceed four;
and

(v) a fee of such maximum sum as the Designated Stock Exchange may determine to be payable, or such lesser sum as the Board of Directors
may from time to time require, is paid to the Company in respect thereof.

46. The registration of transfers may, on ten (10) calendar days notice being given by advertisement in such one or more newspapers,
by electronic means or by any other means in accordance with the Designated Stock Exchange Rules, be suspended and the Register closed
at such times and for such periods as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, from time to time determine, provided always that
such registration of transfer shall not be suspended nor the Register closed for more than thirty (30) calendar days in any calendar year.

47. All instruments of transfer that are registered shall be retained by the Company. If the Directors refuse to register a transfer of
any Shares, they shall within three (3) calendar months after the date on which the transfer was lodged with the Company send notice
of the refusal to each of the transferor and the transferee.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

48. The legal personal representative of a deceased sole holder of a Share shall be the only Person recognised by the Company as having
any title to the Share. In the case of a Share registered in the name of two or more holders, the survivors or survivor, or the legal
personal representatives of the deceased survivor, shall be the only Person recognised by the Company as having any title to the Share.

49. Any Person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder shall, upon such evidence being
produced as may from time to time be required by the Directors, have the right either to be registered as a Shareholder in respect of
the Share or, instead of being registered himself, to make such transfer of the Share as the deceased or bankrupt Person could have made;
but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of
a transfer of the Share by the deceased or bankrupt Person before the death or bankruptcy.

50. A Person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder shall be entitled to the same dividends
and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered Shareholder, except that he shall not, before being registered
as a Shareholder in respect of the Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings
of the Company, provided however, that the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered
himself or to transfer the Share, and if the notice is not complied with within ninety (90) calendar days, the Directors may thereafter
withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been
complied with.

REGISTRATION OF EMPOWERING INSTRUMENTS

51. The Company shall be entitled to charge a fee not exceeding one dollar (US$1.00) on the registration of every probate, letters of
administration, certificate of death or marriage, power of attorney, notice in lieu of distringas, or other instrument.

ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL

52. The Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase the share capital by such sum, to be divided into Shares of such
Classes or series and amount, as the resolution shall prescribe.

53. (1) The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share capital by new Shares of such amount as it thinks expedient;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of a larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) subdivide its Shares, or any of them, into Shares of an amount smaller than that fixed by the Memorandum, provided that in the subdivision
the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall be the same as it was in case of the
Share from which the reduced Share is derived; and

(d) cancel any Shares that, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any Person and
diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

(2)No
alteration may be made pursuant to Article 53(1) or otherwise to the nominal or par value of the Class A Ordinary Shares,
the Class B Ordinary Shares or the Non-Voting Preferred Shares unless an identical alteration is made to the nominal or par value
of the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Class B Ordinary Shares or the Non-Voting Preferred Shares, as the case may be.

54. The Company may by Special Resolution reduce its share capital and any capital redemption reserve in any manner authorised by law.

REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES

55. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and these Articles, the Company may:

(a) issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Shareholder or the Company. The redemption
of Shares shall be effected in such manner and upon such terms as may be determined, before the issue of such Shares, by either the Board
or by the Shareholders by Special Resolution;

(b) purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) on such terms and in such manner and terms as have been approved by the
Board or by the Members by Ordinary Resolution, or are otherwise authorised by these Articles; and

(c) make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Companies Act, including
out of capital.

56. The purchase of any Share shall not oblige the Company to purchase any other Share other than as may be required pursuant to applicable
law and any other contractual obligations of the Company.

57. The holder of the Shares being purchased shall be bound to deliver up to the Company the certificate(s) (if any) thereof for
cancellation and thereupon the Company shall pay to him the purchase or redemption monies or consideration in respect thereof.

58. The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

TREASURY SHARES

59. The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury
Share.

60. The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including,
without limitation, for nil consideration).

GENERAL MEETINGS

61. All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings.

62. (a) The Company may but shall not be obliged to hold a general meeting in each calendar year as its annual general meeting. The
Company shall specify an annual general meeting as such in the notices calling the meeting. All general meetings (including an annual
general meeting, any adjourned general meeting or postponed meeting) may be held as a physical meeting at such times and in any part of
the world and at one or more locations as provided in Article 76, as a hybrid meeting or as an electronic meeting, as may be determined
by the Board in its absolute discretion.

(b) At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

63. (a) The Chairman of the Board or the Directors, acting by a resolution of the Board, may call general meetings, and they shall
on a Shareholders requisition forthwith proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

(b) A Shareholders requisition is a requisition of Members holding at the date of deposit of the requisition Shares which carry
in aggregate not less than one-third (1/3) of all votes attaching to all issued and outstanding Shares of the Company that as at the date
of the deposit carry the right to vote at general meetings of the Company.

(c) The requisition must state the objects of the meeting and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the Registered Office,
and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists.

(d) If there are no Directors as at the date of the deposit of the Shareholders requisition, or if the Directors do not within
twenty-one (21) calendar days from the date of the deposit of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within
a further twenty-one (21) calendar days, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one-half (1/2) of the total voting
rights of all of them, may themselves convene a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of
three (3) calendar months after the expiration of the said twenty-one (21) calendar days.

(e) A general meeting convened as aforesaid by requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which
general meetings are to be convened by Directors.

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS

64. (1) At least seven (7) calendar days notice shall be given for any general meeting. Every notice shall be exclusive
of the day on which it is given or deemed to be given and of the day for which it is given and shall be given in the manner hereinafter
mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether
or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of these Articles regarding general
meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all the Shareholders (or their proxies) entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority of the Shareholders having a right to attend and vote at the meeting,
present in person or by proxy or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy.

(c) The notice for any general meeting shall specify the time and date of the meeting and, save for an electronic meeting, the place of
the meeting and if there is more than one meeting location as determined by the Board pursuant to Article 76, the principal place
of the meeting (the Principal Meeting Place). If the general meeting is to be a hybrid meeting or an electronic meeting,
the Notice shall state the form of the general meeting and include details of the electronic facilities for attendance and participation
by electronic means at the meeting or where such details will be made available by the Company prior to the meeting. The notice shall
state the general nature of the business to be discussed at the meeting. Notice of every general meeting shall be given to all Members
other than to such Members as, under the provisions of these Articles or the terms of issue of the shares they hold, are not entitled
to receive such notices from the Company.

65. The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to or the non-receipt of a notice of a meeting by any Shareholder shall not invalidate
the proceedings at any meeting.

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

66. No business except for the appointment of a Chairman for the meeting shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of
Shareholders is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. One or more Shareholders holding Shares which carry in aggregate
(or representing by proxy) not less than one-third (1/3) of all votes attaching to all Shares in issue and entitled to vote at such general
meeting, present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative, shall
be a quorum for all purposes; provided, that the presence in person or by proxy of holders of a majority of Class B Ordinary Shares
shall be required in any event.

67. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting shall be dissolved.

68. If the Directors wish to make this facility available for a specific general meeting or all general meetings of the Company, participation
in any general meeting of the Company may be by means of a telephone or similar communication equipment by way of which all Persons participating
in such meeting can communicate with each other and such participation shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting.

69. The Chairman of the Board, if any, shall preside as chairman at every general meeting of the Company. The Chairman of the Board (if
any) or, if there is more than one Chairman of the Board present, any one of them as may be agreed amongst themselves or failing such
agreement, any one of them elected by simple majority of all the Directors present or, if such Chairman of the Board is or are absent
or declines to take the chair at such meeting, the deputy chairman or vice chairman (if any) shall take the chair at every general meeting.

70. If there be no such Chairman of the Board or deputy or vice chairman, or, if at any general meeting none of such Chairman of the Board
or deputy or vice chairman is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding such meeting, or all such persons decline
to take the chair at such meeting, the Directors present shall choose one of their number as Chairman of the meeting, and if no Director
be present or if all the Directors present decline to take the chair or if the Chairman of the meeting chosen shall retire from the chair,
then the Members present shall choose one of their number to be Chairman of the meeting. For the avoidance of doubt, only one person shall
take the chair of any general meeting.

71. The Chairman of the meeting may with the consent of any general meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by
the meeting) adjourn a meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a meeting, or adjourned meeting, is
adjourned for fourteen (14) calendar days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting.
Save as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.

72. The Directors may cancel or postpone any duly convened general meeting at any time prior to such meeting, except for general meetings
requisitioned by the Shareholders in accordance with these Articles, for any reason or for no reason, upon notice in writing to Shareholders.
A postponement may be for a stated period of any length or indefinitely as the Directors may determine.

73. At any general meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided by way of a poll and not on a show of hands.

74. A poll shall be taken in such manner as the Chairman of the meeting directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the
resolution of the meeting.

75. All questions submitted to a meeting shall be decided by an Ordinary Resolution except where a greater majority is required by these
Articles or by the Companies Act. In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the Chairman of the meeting
at which the show of hands takes place or at which the poll is demanded, shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

76. (1) The Board may, at its absolute discretion, arrange for persons entitled to attend a general meeting to do so by simultaneous
attendance and participation by means of electronic facilities at such location or locations (Meeting Location(s))
determined by the Board at its absolute discretion. Any Member or any proxy attending and participating in such way or any Member or proxy
attending and participating in an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting by means of electronic facilities is deemed to be present at
and shall be counted in the quorum of the meeting.

(2)All
general meetings are subject to the following and, where appropriate, all references to a Member or Members
in this sub-paragraph (2) shall include a proxy or proxies respectively:

(a)where
a Member is attending a Meeting Location and/or in the case of a hybrid meeting, the meeting shall be treated as having commenced if it
has commenced at the Principal Meeting Place;

(b)Members
present in person or by proxy at a Meeting Location and/or Members attending and participating in an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting
by means of electronic facilities shall be counted in the quorum for and entitled to vote at the meeting in question, and that meeting
shall be duly constituted and its proceedings valid provided that the Chairman of the meeting is satisfied that adequate electronic facilities
are available throughout the meeting to ensure that Members at all Meeting Locations and Members participating in an electronic meeting
or a hybrid meeting by means of electronic facilities are able to participate in the business for which the meeting has been convened;

(c)where
Members attend a meeting by being present at one of the Meeting Locations and/or where Members are participating in an electronic meeting
or a hybrid meeting by means of electronic facilities, a failure (for any reason) of the electronic facilities or communication equipment,
or any other failure in the arrangements for enabling those in a Meeting Location other than the Principal Meeting Place to participate
in the business for which the meeting has been convened or in the case of an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting, the inability of
one or more Members or proxies to access, or continue to access, the electronic facilities despite adequate electronic facilities having
been made available by the Company, shall not affect the validity of the meeting or the resolutions passed, or any business conducted
there or any action taken pursuant to such business provided that there is a quorum present throughout the meeting.

(d)if
any of the Meeting Locations is not in the same jurisdiction as the Principal Meeting Place and/or in the case of a hybrid meeting, the
provisions of these Articles concerning the service and giving of Notice for the meeting, and the time for lodging proxies, shall apply
by reference to the Principal Meeting Place; and in the case of an electronic meeting, the time for lodging proxies shall be as stated
in the Notice for the meeting.

76A.The
Board and, at any general meeting, the Chairman of the meeting may from time to time make arrangements for managing attendance and/or
participation and/or voting at the Principal Meeting Place, any Meeting Location(s) and/or participation in an electronic meeting
or a hybrid meeting by means of electronic facilities (whether involving the issue of tickets or some other means of identification, passcode,
seat reservation, electronic voting or otherwise) as it shall in its absolute discretion consider appropriate, and may from time to time
change any such arrangements, provided that a Member who, pursuant to such arrangements, is not entitled to attend, in person or by proxy,
at any Meeting Location shall be entitled so to attend at one of the other Meeting Locations; and the entitlement of any Member so to
attend the meeting or adjourned meeting or postponed meeting at such Meeting Location or Meeting Locations shall be subject to any such
arrangement as may be for the time being in force and by the Notice of meeting or adjourned meeting or postponed meeting stated to apply
to the meeting.

76B.If
it appears to the Chairman of the meeting that:

(a)the
electronic facilities at the Principal Meeting Place or at such other Meeting Location(s) at which the meeting may be attended have
become inadequate for the purposes referred to in Article 76(1) or are otherwise not sufficient to allow the meeting to be conducted
substantially in accordance with the provisions set out in the Notice of the meeting; or

(b)in
the case of an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting, electronic facilities being made available by the Company have become inadequate;
or

(c)it
is not possible to ascertain the view of those present or to give all persons entitled to do so a reasonable opportunity to communicate
and/or vote at the meeting; or

(d)there
is violence or the threat of violence, unruly behaviour or other disruption occurring at the meeting or it is not possible to secure the
proper and orderly conduct of the meeting;

then, without prejudice to any other power which the Chairman
of the meeting may have under these Articles or at common law, the Chairman of the meeting may, at his absolute discretion, without the
consent of the meeting, and before or after the meeting has started and irrespective of whether a quorum is present, interrupt or adjourn
the meeting (including adjournment for indefinite period). All business conducted at the meeting up to the time of such adjournment shall
be valid.

76C.The
Board and, at any general meeting, the Chairman of the meeting may make any arrangement and impose any requirement or restriction the
Board or the Chairman of the meeting, as the case may be, considers appropriate to ensure the security and orderly conduct of a meeting
(including, without limitation, requirements for evidence of identity to be produced by those attending the meeting, the searching of
their personal property and the restriction of items that may be taken into the meeting place, determining the number and frequency of
and the time allowed for questions that may be raised at a meeting). Members shall also comply with all requirements or restrictions imposed
by the owner of the premises at which the meeting is held. Any decision made under this Article shall be final and conclusive and
a person who refuses to comply with any such arrangements, requirements or restrictions may be refused entry to the meeting or ejected
(physically or electronically) from the meeting.

76D.If,
after the sending of Notice of a general meeting but before the meeting is held, or after the adjournment of a meeting but before the
adjourned meeting is held (whether or not Notice of the adjourned meeting is required), the Board, in its absolute discretion, consider
that it is inappropriate, impracticable, unreasonable or undesirable for any reason to hold the general meeting on the date or at the
time or place or by means of electronic facilities specified in the Notice calling the meeting, the Board may change or postpone the meeting
to another date, time and/or place and/or change the electronic facilities and/or change the form of the meeting (a physical meeting,
an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting) without approval from the Members. This Article shall be subject to the following:

(a)when
only the form of the meeting or electronic facilities specified in the Notice are changed, the Board shall notify the Members of details
of such change in such manner as the Board may determine;

(b)when
a meeting is postponed or changed in accordance with this Article, subject to and without prejudice to Article 76, unless already
specified in the original Notice of the meeting, the Board shall fix the date, time, place (if applicable) and electronic facilities (if
applicable) for the postponed or changed meeting and shall notify the Members of such details in such manner as the Board may determine;
further, all proxy forms shall be valid (unless revoked or replaced by a new proxy) if they are received as required by these Articles
not less than 48 hours before the time of the postponed meeting; and

(c)Notice
of the business to be transacted at the postponed or changed meeting shall not be required, nor shall any accompanying documents be required
to be recirculated, if the business to be transacted at the postponed or changed meeting is the same as that set out in the original notice
of general meeting circulated to the Members.

76E.All
persons seeking to attend and participate in an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting shall be responsible for maintaining adequate facilities
to enable them to do so. Subject to Article 76B, any inability of a person or persons to attend or participate in a general meeting
by way of electronic facilities shall not invalidate the proceedings of and/or resolutions passed at that meeting.

VOTES OF SHAREHOLDERS

77. Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Share, on a show of hands every Shareholder present in person
or by proxy (or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy) shall, at a general meeting
of the Company, each have one vote and on a poll every Shareholder present in person or by proxy (or, if a corporation or other non-natural
person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy) shall have one (1) vote for each Class A Ordinary Share of which he
is the holder and [twenty] ([20]) votes for each Class B Ordinary Share of which he is the holder.

78. In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior who tenders a vote whether in person or by proxy (or, if a corporation or other
non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy) shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint
holders and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register.

79. Shares carrying the right to vote that are held by a Shareholder of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by
any court having jurisdiction in lunacy, may be voted, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee, or other Person in the
nature of a committee appointed by that court, and any such committee or other Person may vote in respect of such Shares by proxy.

80. No Shareholder shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting of the Company unless all calls, if any, or other sums presently payable
by him in respect of Shares carrying the right to vote held by him have been paid.

81. On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy.

82. Each Shareholder, other than a recognised clearing house (or its nominee(s)) or depositary (or its nominee(s)), may only appoint one
proxy on a show of hand. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly
authorised in writing or, if the appointor is a corporation, either under Seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
A proxy need not be a Shareholder.

83. An instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form or such other form as the Directors may approve.

84. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited at the Registered Office or at such other place as is specified for that purpose
in the notice convening the meeting, or in any instrument of proxy sent out by the Company:

(a) not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the
instrument proposes to vote; or

(b) in the case of a poll taken more than forty-eight (48) hours after it is demanded, be deposited as aforesaid after the poll has been
demanded and not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; or

(c) where the poll is not taken forthwith but is taken not more than forty-eight (48) hours after it was demanded be delivered at the
meeting at which the poll was demanded to the Chairman of the meeting or to the secretary or to any director;

provided that the Directors may in the notice convening the
meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, direct that the instrument appointing a proxy may be deposited at such
other time (no later than the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting) at the Registered Office or at such other place as is
specified for that purpose in the notice convening the meeting, or in any instrument of proxy sent out by the Company. The Chairman of
the meeting may in any event at his discretion direct that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument
of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted shall be invalid.

85. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to demand or join in demanding a poll.

86. A resolution in writing signed by all the Shareholders for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at
general meetings of the Company (or being corporations by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if
the same had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

CORPORATIONS ACTING BY REPRESENTATIVES AT MEETINGS

87. Any corporation which is a Shareholder or a Director may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such Person
as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any meeting of holders of a Class or series of
Shares or of the Directors or of a committee of Directors, and the Person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers
on behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could exercise if it were an individual Shareholder or Director.

DEPOSITARY AND CLEARING HOUSES

88. If a recognised clearing house (or its nominee(s)) or depositary (or its nominee(s)) is a Member of the Company it may, by resolution
of its directors or other governing body or by power of attorney, authorise such Person(s) as it thinks fit to act as its representative(s) at
any general meeting of the Company or of any Class or series of Shareholders provided that, if more than one Person is so authorised,
the authorisation shall specify the number and Class or series of Shares in respect of which each such Person is so authorised. A
Person so authorised pursuant to this Article shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the recognised clearing
house (or its nominee(s)) or depositary (or its nominee(s)) which he represents as that recognised clearing house (or its nominee(s))
or depositary (or its nominee(s)) could exercise if it were an individual Member holding the number and Class or series of Shares
specified in such authorisation, including the right to vote individually on a show of hands.

DIRECTORS

89. (a) Unless otherwise determined by the Company in general meeting, the number of Directors shall not be less than three (3) Directors,
the exact number of Directors to be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors, including not less than two Independent Directors,
all of whom should meet the director qualification and eligibility criteria of applicable laws and the applicable Designated Stock Exchange
Rules.

(b) The Directors may from time to time elect or otherwise appoint one or more of them to the office of Chairman of the Board and another
to be the deputy or vice chairman (or two or more deputy or vice chairman) of the Board and determine the period for which each of them
is to hold office. The Chairman of the Board, or if there is more than one Chairman of the Board present, any one of them as may be agreed
amongst themselves or failing such agreement, any one elected by simple majority of all the Directors present, shall preside as chairman
at a meeting of the Board, or if such Chairman of the Board is or are absent or declines to take the chair at a meeting of the Board,
the deputy or vice chairman (if any) shall preside as chairman at such meeting of the Board, but if no such Chairman of the Board or deputy
or vice chairman be elected or appointed, or if at any meeting of the Board none of the Chairman of the Board or deputy or vice chairman
is present or all such persons decline to take the chair of such meeting of the Board within five minutes after the time appointed for
holding the same, the Directors present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of such meeting. All the provisions of Article 98
shall mutatis mutandis apply to any Directors elected or otherwise appointed to any office in accordance with the provisions of this Article.
For the avoidance of doubt, only one person shall take the chair of any meeting of the Board.

(c) Whenever there is for the time being more than one Director elected or appointed as Chairman of the Board, they shall together be
the Co- Chairmen of the Board and each of them shall be referred to as Co-Chairman of the Board and entitled
to discharge separately all the functions and duties of the position to which he is appointed, and references in these Articles to the
Chairman of the Board shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be to each of the Directors for the time being elected
or appointed to that position.

(d) The Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director.

(e) The Board may, by the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the remaining Directors present and voting at a Board meeting, appoint
any person as a Director, to fill a vacancy on the Board arising from the office of any Director being vacated in any of the circumstances
described in Article 110, or as an addition to the existing Board.

(f) An appointment of a Director may be on terms that the Director shall automatically retire from office (unless he has sooner vacated
office) at the next or a subsequent annual general meeting or upon any specified event or after any specified period in a written agreement
between the Company and the Director, if any; but no such term shall be implied in the absence of express provision. Each Director whose
term of office expires shall be eligible for re-election at a meeting of the Shareholders or re-appointment by the Board.

90. A Director may be removed from office by Ordinary Resolution of the Company, notwithstanding anything in these Articles or in any
agreement between the Company and such Director (but without prejudice to any claim for damages under such agreement). A vacancy on the
Board created by the removal of a Director under the previous sentence may be filled by Ordinary Resolution or by the affirmative vote
of a simple majority of the remaining Directors present and voting at a Board meeting.

91. The Board may, from time to time, and except as required by applicable law or Designated Stock Exchange Rules, adopt, institute, amend,
modify or revoke the corporate governance policies or initiatives of the Company and determine on various corporate governance related
matters of the Company as the Board shall determine by resolution of Directors from time to time.

92. A Director shall not be required to hold any Shares in the Company by way of qualification. A Director who is not a Member of the
Company shall nevertheless be entitled to attend and speak at general meetings.

93. The remuneration of the Directors may be determined by the Directors or by Ordinary Resolution.

94. The Directors shall be entitled to be paid for their travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in going to, attending
and returning from meetings of the Directors, or any committee of the Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or otherwise in connection
with the business of the Company, or to receive such fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors from time
to time, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

ALTERNATE DIRECTOR OR PROXY

95. Any Director may in writing appoint another Person to be his alternate and, save to the extent provided otherwise in the form of appointment,
such alternate shall have authority to sign written resolutions on behalf of the appointing Director, but shall not be required to sign
such written resolutions where they have been signed by the appointing director, and to act in such Directors place at any meeting
of the Directors at which the appointing Director is unable to be present. Every such alternate shall be entitled to attend and vote at
meetings of the Directors as a Director when the Director appointing him is not personally present and where he is a Director to have
a separate vote on behalf of the Director he is representing in addition to his own vote. A Director may at any time in writing revoke
the appointment of an alternate appointed by him. Such alternate shall be deemed for all purposes to be a Director and shall not be deemed
to be the agent of the Director appointing him. The remuneration of such alternate shall be payable out of the remuneration of the Director
appointing him and the proportion thereof shall be agreed between them.

96. Any Director may appoint any Person, whether or not a Director, to be the proxy of that Director to attend and vote on his behalf,
in accordance with instructions given by that Director, or in the absence of such instructions at the discretion of the proxy, at a meeting
or meetings of the Directors which that Director is unable to attend personally. The instrument appointing the proxy shall be in writing
under the hand of the appointing Director and shall be in any usual or common form or such other form as the Directors may approve, and
must be lodged with the Chairman of the meeting of the Directors at which such proxy is to be used, or first used, prior to the commencement
of the meeting.

POWERS AND DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

97. Subject to the Companies Act, these Articles and any resolutions passed in a general meeting, the business of the Company shall be
managed by the Directors, who may pay all expenses incurred in setting up and registering the Company and may exercise all powers of the
Company. No resolution passed by the Company in general meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors that would have been valid
if that resolution had not been passed.

98. Subject to these Articles, the Directors may from time to time appoint any natural person or corporation, whether or not a Director
to hold such office in the Company as the Directors may think necessary for the administration of the Company, including but not limited
to, chief executive officer, one or more other executive officers, president, one or more vice-presidents, treasurer, assistant treasurer,
manager or controller, and for such term and at such remuneration (whether by way of salary or commission or participation in profits
or partly in one way and partly in another), and with such powers and duties as the Directors may think fit. Any natural person or corporation
so appointed by the Directors may be removed by the Directors. The Directors may also appoint one or more of their number to the office
of managing director upon like terms, but any such appointment shall ipso facto terminate if any managing director ceases for any cause
to be a Director, or if the Company by Ordinary Resolution resolves that his tenure of office be terminated.

99. The Directors may appoint any natural person or corporation to be a Secretary (and if need be an assistant Secretary or assistant
Secretaries) who shall hold office for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions and with such powers as they think fit.
Any Secretary or assistant Secretary so appointed by the Directors may be removed by the Directors or by the Company by Ordinary Resolution.

100. The Directors may delegate any of their powers to committees consisting of such member or members of their body as they think fit;
any committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Directors.

101. The Directors may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney (whether under Seal or under hand) or otherwise appoint any
company, firm or Person or body of Persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or attorneys
or authorised signatory (any such person being an Attorney or Authorised Signatory, respectively) of the Company
for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretion (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under
these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such power of attorney or other appointment
may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of Persons dealing with any such Attorney or Authorised Signatory as the
Directors may think fit, and may also authorise any such Attorney or Authorised Signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities
and discretion vested in him.

102. The Directors may from time to time provide for the management of the affairs of the Company in such manner as they shall think fit
and the provisions contained in the three next following Articles shall not limit the general powers conferred by this Article.

103. The Directors from time to time and at any time may establish any committees, local boards or agencies for managing any of the affairs
of the Company and may appoint any natural person or corporation to be a member of such committees or local boards and may appoint any
managers or agents of the Company and may fix the remuneration of any such natural person or corporation.

104. The Directors from time to time and at any time may delegate to any such committee, local board, manager or agent any of the powers,
authorities and discretions for the time being vested in the Directors and may authorise the members for the time being of any such local
board, or any of them to fill any vacancies therein and to act notwithstanding vacancies and any such appointment or delegation may be
made on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Directors may think fit and the Directors may at any time remove any natural
person or corporation so appointed and may annul or vary any such delegation, but no Person dealing in good faith and without notice of
any such annulment or variation shall be affected thereby.

105. Any such delegates as aforesaid may be authorised by the Directors to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities, and discretion
for the time being vested in them.

BORROWING POWERS OF DIRECTORS

106. The Directors may from time to time at their discretion exercise all the powers of the Company to raise or borrow money and to mortgage
or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof, to issue debentures, debenture
stock, bonds and other securities, whether outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or
of any third party.

THE SEAL

107. The Seal shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Directors provided always that such
authority may be given prior to or after the affixing of the Seal and if given after may be in general form confirming a number of affixings
of the Seal. The Seal shall be affixed in the presence of a Director or a Secretary (or an assistant Secretary) or in the presence of
any one or more Persons as the Directors may appoint for the purpose and every Person as aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which
the Seal is so affixed in their presence.

108. The Company may maintain a facsimile of the Seal in such countries or places as the Directors may appoint and such facsimile Seal
shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Directors provided always that such authority may
be given prior to or after the affixing of such facsimile Seal and if given after may be in general form confirming a number of affixings
of such facsimile Seal. The facsimile Seal shall be affixed in the presence of such Person or Persons as the Directors shall for this
purpose appoint and such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which the facsimile Seal is so affixed in their
presence and such affixing of the facsimile Seal and signing as aforesaid shall have the same meaning and effect as if the Seal had been
affixed in the presence of and the instrument signed by a Director or a Secretary (or an assistant Secretary) or in the presence of any
one or more Persons as the Directors may appoint for the purpose.

109. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Secretary or any assistant Secretary shall have the authority to affix the Seal, or the facsimile
Seal, to any instrument for the purposes of attesting authenticity of the matter contained therein but which does not create any obligation
binding on the Company.

DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

110. The office of Director shall be vacated, if the Director:

(a) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors;

(b) dies or is found to be or becomes of unsound mind;

(c) resigns his office by notice in writing to the Company;

(d) without leave of absence from the Board, is absent from meetings of the Board for three (3) consecutive meetings and the Board
resolves that his office be vacated; or

(e) is removed from office pursuant to any other provision of these Articles.

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS

111. The Directors may meet together, either in or outside the Cayman Islands, for the despatch of business, adjourn, and otherwise regulate
their meetings and proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. At any meeting
of the Directors, each Director present in person or represented by his proxy or alternate shall be entitled to one (1) vote. In
case of an equality of votes the Chairman of the Board shall have a second or casting vote. A Director may, and a Secretary or assistant
Secretary on the requisition of a Director shall, at any time summon a meeting of the Directors.

112. A Director may participate in any meeting of the Directors, or of any committee appointed by the Directors of which such Director
is a member, by means of telephone or similar communication equipment by way of which all Persons participating in such meeting can communicate
with each other and such participation shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting.

113. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Board may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed, the quorum
shall be a majority of Directors then in office, including the Chairman of the Board; provided, that a quorum shall nevertheless exist
at a meeting at which a quorum would exist but for the fact that the Chairman of the Board is voluntarily absent from the meeting and
notifies the Board of his decision to be absent from that meeting, before or at the meeting. A Director represented by proxy or by an
alternate Director at any meeting shall be deemed to be present for the purposes of determining whether or not a quorum is present.

114. A Director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction
with the Company shall declare the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Directors. A general notice given to the Directors by any
Director to the effect that he is a member of any specified company or firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract or transaction
which may thereafter be made with that company or firm shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of interest in regard to any contract
so made or transaction so consummated. Subject to the Designated Stock Exchange Rules and disqualification by the Chairman of the
meeting of the Directors, a Director may vote in respect of any contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction notwithstanding
that he may be interested therein and if he does so his vote shall be counted and he may be counted in the quorum at any meeting of the
Directors at which any such contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction shall come before the meeting for consideration.

115. A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of auditor) in conjunction with his
office of Director for such period and on such terms (as to remuneration and otherwise) as the Directors may determine and no Director
or intending Director shall be disqualified by his office from contracting with the Company either with regard to his tenure of any such
other office or place of profit or as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or arrangement entered into by or on
behalf of the Company in which any Director is in any way interested be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or
being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by any such contract or arrangement by reason of such
Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relation thereby established. A Director, notwithstanding his interest, may be counted
in the quorum present at any meeting of the Directors whereat he or any other Director is appointed to hold any such office or place of
profit under the Company or whereat the terms of any such appointment are arranged and he may vote on any such appointment or arrangement.

116. Any Director may act by himself or through his firm in a professional capacity for the Company, and he or his firm shall be entitled
to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director; provided that nothing herein contained shall authorise a Director
or his firm to act as auditor to the Company.

117. The Directors shall cause minutes to be made for the purpose of recording:

(a) all appointments of officers made by the Directors;

(b) the names of the Directors present at each meeting of the Directors and of any committee of the Directors; and

(c) all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the Company, and of the Directors and of committees of Directors.

118. When the Chairman of the meeting of the Directors signs the minutes of such meeting the same shall be deemed to have been duly held
notwithstanding that all the Directors have not actually come together or that there may have been a technical defect in the proceedings.

119. A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of Directors entitled to receive notice of a
meeting of Directors or committee of Directors, as the case may be (an alternate Director, subject as provided otherwise in the terms
of appointment of the alternate Director, being entitled to sign such a resolution on behalf of his appointer), shall be as valid and
effectual as if it had been passed at a duly called and constituted meeting of Directors or committee of Directors, as the case may be.
When signed a resolution may consist of several documents each signed by one or more of the Directors or his duly appointed alternate.

120. The continuing Directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body but if and for so long as their number is reduced below
the number fixed by or pursuant to these Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors, the continuing Directors may act for the purpose
of increasing the number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

121. Subject to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors, a committee appointed by the Directors may elect a chairman of its meetings.
If no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding
the meeting, the committee members present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

122. A committee appointed by the Directors may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. Subject to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors,
questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes of the committee members present and in case of an equality
of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

123. All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of Directors, or by any Person acting as a Director, shall notwithstanding
that it be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any such Director or Person acting as aforesaid, or
that they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every such Person had been duly appointed and was qualified to be a Director.

PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT

124. A Director who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which an action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed
to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written
dissent from such action with the person acting as the Chairman of the meeting or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof
or shall forward such dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent
shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action.

DIVIDENDS

125. Subject to the Act, these Articles (including but without limitation, Article 17A) and any rights and restrictions for the time
being attached to any Shares, the Directors may from time to time declare dividends (including interim dividends) and other distributions
on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the same out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor.

126. Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Shares, the Company by Ordinary Resolution may declare dividends,
but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the Directors.

127. The Directors may, before recommending or declaring any dividend, set aside out of the funds legally available for distribution such
sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, in the absolute discretion of the Directors, be applicable for meeting
contingencies or for equalising dividends or for any other purpose to which those funds may be properly applied, and pending such application
may in the absolute discretion of the Directors, either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested in such investments
(other than Shares of the Company) as the Directors may from time to time think fit.

128. Any dividend payable in cash to the holder of Shares may be paid in any manner determined by the Directors. If paid by cheque it will
be sent by mail addressed to the holder at his address in the Register, or addressed to such person and at such addresses as the holder
may direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall, unless the holder or joint holders otherwise direct, be made payable to the order of the
holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the order of the holder whose name stands first on the Register in respect of such Shares,
and shall be sent at his or their risk and payment of the cheque or warrant by the bank on which it is drawn shall constitute a good discharge
to the Company.

129. The Directors may determine that a dividend shall be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets (which may consist
of the shares or securities of any other company) and may settle all questions concerning such distribution. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Directors may fix the value of such specific assets, may determine that cash payment shall be made to some Shareholders
in lieu of specific assets and may vest any such specific assets in trustees on such terms as the Directors think fit.

130. Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any Shares, all dividends shall be declared and paid according
to the amounts paid up on the Shares, but if and for so long as nothing is paid up on any of the Shares dividends may be declared and
paid according to the par value of the Shares. No amount paid on a Share in advance of calls shall, while carrying interest, be treated
for the purposes of this Article as paid on the Share.

131. If several Persons are registered as joint holders of any Share, any of them may give effective receipts for any dividend or other
moneys payable on or in respect of the Share.

132. No dividend shall bear interest against the Company.

133. Any dividend unclaimed after a period of six (6) calendar years from the date of declaration of such dividend may be forfeited
by the Board of Directors and, if so forfeited, shall revert to the Company.

ACCOUNTS, AUDIT AND ANNUAL RETURN AND DECLARATION

134. The books of account relating to the Companys affairs shall be kept in such manner as may be determined from time to time by
the Directors.

135. The books of account shall be kept at the Registered Office, or at such other place or places as the Directors think fit, and shall
always be open to the inspection of the Directors.

136. The Directors may from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or
regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Shareholders not being Directors,
and no Shareholder (not being a Director) shall have any right to inspect any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred
by law or authorised by the Directors or by Ordinary Resolution.

137. The accounts relating to the Companys affairs shall be audited in such manner and with such financial year end as may be determined
from time to time by the Directors or failing any determination as aforesaid shall not be audited.

138. The Directors may appoint an auditor of the Company who shall hold office until removed from office by a resolution of the Directors
and may fix his or their remuneration.

139. Every auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall
be entitled to require from the Directors and officers of the Company such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance
of the duties of the auditors.

140. The auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at
the next annual general meeting following their appointment, and at any time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors
or any general meeting of the Members.

141. The Directors in each calendar year shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, an annual return and declaration setting forth the particulars
required by the Companies Act and deliver a copy thereof to the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands.

CAPITALISATION OF RESERVES

142. Subject to the Companies Act, the Directors may:

(a) resolve to capitalise an amount standing to the credit of reserves (including a Share Premium Account, capital redemption reserve
and profit and loss account), which is available for distribution;

(b) appropriate the sum resolved to be capitalised to the Shareholders in proportion to the nominal amount of Shares (whether or not fully
paid) held by them respectively and apply that sum on their behalf in or towards:

(i) paying up the amounts (if any) for the time being unpaid on Shares held by them respectively, or

(ii) paying up in full unissued Shares or debentures of a nominal amount equal to that sum,

and allot the Shares or debentures, credited as fully paid,
to the Shareholders (or as they may direct) in those proportions, or partly in one way and partly in the other, but the Share Premium
Account, the capital redemption reserve and profits which are not available for distribution may, for the purposes of this Article, only
be applied in paying up unissued Shares to be allotted to Shareholders credited as fully paid;

(c) make any arrangements they think fit to resolve a difficulty arising in the distribution of a capitalised reserve and in particular,
without limitation, where Shares or debentures become distributable in fractions the Directors may deal with the fractions as they think
fit;

(d) authorise a Person to enter (on behalf of all the Shareholders concerned) into an agreement with the Company providing for either:

(i) the allotment to the Shareholders respectively, credited as fully paid, of Shares or debentures to which they may be entitled on the
capitalisation, or

(ii) the payment by the Company on behalf of the Shareholders (by the application of their respective proportions of the reserves resolved
to be capitalised) of the amounts or part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing Shares,

and any such agreement made under this authority being effective
and binding on all those Shareholders; and

(e) generally do all acts and things required to give effect to the resolution.

143. Notwithstanding any provisions in these Articles, the Directors may resolve to capitalise an amount standing to the credit of reserves
(including the share premium account, capital redemption reserve and profit and loss account) or otherwise available for distribution
by applying such sum in paying up in full unissued Shares to be allotted and issued to:

(a) employees (including Directors) or service providers of the Company or its Affiliates upon exercise or vesting of any options or awards
granted under any share incentive scheme or employee benefit scheme or other arrangement which relates to such persons that has been adopted
or approved by the Directors or the Members;

(b) any trustee of any trust or administrator of any share incentive scheme or employee benefit scheme to whom shares are to be allotted
and issued by the Company in connection with the operation of any share incentive scheme or employee benefit scheme or other arrangement
which relates to such persons that has been adopted or approved by the Directors or Members; or

(c) any depositary of the Company for the purposes of the issue, allotment and delivery by the depositary of shares to employees (including
Directors) or service providers of the Company or its Affiliates upon exercise or vesting of any options or awards granted under any share
incentive scheme or employee benefit scheme or other arrangement which relates to such persons that has been adopted or approved by the
Directors or the Members.

SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT

144. The Directors shall in accordance with the Companies Act establish a Share Premium Account and shall carry to the credit of such account
from time to time a sum equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share.

145. There shall be debited to any Share Premium Account on the redemption or purchase of a Share the difference between the nominal value
of such Share and the redemption or purchase price provided always that at the discretion of the Directors such sum may be paid out of
the profits of the Company or, if permitted by the Companies Act, out of capital.

NOTICES

146. Except as otherwise provided in these Articles, any notice or document may be served by the Company or by the Person entitled to give
notice to any Shareholder either personally, or by posting it by airmail or a recognised courier service in a prepaid letter addressed
to such Shareholder at his address as appearing in the Register, or by electronic mail to any electronic mail address such Shareholder
may have specified in writing for the purpose of such service of notices, or by facsimile to any facsimile number such Shareholder may
have specified in writing for the purpose of such service of notices, or by placing it on the Companys Website should the Directors
deem it appropriate. In the case of joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to that one of the joint holders whose name stands
first in the Register in respect of the joint holding, and notice so given shall be sufficient notice to all the joint holders.

147. Notices sent from one country to another shall be sent or forwarded by prepaid airmail or a recognized courier service.

148. Any Shareholder present, either personally or by proxy, at any meeting of the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have received
due notice of such meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for which such meeting was convened.

149. Any notice or other document, if served by:

(a) post, shall be deemed to have been served five (5) calendar days after the time when the letter containing the same is posted;

(b) facsimile, shall be deemed to have been served upon production by the transmitting facsimile machine of a report confirming transmission
of the facsimile in full to the facsimile number of the recipient;

(c) recognised courier service, shall be deemed to have been served 48 hours after the time when the letter containing the same is delivered
to the courier service; or

(d) electronic mail, shall be deemed to have been served immediately (i) upon the time of the transmission to the electronic mail
address supplied by the Shareholder to the Company or (ii) upon the time of its placement on the Companys Website.

In proving service by post or courier service it shall be sufficient
to prove that the letter containing the notice or documents was properly addressed and duly posted or delivered to the courier service.

150. Any notice or document delivered or sent by post to or left at the registered address of any Shareholder in accordance with the terms
of these Articles shall notwithstanding that such Shareholder be then dead or bankrupt, and whether or not the Company has notice of his
death or bankruptcy, be deemed to have been duly served in respect of any Share registered in the name of such Shareholder as sole or
joint holder, unless his name shall at the time of the service of the notice or document have been removed from the Register as the holder
of the Share, and such service shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient service of such notice or document on all Persons interested
(whether jointly with or as claiming through or under him) in the Share.

151. Notice of every general meeting of the Company shall be given to:

(a) all Shareholders holding Shares with the right to receive notice and who have supplied to the Company an address for the giving of
notices to them; and

(b) every Person entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Shareholder, who but for his death or bankruptcy would
be entitled to receive notice of the meeting.

No other Person shall be entitled to receive notices of general
meetings.

INFORMATION

152. No Member shall be entitled to require discovery of any information in respect of any detail of the Companys trading or any
information which is or may be in the nature of a trade secret or secret process which may relate to the conduct of the business of the
Company and which in the opinion of the Board would not be in the interests of the Members of the Company to communicate to the public.

153. The Board shall be entitled to release or disclose any information in its possession, custody or control regarding the Company or
its affairs to any of its Members including, without limitation, information contained in the Register and transfer books of the Company.

INDEMNITY

154. Every Director (including for the purposes of this Article any alternate Director appointed pursuant to the provisions of these
Articles), Secretary, assistant Secretary, or other officer for the time being and from time to time of the Company (but not including
the Companys auditors) and the personal representatives of the same (each an Indemnified Person) shall be indemnified
and secured harmless against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained
by such Indemnified Person, other than by reason of such Indemnified Persons own dishonesty, wilful default or fraud, in or about
the conduct of the Companys business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of judgment) or in the execution or discharge
of his duties, powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses,
losses or liabilities incurred by such Indemnified Person in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings concerning
the Company or its affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere.

155. No Indemnified Person shall be liable:

(a) for the acts, receipts, neglects, defaults or omissions of any other Director or officer or agent of the Company; or

(b) for any loss on account of defect of title to any property of the Company; or

(c) on account of the insufficiency of any security in or upon which any money of the Company shall be invested; or

(d) for any loss incurred through any bank, broker or other similar Person; or

(e) for any loss occasioned by any negligence, default, breach of duty, breach of trust, error of judgement or oversight on such Indemnified
Persons part; or

(f) for any loss, damage or misfortune whatsoever which may happen in or arise from the execution or discharge of the duties, powers,
authorities, or discretions of such Indemnified Persons office or in relation thereto;

unless the same shall happen through such Indemnified Persons
own dishonesty, willful default or fraud.

FINANCIAL YEAR

156. Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on December 31 in each calendar year and
shall begin on January 1 in each calendar year.

NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS

157. No Person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any Share upon any trust and the Company shall not, unless required by law,
be bound by or be compelled in any way to recognise (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest
in any Share or (except only as otherwise provided by these Articles or as the Companies Act requires) any other right in respect of any
Share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in each Shareholder registered in the Register.

WINDING UP

158. If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, with the sanction of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other sanction
required by the Companies Act, divide amongst the Members in species or in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether
they shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall
be carried out as between the Members or different Classes or series of Members. The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the
whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like sanction,
shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

159. If the Company shall be wound up, and the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the
whole of the share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in
proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them. If in a winding up the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall
be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed
amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction
from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. This Article is
without prejudice to the rights of the holders of Shares issued upon special terms and conditions.

AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

160. Subject to the Companies Act, the Company may at any time and from time to time by Special Resolution alter or amend these Articles
in whole or in part.

CLOSING OF REGISTER OR FIXING RECORD DATE

161. For the purpose of determining those Shareholders that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at any meeting of Shareholders
or any adjournment thereof, or those Shareholders that are entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination
as to who is a Shareholder for any other purpose, the Directors may provide that the Register shall be closed for transfers for a stated
period which shall not exceed in any case thirty (30) calendar days in any calendar year.

162. In lieu of or apart from closing the Register, the Directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination
of those Shareholders that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of the Shareholders and for the purpose of determining
those Shareholders that are entitled to receive payment of any dividend the Directors may, at or within ninety (90) calendar days prior
to the date of declaration of such dividend, fix a subsequent date as the record date for such determination.

163. If the Register is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of those Shareholders entitled to receive notice
of, attend or vote at a meeting of Shareholders or those Shareholders that are entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the date on
which notice of the meeting is posted or the date on which the resolution of the Directors declaring such dividend is adopted, as the
case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Shareholders. When a determination of those Shareholders that are entitled
to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Shareholders has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall
apply to any adjournment thereof.

REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION

164. The Company may by Special Resolution resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands
or such other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing. In furtherance of a resolution adopted
pursuant to this Article, the Directors may cause an application to be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in
the Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing and may cause all
such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of continuation of the Company.

DISCLOSURE

165. The Directors, or any service providers (including the officers, the Secretary and the registered office agent of the Company) specifically
authorised by the Directors, shall be entitled to disclose to any regulatory or judicial authority or to any stock exchange on which securities
of the Company may from time to time be listed any information regarding the affairs of the Company including without limitation information
contained in the Register and books of the Company.

EXCLUSIVE FORUM

166. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive
jurisdiction to hear, settle and determine any dispute, controversy or claim (including any non-contractual dispute, controversy or claim)
whether arising out of or in connection with these Articles or otherwise, including any questions regarding their existence, validity,
formation or termination. Without limiting the jurisdiction of the Cayman Courts to hear, settle and determine disputes related to the
Company, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer, or other
employee of the Company to the Company or the Shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the Companies Act or these Articles including but not limited to any purchase or acquisition of Shares, security, or guarantee provided
in consideration thereof, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company which if brought in the United States would be
a claim arising under the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States from time to time).

167. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (or, if the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York lacks subject matter jurisdiction
over a particular dispute, the state courts in New York County, New York) shall be the exclusive forum within the United States for the
resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising out of or relating in any way to the federal securities laws of the United
States, regardless of whether such legal suit, action, or proceeding also involves parties other than the Company. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any Share or other securities in the Company, or purchasing or otherwise acquiring depositary shares
representing the Companys Shares issued pursuant to relevant deposit agreements, shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to the provisions of this Article and Article 166 above. Without prejudice to the foregoing, if any part of this Article and
Article 166 is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the legality, validity or enforceability of the
rest of these Articles shall not be affected and this Article and Article 166 shall be interpreted and construed to the maximum
extent possible to apply in the relevant jurisdiction with whatever modification or deletion may be necessary so as best to give effect
to the intention of the Company.

ANNEX B

FORM OF SHAREHOLDERS SUPPORT AND LOCK-UP
AGREEMENT AND DEED

(attached)

ANNEX C

FORM OF SPONSOR SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND DEED

(attached)

ANNEX D

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

(attached)

ANNEX E

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT
AGREEMENT

(attached)

ANNEX F

FORM OF PLAN OF MERGER

(attached)

ANNEX H

SPONSOR WARRANT ELECTION LETTER

(attached)

[Date]

World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc.

[Address]1

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Warrant Agreement, dated
as of August 27, 2024, by and between Black Spade Acquisition II Co, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under
the laws of the Cayman Islands (BSII), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York
corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent), as amended by that certain Assignment, Assumption and Amendment
Agreement, dated [ ], 2025, by and between BSII, the Warrant Agent and World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc.,
an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company)
(as may be further amended, restated or amended and rested, the Warrant Agreement). Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Warrant Agreement. As you are aware, the Sponsor (as defined
below) has no intention of being an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Company.

Pursuant to subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement,
any holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in subsection
3.3.5. By this letter (this Letter Agreement), Black Spade Sponsor LLC II, a Cayman Islands limited liability
company (the Sponsor), as a holder of Warrants, hereby gives written notice to the Company of its election
to become subject to the provisions of subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement, and of its election to set the Maximum Percentage as
it applies to the Sponsor (together with its affiliates) at 9.8% (the Sponsors Maximum Percentage).
Such Sponsors Maximum Percentage shall become effective upon delivery of this Letter Agreement to the Company (such delivery being
effected on the date of this Letter Agreement).

The provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be
construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Letter Agreement to the extent necessary
to correct any portion of this Letter Agreement which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation
contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.

cc: Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor 

New York, New York 10004 

Attention: Compliance Department

1 Note to Draft: To match the Company notice address to
be included in the Warrant Assumption and Amendment Agreement, and notice delivery method to follow the notice provision in the Warrant
Assumption and Amendment Agreement as well.

Sincerely,

Black Spade Sponsor LLC II 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and agreed

World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SHAREHOLDERS SUPPORT
AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT AND DEED

This
SHAREHOLDERS SUPPORT AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT AND DEED (this Agreement) is made as a deed as of January 27, 2025,
by and among World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, (the Company), Black Spade Acquisition II Co, an exempted company incorporated with limited
liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (BSII), and each of the undersigned Persons listed on Schedule A
to this Agreement (each, a Company Shareholder).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
BSII, the Company and WME Merger Sub Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman
Islands and a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), are concurrently herewith entering into
a Business Combination Agreement (as the same may be amended, restated or supplemented, the Business Combination Agreement)
providing for, among other things, the merger of Merger Sub with and into BSII, with BSII being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).

WHEREAS,
each Company Shareholder is, as of the date of this Agreement, the beneficial and sole legal owner of such number of Pre-Recapitalization
Company Shares as is set forth opposite
its name on Schedule A hereto (such Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares, together with any Pre-Recapitalization Company
Shares (a) issued or otherwise distributed to such Company Shareholder pursuant to any share dividend or distribution, (b) resulting
from any change in any of the Pre-Recapitalization Company Shares by reason of any share split, recapitalization, combination, exchange
of shares or the like, (c) the legal ownership of which is acquired by such Company Shareholder, including by exchange or conversion
of any other security, or (d) as to which such Company Shareholder acquires the right to vote or share in the voting, in each case
after the date of this Agreement and during the term of this Agreement, the Subject Shares).

WHEREAS,
as a condition to their willingness to enter into the Business Combination Agreement, BSII and the Company have requested that the Company
Shareholders enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. definitions;
interpretation

Capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and applied in accordance with the rules of construction set forth in Section 1.02
(Construction) of the Business Combination Agreement.

2. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE Company ShareholderS

Each
Company Shareholder, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to BSII and the Company as of the date of this
Agreement as follows:

2.1 Organization.
Such Company Shareholder has been duly incorporated or registered and is validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept
is applicable in such Company Shareholders jurisdiction of incorporation or registration) under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or registration and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate all of its properties and
assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. Such Company Shareholder is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing
(to the extent such concept is applicable in such Company Shareholders jurisdiction of incorporation or registration) as a foreign
corporation or company (or other entity, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which its ownership of property or the character of its
activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such
Company Shareholders jurisdiction of incorporation or registration), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed
or qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially adversely
affect the ability of such Company Shareholder to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Such Company Shareholder is not the
beneficial owner of any Subject Shares held in trust.

2.2 Due
Authorization. Such Company Shareholder has all requisite corporate power and authority to (a) execute and deliver this
Agreement, and (b) consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and perform all obligations to be performed by it hereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized and approved by the competent body of such Company Shareholder and no other company proceeding on the part of such Company
Shareholder is necessary to authorize this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such Company
Shareholder, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Company Shareholder, enforceable against such
Company Shareholder in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.

2.3 Governmental
Authorities; Consents. Assuming the truth and completeness of the representations and warranties of other parties hereto contained
in the Business Combination Agreement regarding the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, no consent of or with any
Governmental Authority on the part of such Company Shareholder is required to be obtained or made in connection with the execution,
delivery or performance by such Company Shareholder of this Agreement, other than (a) applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, and/ or any state blue sky securities laws, and the rules and regulations thereunder and (b) where
the failure to obtain or make such consents or to make such filings or notifications would not prevent, impede or, in any material respect,
delay or adversely affect the performance by such Company Shareholder of its obligations under this Agreement.

2

2.4 No
Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Company Shareholder and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not:

(a) violate
or conflict with any provision of, or result in the breach of or default under the Governing Documents of such Company Shareholder;

(b) violate
or conflict with any provision of, or result in the breach of, or default under, or require any consent, waiver, exemption or approval
under, any Applicable Law or Governmental Order applicable to such Company Shareholder;

(c) violate
or conflict with any provision of, or result in the breach of, result in the loss of any right or benefit, require any consent, cause
acceleration, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination,
amendment, cancellation or acceleration) under any Contract to which such Company Shareholder is a party or by which such Company
Shareholder may be bound, or terminate or result in the termination of any such Contract; or

(d) result
in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of such Company Shareholder;

except,
in the case of clauses (b) through (d), to the extent that the occurrence of the foregoing would not reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially adversely affect the ability of such Company Shareholder to perform its
obligations hereunder or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

2.5 Company
Securities. Such Company Shareholder is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Subject Shares set forth opposite its name
on Schedule A hereto, and all such Subject Shares are owned by such Company Shareholder free and clear of all Liens, other than
Liens pursuant to the Companys Governing Documents, this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, or applicable securities laws. Such
Company Shareholder does not own legally or beneficially any Equity Securities of the Company other than its Pre-Recapitalization Company
Shares. Such Company Shareholder has the sole right to vote its Subject Shares, and none of its Subject Shares is subject to any voting
trust or other agreement, arrangement or restriction with respect to the voting of its Subject Shares, except as contemplated by the
Governing Documents of the Company or this Agreement.

2.6 Business
Combination Agreement. Such Company Shareholder understands and acknowledges that BSII, Merger Sub and the Company are entering
into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon the Company Shareholders execution and delivery of this Agreement. Such
Company Shareholder has received a copy of the finalized Business Combination Agreement delivered to each Company Shareholder on January 27, 2025,
is familiar with the provisions of the Business Combination Agreement, and has consented to (and hereby consents to) the Companys
entry into the Business Combination Agreement.

3

2.7 Adequate
Information. Such Company Shareholder is a sophisticated investor and has adequate information concerning the business and
financial condition of BSII and the Company to make an informed decision regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
the Business Combination Agreement and has independently and without reliance upon BSII or the Company and based on such information
as such Company Shareholder has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Such Company Shareholder
acknowledges that BSII and the Company have not made and do not make any representation or warranty to such Company Shareholder, whether
express or implied, of any kind or character except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

2.8 Restricted
Securities. Such Company Shareholder understands that the Company Ordinary Shares that it may receive in connection with the
Transactions including upon exercise, settlement, conversion or exchange of any other securities received in connection with the Transactions,
may be restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and, if such Company Shareholder is
an affiliate of the Company, control securities as such term is used under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act, and that, pursuant to these laws, such Company Shareholder must hold such Company Ordinary Shares indefinitely unless (a) they
are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities, or (b) an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements
is available.

2.9 Litigation
and Proceedings.

(a) There
are no pending or, to the knowledge of such Company Shareholder, threatened, legal proceedings against such Company Shareholder
or any of its Subsidiaries (if applicable), properties or assets; and

(b) There
is no outstanding Governmental Order imposed upon such Company Shareholder; nor are any Subsidiaries, properties or assets of
such Company Shareholder or its businesses (if applicable) bound or subject to any Governmental Order;

except,
in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially adversely affect the ability
of such Company Shareholder to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

3. PRE-CLOSING
SUPPORT AND CERTAIN COVENANTS

Each
Company Shareholder, severally and not jointly, hereby covenants and unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to the Company
and BSII during the term of this Agreement as follows:

3.1 Agreement
to Vote in Favor of Transactions. At any meeting of the shareholders of the Company called, held or convened to seek the Company
Shareholders Approval, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or in connection with any written resolution or consent
of the shareholders of the Company or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent, waiver or other approval with respect to
the Business Combination Agreement, any Ancillary Agreements, the Merger, or any other Transaction is sought or required under the Governing
Documents or Contract of BSII or otherwise (the Other Company Approvals), such Company Shareholder shall:

(a) if
a meeting is held, appear at such meeting (in person or, where proxies are permitted, by proxy) or otherwise cause all of its Subject
Shares to be counted as present at such meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum; and

4

(b) vote
or cause to be voted (including by class vote and/or written consent or resolution, if applicable) all of its Subject Shares in favor
of granting the Company Shareholders Approval and the Other Company Approvals and, if there are insufficient votes in favor of
granting the Company Shareholders Approval and/or the Other Company Approvals, in favor of the adjournment or postponement of
such meeting of the shareholders of the Company to a later date.

3.2 Agreement
to Vote Against Other Matters. At any meeting of the shareholders of the Company or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or
in connection with any written resolution or consent of the shareholders of the Company or in any other circumstances upon which such
the Company Shareholders vote, consent or other approval is sought, such Company Shareholder shall vote (or cause to be voted)
all of its Subject Shares (including by withholding its class vote and/or written consent or resolution, if applicable) against any Acquisition
Transaction.

3.3 No
Other Proxies. Each Company Shareholder represents and warrants that no proxies of any nature (other than the proxy given pursuant
to Section 3.4) have been given in respect of any of its Subject Shares.

3.4 Irrevocable
Power of Attorney. Each Company Shareholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally grants to, and appoints, in the event that such
Company Shareholder shall for whatever reason fail to perform any of its obligations under Section 3.1, the Company and any individual
designated in writing by the Company, and each of them individually, as such Company Shareholders lawful attorney and proxy (with
full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of such Company Shareholder, to vote all of its Subject Shares, or
grant a written consent or approval or approve a written resolution in respect of all of its Subject Shares in a manner consistent with
Section 3.1 (the Irrevocable Power of Attorney), and execute, deliver and take on each such Company Shareholders
behalf and in the name of such Company Shareholder, all deeds, documents, and steps necessary for obtaining the Company Shareholders
Approval and the Other Company Approvals as contemplated in Section 3.1. Each Company Shareholder understands and acknowledges that
BSII and the Company are entering into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon such Company Shareholders execution
and delivery of this Agreement. Each Company Shareholder hereby affirms that the Irrevocable Power of Attorney is given in connection
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, and that such irrevocable power of attorney is given to secure the performance
of the duties of such Company Shareholder under this Agreement. Each Company Shareholder hereby further affirms that the Irrevocable
Power of Attorney is coupled with a proprietary interest of the Company and may under no circumstances be revoked. Each Company Shareholder
hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Irrevocable Power of Attorney may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. The Irrevocable
Power of Attorney granted hereunder shall only terminate upon the termination of this Agreement. Promptly upon the written request of
the Company or BSII, each Company Shareholder shall duly execute and deliver a separate proxy instrument, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, making specific reference to the Company Shareholders Approval and the Other Company Approvals, as
applicable.

5

3.5 No
Pre-Closing Transfer. Other than pursuant to this Agreement or as expressly contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, or
the Ancillary Agreements, from the date hereof and until the Closing or, if earlier, termination of this Agreement, such Company Shareholder
shall not:

(a) directly
or indirectly, (i) lend, sell, transfer, tender, grant, charge, mortgage, pledge, assign or otherwise encumber, grant a security
interests in, assign or otherwise dispose of (including by gift, tender or exchange offer, merger or operation of law), encumber, hedge,
swap, convert or utilize a derivative to transfer the economic interest in (collectively, Transfer), or (ii) enter
into any Contract, option or other binding arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement) with respect to the Transfer of, any
Subject Shares to any person;

(b) grant
any proxies or enter into any voting arrangement, whether by proxy, voting agreement, voting trust, voting deed or otherwise (including
pursuant to any loan of Subject Shares) with respect to any Subject Shares, or enter into any other Contract with respect to any Subject
Shares that would prohibit or prevent the satisfaction of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement;

(c) take
any action that would make any representation or warranty of such Company Shareholder herein untrue or incorrect, or have the effect
of preventing or disabling such Company Shareholder from performing its obligations hereunder;

(d) commit
or agree to take any of the foregoing actions or take any other action or enter into any Contract that would reasonably be expected to
make any of its representations or warranties contained herein untrue or incorrect or would have the effect of preventing or delaying
such Company Shareholder or the Company from performing any of its obligations hereunder; or

(e) announce
any intention to effect any such transaction specified in this sentence,

other than any Transfer (x) between any
Company Shareholder and any of its Affiliates and any of the Company Shareholders and their Affiliates respective executive
officers and directors, or (y) upon the prior written consent of the Company and BSII, provided in each case that such transferee
shall enter into a written agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company and BSII, agreeing to be bound by
this Agreement to the same extent as such Company Shareholder was prior to such Transfer. Any action attempted to be taken in violation
of the preceding sentence will be null and void. Each Company Shareholder agrees with, and covenants to, BSII and the Company (or any
of its directors, secretaries or authorized representatives) that such Company Shareholder shall not request that BSII register the Transfer
(by book-entry or otherwise) of any certificated or uncertificated interest representing any of the Subject Shares.

3.6 Waiver
of Dissent Rights. Such Company Shareholder shall not apply to any Governmental Authority claiming that the Company Shareholders
Approval, Other Company Approvals, Business Combination Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, Merger or any other Transaction is oppressive
or unfairly discriminatory to or otherwise prejudicial to, or undertaken without due regard to the interests of, any member, shareholder
or holder of debentures of the Company or any other Person. Such Company Shareholder shall not commence, join in, facilitate, assist
or encourage any claim or action challenging the validity of this Agreement, or alleging any breach of any law or duty in connection
with the Transactions or alleging that the Company Shareholders Approval, Other Company Approvals, Business Combination Agreement,
any Ancillary Agreement, or any other Transaction is oppressive or unfairly discriminatory to or otherwise prejudicial to, or undertaken
without due regard to the interests of, any member, shareholder or holder of debentures of the Company or any other Person, and hereby
releases the Company from all actions, proceedings, claims and demands whatsoever which such Company Shareholder has, has had, or will
have under or arising out of this Agreement.

6

4. POST-CLOSING
LOCK-UP

4.1 Certain
Definitions. As used in this Article 4, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

(a) affiliate
shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act;

(b) Applicable
Period shall mean, in respect of each Lock-Up Obligor, the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the third (3rd)
anniversary of the Closing Date;

(c) Immediate
Family shall mean, as to a natural person, such individuals spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, child (including
by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister, and lineal descendant (including by adoption) of any of the foregoing persons;

(d) Lock-Up
Obligor shall mean AMTD Digital, AMTD IDEA Group and AMTD Group Inc.

(e) Lock-Up
Restrictions shall mean the restrictions set forth in Sections 4.2 and 4.5;

(f) Lock-Up
Securities shall mean, in respect of a Lock-Up Obligor, any Company Ordinary Shares or other Equity Securities of the Company
held by the Lock-Up Obligor (or which the Lock-Up Obligor is entitled to receive by virtue of the Transactions) immediately after the
Closing, excluding (i) any Company Ordinary Shares acquired in open market transactions after the Closing, (ii) any Company
Ordinary Shares received by a Lock-Up Obligor upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of options or warrants for Company Ordinary
Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Company Ordinary Shares, in any such case, held by a Lock-Up
Obligor immediately after the Closing (along with such options or warrants themselves), and (iii) any other Equity Security of the
Company issued or issuable to a Lock-Up Obligor with respect to any securities referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above by
way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar
transaction; and

(g) Lock-Up
Transfer shall mean the (i) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any
option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put
equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, with respect to, any Lock-Up Security, (ii) entry
into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any
Lock-Up Security, whether or not any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) announcement
of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

7

4.2 Lock-Up
Restriction. Subject to the consummation of the Merger and Section 4.5, each Lock-Up Obligor covenants and agrees that it shall
not, without the prior written consent of the Company Board, effect, undertake, enter into or announce any Lock-Up Transfer during the
Applicable Period in respect of the applicable Lock-Up Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lock-Up Obligor shall retain
all of its rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Lock-Up Securities it holds at any time during the Applicable Period
including, without limitation, the right to vote any Lock-Up Securities that are entitled to vote and the right to receive any dividends
or distributions in respect of such Lock-Up Securities.

4.3 Authorization.
Each Lock-Up Obligor hereby:

(a) acknowledges
that the Company may, during the Applicable Period, pursuant to its rights and/or the obligations of the relevant Lock-Up Obligors under
this Article 4, in its discretion and subject to Applicable Law, instruct its transfer agent for the Lock-Up Securities to decline
to transfer, and to note stop-transfer restrictions on the register of book-entry interests and other records relating to, such Lock-Up
Securities for which such Lock-Up Obligor is the record holder; and

(b) in
the case of Lock-Up Securities for which such Lock-Up Obligor is the beneficial but not the record holder, agrees during the Applicable
Period to cause the record holder to cause the relevant transfer agent to decline to transfer, and to note stop-transfer restrictions
on the register of book-entry interests and other records relating to, such Securities;

in each case, if and to the extent such transfer
would constitute a Lock-Up Transfer in breach of this Agreement. The Company shall instruct its transfer agent to remove any stop transfer
restrictions on the register of book-entry interests and other records related to the book-entry interests comprising Lock-Up Securities
within three Business Days after the expiration of the Applicable Period.

4.4 Legend.
During the Applicable Period, a certificate or book-entry evidencing any Lock-Up Securities may, in the Companys discretion
pursuant to its rights and/or the obligations of the relevant Lock-Up Obligors under this Article 4, and subject to Applicable Law,
be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form, in addition to any other applicable legends:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A SHAREHOLDERS SUPPORT AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT AND DEED, DATED
AS OF JANUARY 27, 2025, BY AND AMONG WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC. (COMPANY), BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II
CO, THE HOLDER NAMED THEREIN AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY COMPANY TO THE
HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

8

4.5 Lock-Up
Exceptions. Section 4.2 shall not apply to:

(a) in
the case of an entity, Lock-Up Transfers to (i) such entitys officers or directors or any affiliate or Immediate Family of
any of such entitys officers or directors, (ii) any shareholder, partner or member of such entity or their affiliates, (iii) any
affiliate of such entity, or (iv) any employees of such entity or of its affiliates;

(b) Lock-Up
Transfers to a partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which such transferor is the legal and beneficial owner of all
of the outstanding Equity Securities;

(c) in
the case of a natural person, Lock-Up Transfers (i) by bona fide gift to any member of such individuals Immediate Family,
(ii) to a family trust, established for the exclusive benefit of such individual and/or any of such individuals Immediate
Family for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such individual or (iv) pursuant
to a court order or settlement agreement related to the distribution of assets in connection with the dissolution of marriage or civil
union;

(d) in
the case of an entity, Lock-Up Transfers by virtue of the laws of the jurisdiction of formation of such entity and the entitys
Governing Documents upon dissolution of the entity;

(e) after
the date falling eighteen (18) months from Closing, pledges of any Lock-Up Securities to a financial institution that create a security
interest in such Lock-Up Securities pursuant to a bona fide loan or indebtedness transaction so long as the holder of such pledged Lock-Up
Securities continues to control the exercise of the voting rights of such pledged Lock-Up Securities, and any foreclosures on such pledged
Lock-Up Securities;

(f) the
exercise of warrants to purchase Company Ordinary Shares on a cashless basis in accordance with the terms thereof;

(g) the
entry, at any time after the Closing, into any trading plan providing for the sale of Company Ordinary Shares meeting the requirements
of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, provided, that such plan does not provide for, or permit, the sale of any
Company Ordinary Shares during the Applicable Period and no announcement or filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan
during the Applicable Period; and

(h) after
the date falling eighteen (18) months from Closing, Lock-Up Transfers in the event of completion of a bona fide amalgamation, merger,
scheme of arrangement, business combination, consolidation, combination sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization,
dissolution, liquidation or winding up or other similar transaction, as approved by the Company Board, which results in all of the Companys
security holders having the right to exchange their Company Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property;

provided,
however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (d), these permitted transferees shall enter into a written agreement with
the Company, agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions in Sections 4.2 through 4.5.

4.6 Effect
of Article 4. If any Lock-Up Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the provisions of this Article 4, such purported
Lock-Up Transfer shall be null and void ab initio.

9

5. OTHER
AGREEMENTS

5.1 Removal
of Restrictions. The Company shall remove, and shall cause to be removed (including by causing its transfer agent to remove), any
legends, marks, stop-transfer instructions or other similar notations pertaining to the lock-up arrangements herein from the book-entries
evidencing any Lock-Up Securities at the time any such security is no longer subject to the Lock-Up Restrictions (any such Lock-Up Security,
a Free Security), and shall take all such actions (and shall cause to be taken all such actions) necessary or proper to
cause the Free Security to be consolidated under the CUSIP(s) and/or ISIN(s) applicable to the unrestricted Company Ordinary
Shares or Company Warrants, as and to the extent applicable, or so that the Free Securities are in a like position. Any holder of a Lock-Up
Security is an express third-party beneficiary of this Section 5.1 and entitled to enforce specifically the obligations of
the Company set forth in this Section 5.1 directly against the Company.

5.2 Disclosure.

(a) Each
Company Shareholder shall be bound by and comply with the Confidentiality Agreement, dated September 19, 2024, by and among BSII
and World Media and Entertainment Group, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement)
and Section 12.12 (Publicity) of the Business Combination Agreement (including any relevant defined terms used in such
Confidentiality Agreement and provision) as if such Company Shareholder was an original signatory to the Confidentiality Agreement and
Business Combination Agreement with respect to such provisions.

(b) Each
Company Shareholder hereby authorizes the Company and BSII to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure required by the
SEC or pursuant to any Applicable Law such Company Shareholders identity and ownership of Subject Shares and Lock-Up Securities,
the nature of such Company Shareholders obligations under this Agreement and (if deemed appropriate by the Company and BSII) a
copy of this Agreement. Each Company Shareholder will promptly provide any information reasonably requested by the Company and BSII for
any regulatory application or filing made or approval sought in connection with the Transactions.

5.3 Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms. Upon the occurrence
of the Closing, (i) this Agreement (excluding Section 3.6, Article 4 and Article 5) shall immediately
terminate, (ii) Section 3.6 and Article 4 shall survive in accordance with its terms, and (iii) Article 5
shall survive indefinitely. Upon termination of this Agreement (or a portion hereof), no party shall have any liability hereunder
other than for its willful and material breach of this Agreement (or such terminated portion) prior to such termination.

5.4 Further
Assurances. Each Company Shareholder, from time to time, (i) execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered,
such additional or further consents, documents and other instruments as the Company or BSII may reasonably request for the purpose of
effectively carrying out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
and (ii) refrain from exercising any veto right, consent right or similar right under BSII or the Companys Governing Documents
which would materially impede, disrupt, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of the Merger or any other Transaction.
If any Company Shareholder acquires record or beneficial ownership of any Subject Shares following the date of this Agreement (or becomes
aware, following the date hereof, of its record or beneficial ownership of any Subject Shares as of the date hereof, which shares are
not already set forth on Schedule A), such Company Shareholder shall promptly notify the Company and BSII, and Schedule A
shall be updated to reflect such Company Shareholders ownership of such additional Subject Shares.

10

5.5 Company
Shareholder Parties. Each Company Shareholder signs this Agreement solely in such Company Shareholders capacity as a shareholder
of the Company, and not in any other capacity. No Company Shareholder shall be liable or responsible for any breach, default or violation
of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement hereunder by any other Company Shareholder and each Company Shareholder shall
solely be required to perform its obligations hereunder in its individual capacity.

5.6 Notice.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by
overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to BSII or the Company in accordance with Section 12.03 (Notices) of the
Business Combination Agreement and to each Company Shareholder at its address set forth on Schedule A hereto (or at
such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice).

5.7 Miscellaneous.
The provisions of Sections 12.04 (Assignment), 12.05 (Rights of Third Parties), 12.07 (Governing Law), 12.08
(Dispute Resolution and Waiver of Jury Trial), 12.09 (Headings and Captions; Counterparts), 12.10 (Entire Agreement),
12.11 (Amendments) and 12.15 (Enforcement) of the Business Combination Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis
mutandis, as if set forth in full herein.

[Signature pages follow]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Title: Director 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Samuel Chau 

Name: Samuel Chau 

Title: Director 

[Signature Page to Shareholders Support Agreement
and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO

By: /s/ Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

Name: Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

Title: Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Name: Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Title: Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Shareholders Support Agreement
and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

AMTD DIGITAL INC.

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Title: Director 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Xavier Zee 

Name: Xavier Zee 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to
Shareholders Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

AMTD IDEA GROUP

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Title: Director 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Xavier Zee 

Name: Xavier Zee 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement
and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

AMTD GROUP INC.

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Title: Director 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Xavier Zee 

Name: Xavier Zee 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to
Shareholders Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

SOUTH HORIZON OCEANS (GROUP) CO INC.

By: /s/ Howard Cong 

Name: Howard Cong 

Title: Director 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Dong Jing 

Name: Dong Jing 

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

RADISSON EVERTON VENTURE FUND

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Title: 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Samuel Chau 

Name: Samuel Chau 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement
and Deed]

List of Omitted Schedule:

Schedule A Particulars of Company Shareholders and Subject
Shares
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SPONSOR SUPPORT AGREEMENT
AND DEED

This
SPONSOR SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND DEED (this Agreement) is made as a deed as of January 27, 2025,
by and among World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, (the Company), Black Spade Acquisition II Co, an exempted company incorporated with limited
liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (BSII), Black Spade Sponsor LLC II, a limited liability company registered
under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Sponsor), and each of the undersigned Persons listed on Schedule A to
this Agreement (each, together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Parties).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
BSII, the Company and WME Merger Sub Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman
Islands and a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), are concurrently herewith entering into
a Business Combination Agreement (as the same may be amended, restated or supplemented, the Business Combination Agreement)
providing for, among other things, the merger of Merger Sub with and into BSII, with BSII being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Company (the Merger).

WHEREAS,
each of the Sponsor Parties is, as of the date of this Agreement, the beneficial and sole legal owner of such number of BSII Class B
Ordinary Shares and such number of BSII Private Warrants that entitle the relevant Sponsor Party to purchase such number of BSII Class A
Ordinary Shares as is set forth opposite its name on Schedule A hereto (such shares, together with any BSII Ordinary Shares
(a) issued or otherwise distributed to such Sponsor Party pursuant to any share dividend or distribution, (b) resulting from
any change in any of the BSII Ordinary Shares by reason of any share split, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or the
like, (c) the legal ownership of which is acquired by such Sponsor Party by exchange or conversion of any other security acquired
after the date of this Agreement, or (d) as to which such Sponsor Party acquires the right to vote or share in the voting, in each
case after the date of this Agreement and during the term of this Agreement, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any BSII Units,
BSII Warrants and BSII Ordinary Shares acquired on or prior to the date of this Agreement, the Subject Shares).

WHEREAS,
as a condition to their willingness to enter into the Business Combination Agreement, BSII and the Company have requested that the Sponsor
Parties enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. definitions;
interpretation

Capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and applied in accordance with the rules of construction set forth in Section 1.02
(Construction) of the Business Combination Agreement.

2. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE sponsor PARTIES

Each Sponsor Party, severally
and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to BSII and the Company as of the date of this Agreement as follows:

2.1 Organization.
If such Sponsor Party is not a natural person, such Sponsor Party has been duly incorporated or registered and is validly existing and
in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such Sponsor Partys jurisdiction of incorporation or registration)
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or registration and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease
or operate all of its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. If such Sponsor Party is not a
natural person, such Sponsor Party is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such
Sponsor Partys jurisdiction of incorporation or registration) as a foreign corporation or company (or other entity, if applicable)
in all jurisdictions in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed
or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such Sponsor Partys jurisdiction of incorporation
or registration), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially adversely affect the ability of such Sponsor Party to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. Such Sponsor Party is not the beneficial owner of any Subject Shares held in trust.

2.2 Due
Authorization. If such Sponsor Party is not a natural person, such Sponsor Party has all requisite corporate power and authority
to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement, and (b) consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and perform all obligations
to be performed by it hereunder. If such Sponsor Party is not a natural person, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and approved by the competent body of such
Sponsor Party and no other company proceeding on the part of such Sponsor Party is necessary to authorize this Agreement. If such Sponsor
Party is a natural person, such Sponsor Party has full legal capacity, right and authority to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement,
and (b) to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such
Sponsor Party, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Sponsor Party, enforceable against such Sponsor
Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and
similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity. If such
Sponsor Party is a natural person who is married and resides in a community property jurisdiction and such action has been requested
by the Company in writing prior to such Sponsor Partys execution and delivery of this Agreement, then such Sponsor Partys
spouse has executed and delivered to the Company and BSII a spousal consent, in the form attached as Schedule B, concurrently
with its execution and delivery of this Agreement.

2

2.3 Governmental
Authorities; Consents. Assuming the truth and completeness of the representations and warranties of other parties hereto contained
in the Business Combination Agreement regarding the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, no consent of or with any
Governmental Authority on the part of such Sponsor Party is required to be obtained or made in connection with the execution, delivery
or performance by such Sponsor Party of this Agreement, other than (a) applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, and/ or any state blue sky securities laws, and the rules and regulations thereunder and (b) where
the failure to obtain or make such consents or to make such filings or notifications would not prevent, impede or, in any material respect,
delay or adversely affect the performance by such Sponsor Party of its obligations under this Agreement.

2.4 No
Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Sponsor Party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not:

(a) violate
or conflict with any provision of, or result in the breach of or default under the Governing Documents of such Sponsor Party (if such
Sponsor Party is not a natural person);

(b) violate
or conflict with any provision of, or result in the breach of, or default under, or require any consent, waiver, exemption or approval
under, any Applicable Law or Governmental Order applicable to such Sponsor Party;

(c) violate
or conflict with any provision of, or result in the breach of, result in the loss of any right or benefit, require any consent, cause
acceleration, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination,
amendment, cancellation or acceleration) under any Contract to which such Sponsor Party is a party or by which such Sponsor Party may
be bound, or terminate or result in the termination of any such Contract; or

(d) result
in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of such Sponsor Party;

except, in the case of clauses (b) through
(d), to the extent that the occurrence of the foregoing would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent
or materially adversely affect the ability of such Sponsor Party to perform its obligations hereunder or consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.

2.5 Company
Securities. Such Sponsor Party is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Subject Shares set forth opposite such Sponsor Partys
name on Schedule A hereto, and all such Subject Shares are owned by such Sponsor Party free and clear of all Liens, other than
Liens pursuant to the BSII Governing Documents, this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, the letter agreements, each dated as of August 27,
2024, among BSII, Sponsor and certain officers, directors, and advisors of BSII in the form attached as Exhibit 10.1 to BSIIs
current report on Form 8-K filed August 27, 2024 (the Letter Agreements) or applicable securities laws.
Such Sponsor Party does not own legally or beneficially any Subject Shares other than as set out in Schedule A. Such
Sponsor Party has the sole right to vote its Subject Shares, and none of its Subject Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement,
arrangement or restriction with respect to the voting of its Subject Shares, except as contemplated by the Governing Documents of the
Sponsor (in the case of the Sponsor), this Agreement, or the Letter Agreements.

3

2.6 Business
Combination Agreement. Such Sponsor Party understands and acknowledges that BSII, Merger Sub and the Company are entering into the
Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon the Sponsor Parties execution and delivery of this Agreement. Such Sponsor Party
has received a copy of the finalized Business Combination Agreement delivered to each Sponsor Party on January 27, 2025,
is familiar with the provisions of the Business Combination Agreement, and has consented to (and hereby consents to) BSIIs entry
into the Business Combination Agreement.

2.7 Adequate
Information. Such Sponsor Party is a sophisticated investor and has adequate information concerning the business and financial condition
of BSII and the Company to make an informed decision regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement and has independently and without reliance upon BSII or the Company and based on such information as such Sponsor Party has
deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Such Sponsor Party acknowledges that BSII and the
Company have not made and do not make any representation or warranty to such Sponsor Party, whether express or implied, of any kind or
character except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

2.8 Restricted
Securities. Such Sponsor Party understands that the Company Ordinary Shares that it may receive in connection with the Transactions
including upon exercise, settlement, conversion or exchange of any other securities received in connection with the Transactions, may
be restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and, if such Sponsor Party is an affiliate
of the Company or BSII, control securities as such term is used under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
and that, pursuant to these laws, such Sponsor Party must hold such Company Ordinary Shares indefinitely unless (a) they are registered
with the SEC and qualified by state authorities, or (b) an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available.

2.9 Litigation
and Proceedings.

(a) There
are no pending or, to the knowledge of such Sponsor Party, threatened, legal proceedings against such Sponsor Party or any of
its properties or assets; and

(b) there
is no outstanding Governmental Order imposed upon such Sponsor Party; nor are any properties or assets of such Sponsor Party or
its businesses (if applicable) bound or subject to any Governmental Order;

except,
in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially adversely affect the ability
of such Sponsor Party to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

3. PRE-CLOSING
SUPPORT AND CERTAIN COVENANTS

Each Sponsor Party, severally and not jointly,
hereby covenants and unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to the Company and BSII during the term of this Agreement as follows:

3.1 Agreement
to Vote in Favor of Transactions. At any meeting of the shareholders of BSII called, held or convened to seek the BSII Shareholder
Approval, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or in connection with any written resolution or consent of the shareholders
of BSII or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent, waiver or other approval with respect to the Business Combination Agreement,
any Ancillary Agreements, the Merger, or any other Transaction is sought or required under the Governing Documents or Contract of BSII
or otherwise (the Other BSII Approvals), such Sponsor Party shall:

(a) if
a meeting is held, appear at such meeting (in person or, where proxies are permitted, by proxy) or otherwise cause all of its Subject
Shares to be counted as present at such meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum; and

4

(b) vote
or cause to be voted (including by class vote and/or written consent or resolution, if applicable) all of its Subject Shares in favor
of granting the BSII Shareholder Approval and the Other BSII Approvals and, if there are insufficient votes in favor of granting the
BSII Shareholder Approval and/or the Other BSII Approvals, in favor of the adjournment or postponement of such meeting of the shareholders
of BSII to a later date.

3.2 Agreement
to Vote Against Other Matters. At any meeting of the shareholders of BSII or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or in connection
with any written resolution or consent of the shareholders of BSII or in any other circumstances upon which such Sponsor Partys
vote, consent or other approval is sought, such Sponsor Party shall vote (or cause to be voted) all of its Subject Shares (including
by withholding its class vote and/or written consent or resolution, if applicable) against any Acquisition Transaction.

3.3 No
Other Proxies. Each Sponsor Party represents and warrants that no proxies of any nature (other than the proxy given pursuant to Section 3.4)
have been given in respect of any of its Subject Shares.

3.4 Irrevocable
Power of Attorney. Each Sponsor Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally grants to, and appoints, in the event that such Sponsor
Party shall for whatever reason fail to perform any of its obligations under Section 3.1, BSII and any individual designated in
writing by BSII, and each of them individually, as such Sponsor Partys lawful attorney and proxy (with full power of substitution),
for and in the name, place and stead of such Sponsor Party, to vote all of its Subject Shares, or grant a written consent or approval
or approve a written resolution in respect of all of its Subject Shares in a manner consistent with Section 3.1 (the Irrevocable
Power of Attorney), and execute, deliver and take on each such Sponsor Party's behalf and in the name of such Sponsor Party,
all deeds, documents, and steps necessary for obtaining the BSII Shareholder Approval and the Other BSII Approvals as contemplated in
Section 3.1. Each Sponsor Party understands and acknowledges that BSII and the Company are entering into the Business Combination
Agreement in reliance upon such Sponsor Partys execution and delivery of this Agreement. Each Sponsor Party hereby affirms that
the Irrevocable Power of Attorney is given in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, and that such irrevocable
power of attorney is given to secure the performance of the duties of such Sponsor Party under this Agreement. Each Sponsor Party hereby
further affirms that the Irrevocable Power of Attorney is coupled with a proprietary interest of BSII and may under no circumstances
be revoked. Each Sponsor Party hereby ratifies and confirms all that the Irrevocable Power of Attorney may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof. The Irrevocable Power of Attorney granted hereunder shall only terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.
Promptly upon the written request of the Company or BSII, each Sponsor Party shall duly execute and deliver a separate proxy instrument,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to BSII, making specific reference to the BSII Shareholder Approval and the Other BSII
Approvals, as applicable.

5

3.5 No
Pre-Closing Transfer. Other than pursuant to this Agreement or as expressly contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, or
the Ancillary Agreements, from the date hereof and until the Closing or, if earlier, termination of this Agreement, such Sponsor Party
shall not:

(a) directly
or indirectly, (i) lend, sell, transfer, tender, grant, charge, mortgage, pledge, assign or otherwise encumber, grant a security
interests in, assign or otherwise dispose of (including by gift, tender or exchange offer, merger or operation of law), encumber, hedge,
swap, convert or utilize a derivative to transfer the economic interest in (collectively, Transfer), or (ii) enter
into any Contract, option or other binding arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement) with respect to the Transfer of, any
Subject Shares to any person;

(b) grant
any proxies or enter into any voting arrangement, whether by proxy, voting agreement, voting trust, voting deed or otherwise (including
pursuant to any loan of Subject Shares) with respect to any Subject Shares, or enter into any other Contract with respect to any Subject
Shares that would prohibit or prevent the satisfaction of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement;

(c) take
any action that would make any representation or warranty of such Sponsor Party herein untrue or incorrect, or have the effect of preventing
or disabling such Sponsor Party from performing its obligations hereunder;

(d) commit
or agree to take any of the foregoing actions or take any other action or enter into any Contract that would reasonably be expected to
make any of its representations or warranties contained herein untrue or incorrect or would have the effect of preventing or delaying
such Sponsor Party or BSII from performing any of its obligations hereunder; or

(e) announce
any intention to effect any such transaction specified in this sentence,

other than any Transfer (x) between any
Sponsor Party and any of its Affiliates and any of the Sponsor Parties and their Affiliates respective executive officers
and directors, or (y) upon the prior written consent of the Company and BSII, provided in each case that such transferee shall enter
into a written agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company and BSII, agreeing to be bound by this Agreement
to the same extent as such Sponsor Party was prior to such Transfer. Any action attempted to be taken in violation of the preceding sentence
will be null and void. Each Sponsor Party agrees with, and covenants to, BSII and the Company (or any of its directors, secretaries or
authorized representatives) that such Sponsor Party shall not request that BSII register the Transfer (by book-entry or otherwise) of
any certificated or uncertificated interest representing any of the Subject Shares.

3.6 Waiver
of Dissent Rights. Such Sponsor Party shall not apply to any Governmental Authority claiming that the BSII Shareholders Approval,
Other BSII Approvals, Business Combination Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, Merger or any other Transaction is oppressive or unfairly
discriminatory to or otherwise prejudicial to, or undertaken without due regard to the interests of, any member, shareholder or holder
of debentures of BSII or any other Person. Such Sponsor Party shall not commence, join in, facilitate, assist or encourage any claim
or action challenging the validity of this Agreement, or alleging any breach of any law or duty in connection with the Transactions or
alleging that the BSII Shareholders Approval, Other BSII Approvals, Business Combination Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, or any other
Transaction is oppressive or unfairly discriminatory to or otherwise prejudicial to, or undertaken without due regard to the interests
of, any member, shareholder or holder of debentures of BSII or any other Person, and hereby releases BSII from all actions, proceedings,
claims and demands whatsoever which such Sponsor Party has, has had, or will have under or arising out of this Agreement. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, each Sponsor Party hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to exercise or assert, any dissenters
rights under Section 238 of the Cayman Islands Companies Act and any other similar statute in connection with the Merger.

6

3.7 No
Redemption. Each Sponsor Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, from the date hereof and until the termination of this
Agreement, such Sponsor Party shall not elect to cause BSII to redeem any Subject Shares now or at any time legally or beneficially owned
by such Sponsor Party, and shall not submit to surrender any of its Subject Shares for redemption.

3.8 Letter
Agreement. Each of the Sponsor Parties and BSII hereby agrees that from the date hereof until the termination of this Agreement,
none of them shall, or shall agree to, amend, modify or vary the applicable Letter Agreement, except as expressly contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement or other Ancillary Agreements to which the Company or Merger Sub is a party.

3.9 Waiver
of Anti-Dilution Protection. Subject to, and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Merger and effective as of immediately prior
to the effective time of the Merger, Sponsor, in its capacity as the holder of at least a majority of the BSII Class B Ordinary
Shares in the issue, hereby waives, and agrees not to exercise, assert or claim, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any
adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in Article 18.2 of the BSII Governing Document with respect to the BSII Class B
Ordinary Shares, that may result pursuant to Article 18.2(c) of the BSII Governing Document from the issuance of Company Ordinary
Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement or any Subscription Agreement; provided,
that the foregoing waiver does not waive Article 18.7 of the BSII Governing Document, which provides that in no event may any BSII
Class B Ordinary Share convert into BSII Class A Ordinary Share at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

4. OTHER
AGREEMENTS

4.1 Board
Observers. From and after the Closing until the date falling two (2) years after the Closing Date, the Sponsor shall, (i) so long
as it and its Affiliates collectively hold no less than five percent (5%) of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Company,
be entitled to designate by way of written notice to the Company up to two (2) representatives, who may be different individuals from
time to time as designated by the Sponsor, to attend all meetings of the Company Board in a non-voting observer capacity, and (ii) for
so long as it and its Affiliates collectively hold less than five percent (5%) but no less than three percent (3%) of the issued and
outstanding ordinary shares of the Company, be entitled to designate by way of written notice to the Company up to one (1) representative
to attend all meetings of the Company Board in a non-voting observer capacity (the Observer(s)). The Company shall
give each Observer copies of all materials that are provided to the Company Board; provided, that each Observer shall agree to
hold in confidence and trust all information so provided and, if requested by the Company, enter into a customary confidentiality agreement
with the Company in a form acceptable to the Company acting reasonably. If and when the Sponsor and its Affiliates collectively hold
less than three percent (3%) of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Company, each Observer shall resign from the Company
Board.

7

4.2 Disclosure.

(a) Each
Sponsor Party shall be bound by and comply with the Confidentiality Agreement, dated September 19, 2024, by and among BSII and World
Media and Entertainment Group, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement) and Section 12.12
(Publicity) of the Business Combination Agreement (including any relevant defined terms used in such Confidentiality Agreement
and provision) as if such Sponsor Party was an original signatory to the Confidentiality Agreement and Business Combination Agreement
with respect to such provisions.

(b) Each
Sponsor Party hereby authorizes the Company and BSII to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure required by the SEC or
pursuant to any Applicable Law such Sponsor Partys identity and ownership of Subject Shares, the nature of such Sponsor Partys
obligations under this Agreement and (if deemed appropriate by the Company and BSII) a copy of this Agreement. Each Sponsor Party will
promptly provide any information reasonably requested by the Company and BSII for any regulatory application or filing made or approval
sought in connection with the Transactions.

4.3 Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms. Upon the occurrence
of the Closing, (i) this Agreement (excluding Section 3.6 and Article 4) shall immediately terminate, (ii) Section 3.6
shall survive in accordance with its terms, and (iii) Article 4 shall survive indefinitely. Upon termination of
this Agreement (or a portion hereof), no party shall have any liability hereunder other than for its willful and material breach of this
Agreement (or such terminated portion) prior to such termination.

4.4 Further
Assurances. Each Sponsor Party shall, from time to time, (i) execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered,
such additional or further consents, documents and other instruments as the Company or BSII may reasonably request for the purpose of
effectively carrying out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
and (ii) refrain from exercising any veto right, consent right or similar right under BSII or the Companys Governing Documents
which would materially impede, disrupt, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of the Merger or any other Transaction.
If any Sponsor Party acquires record or beneficial ownership of any Subject Shares following the date of this Agreement (or becomes aware,
following the date hereof, of its record or beneficial ownership of any Subject Shares as of the date hereof, which shares are not already
set forth on Schedule A), such Sponsor Party shall promptly notify the Company and BSII, and Schedule A shall be updated
to reflect such Sponsor Partys ownership of such additional Subject Shares.

8

4.5 Sponsor
Parties. Each Sponsor Party signs this Agreement solely in such Sponsor Partys capacity as a shareholder of BSII, and not
in any other capacity. No Sponsor Party shall be liable or responsible for any breach, default or violation of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement hereunder by any other Sponsor Party and each Sponsor Party shall solely be required to perform its obligations
hereunder in its individual capacity. As promptly as practicable and in any event within 30 days following the date of this Agreement,
Sponsor and BSII shall exercise their respective reasonable best efforts to procure that each Person listed on Schedule A who
has not yet executed and delivered this Agreement shall join this Agreement as a Sponsor Party by duly executing and delivering to the
Company and BSII a counterpart to this Agreement.

4.6 Notice.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by
overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to BSII or the Company in accordance with Section 12.03 (Notices) of the
Business Combination Agreement and to each Sponsor Party at its address set forth on Schedule A hereto (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice).

4.7 Miscellaneous.
The provisions of Sections 12.04 (Assignment), 12.05 (Rights of Third Parties), 12.07 (Governing Law), 12.08
(Dispute Resolution and Waiver of Jury Trial), 12.09 (Headings and Captions; Counterparts), 12.10 (Entire Agreement),
12.11 (Amendments) and 12.15 (Enforcement) of the Business Combination Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis
mutandis, as if set forth in full herein.

[Signature pages follow]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.

By: /s/ Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Name: Feridun Hamdullahpur 

Title: Director 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Samuel Chau 

Name: Samuel Chau 

Title: Director 

[Signature Page to
Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO

By: /s/ Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

Name: Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

Title: Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Name: Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Title: Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to
Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED for and on behalf of:

BLACK SPADE SPONSOR LLC II

By: /s/ Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

Name: Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

Title: Manager 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Name: Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Title: Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to
Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED by:

CHI WAI DENNIS TAM

/s/ Chi Wai Dennis Tam 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Name: Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Title: Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement
and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED
AS A DEED by:

SHING JOE KESTER NG

/s/ Shing Joe Kester Ng 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Richard Kirby Taylor 

Name: Richard Kirby Taylor 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

[Signature Page to
Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above as a Deed.

EXECUTED AS A DEED by:

RICHARD KIRBY TAYLOR

/s/ Richard Kirby Taylor 

In the presence of: 

Witness: /s/ Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Name: Shing Joe Kester Ng 

Title: Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement and Deed]

List of Omitted Schedules:

Schedule A Particulars of Sponsor Parties and Subject Shares

Schedule B Form of Spousal Consent
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [], 2025, is made and entered into by
and among World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the
Cayman Islands (the Company) and each of the Persons listed on Schedule 1 hereto (each a Holder).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business
Combination Agreement) dated as of January 27, 2025, by and among the Company, WME Merger Sub Limited, an exempted company
incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Merger Sub)
and Black Spade Acquisition II Co, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (BSII),
among other matters, Merger Sub will merge with and into BSII, with BSII continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company (the consummation of such merger, the Closing);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Business
Combination Agreement, prior to the effective time of the Closing, the Company will adopt the fourth amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association in the form attached to the Business Combination Agreement as Annex A (the Listing
Articles);

WHEREAS, at the Closing, (i) all of the outstanding
shares of BSII (other than BSII Dissenting Shares) will automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive
newly issued Company Class A Ordinary Shares; and (ii) each outstanding BSII Warrant will be exchanged for one Company Warrant
pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement;

WHEREAS,
that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 27, 2024, between BSII and the Sponsor (the Prior
SPAC Agreement) shall be terminated with effect from the Closing; and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to enter into
this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant registration rights to the Holders on the terms and conditions set out in this
Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations,
covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 The
terms defined in this Section 1.1 shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below. Capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement:

Adverse
Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, (a) which disclosure, in the good
faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company,
(i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement
or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading, and (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed,
declared effective or used, as the case may be, and (b) as to which the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making
such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Block
Trade shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.9.1.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

BSII
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

BSII
Warrants means the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants.

Business
Combination Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Business
Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or another day on which commercial banks located in the Cayman Islands,
New York or Hong Kong are authorized or required by law or executive order to be closed.

Closing
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Commission
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Company
Class A Ordinary Shares shall mean the Class A Ordinary Shares, as defined in the Listing Articles.

Company
Class B Ordinary Shares shall mean the Class B Ordinary Shares, as defined in the Listing Articles.

2

Company
Shares shall mean, collectively, Company Class A Ordinary Shares and Company Class B Ordinary Shares.

Company
Warrants shall mean the warrants to acquire Company Class A Ordinary Shares issued to holders of Private Placement
Warrants and Public Warrants pursuant to the terms of the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

Demanding
Holder shall have the meaning given in Section 2.4.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Form F-1
shall mean such form under the Securities Act as in effect on the date hereof or any successor registration form under the Securities
Act subsequently adopted by the Commission.

Form F-1
Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form F-3
shall mean such form under the Securities Act as in effect on the date hereof or any registration form under the Securities Act
subsequently adopted by the Commission that permits forward incorporation of substantial information by reference to other documents
filed by the Company with the Commission.

Form F-3
Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.3.

Holder
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Lock-Up
Agreements shall mean, collectively, the Shareholders Support Agreement and the Sponsor Support Agreement.

Maximum
Number of Securities shall mean, as to a given Underwritten Offering, the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of
equity securities that can be sold in such Underwritten Offering, in the reasonable determination of the managing Underwriter(s), without
adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering.

Merger
Sub shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

New
Registration Statement shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Other
Coordinated Offering shall have the meaning given in Section 2.4.

3

Permitted
Transferees shall mean a person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such
Registrable Securities prior to the expiration of the lock-up period under the applicable Lock-Up Agreements, and to any transferee thereafter.

Person
means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint
venture, joint stock company, governmental authority or instrumentality or other entity of any kind.

Piggyback
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.8.1.

Private
Placement Warrants shall mean (i) the 11,000,000 warrants exercisable for shares of BSII issued pursuant to that
certain Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 27, 2024, between BSII and the Sponsor and (ii) the 120,000 warrants
exercisable for shares of BSII issued in connection with the Sponsors partial exercise of the over-allotment option on September 26,
2024.

Public
Warrants shall mean the 5,100,000 warrants exercisable for shares of BSII sold as part of the units in BSIIs
initial public offering.

Prior
SPAC Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro
Rata shall mean, with respect to a given Registration, offering or Transfer of Registrable Securities pursuant to this
Agreement, pro rata based on (A) the number of Registrable Securities that each Holder, as applicable, has requested or proposed
to be included in such Registration, offering or Transfer and (B) the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that all Holders
have requested or proposed to be included in such Registration, offering or Transfer.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as
amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable
Securities shall mean:

(A) any outstanding Company Shares or Company
Warrants that are held by a Holder as of immediately following the Closing;

(B) any Company Shares that may be acquired
by a Holder upon the exercise of a Company Warrant or any other option or right to acquire Company Shares that is held by a Holder as
of immediately following the Closing;

(C) any Company Shares or Company Warrants
to purchase Company Shares otherwise acquired or owned by a Holder following the date hereof to the extent that such securities are restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) or are otherwise held by an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of
the Company; and

4

(D) any other equity security of the Company
issued or issuable with respect to any securities referenced in clauses (A) through (C) above by way of a stock dividend
or stock split or in connection with a recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction; provided,
however, as to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (i) a
Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities
shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (ii) such securities
shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have
been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities
Act; (iii) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (iv) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker,
dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction or (v) the holder of such securities is able
to immediately sell such securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act without volume or manner of sale limitations; provided
that securities ceasing to be Registrable Securities by reason of this clause (v) shall again become Registrable Securities
during any period in which there is no adequate current public information with respect to the Company available under Rule 144
(c) of the Securities Act or any period where sales of such securities under Rule 144 are again subject to volume or manner
of sale limitations.

Registration
shall mean a registration, including any related Underwritten Takedown, effected by preparing and filing a registration statement
or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including the following:

(A) all
registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.)
and any securities exchange on which the Company Class A Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(B) fees
and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters
in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing,
messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable
fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such
Registration;

(F) the
Companys roadshow and travel expenses, if any;

(G) the
fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with such Registration;

5

(H) the
Companys internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of the Companys and its subsidiaries
officers and employees and all overhead costs of the Company and its subsidiaries);

(I) reasonable
fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Underwritten
Takedown; and

(J) all
other out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration,

in each case, excluding Underwriters commissions and any related
transfer taxes attributable to the sale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, and the fees and disbursements of legal counsel to the
selling Holders, in an Underwritten Takedown, Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of
this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and
supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement
(other than a registration statement on Form F-4, Form S-4 or Form S-8, or their successors, or any registration statement
covering only securities proposed to be issued in exchange for securities or assets of another entity).

Remaining
Securities shall have the meaning given in Section 2.3.1.

Requesting
Holder shall have the meaning given in Section 2.5.

SEC
Guidance shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf
shall mean the Form F-1 Shelf, the Form F-3 Shelf or any Subsequent Shelf, as the case may be.

Shelf
Registration shall mean a Registration of securities pursuant to a Registration Statement filed with the Commission
in accordance with and pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule then in effect).

Significant
Holder shall mean AMTD Digital Inc., AMTD IDEA Group and AMTD Group Inc.

Sponsor
shall mean Black Spade Sponsor LLC II, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

Sponsor
Parties means (a) the Sponsor; and (b) each Person listed in rows 6 through 18 of Schedule 1.

Sponsor
Parties Representative shall have the meaning given in subsection 5.14.1.

Subsequent
Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.2.

6

Takedown
Demand shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.4.1.

Takedown
Threshold shall have the meaning given in Section 2.4.

Transfer
shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase
or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position
or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with
respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in
cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part
of such dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company
are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Underwritten
Takedown shall have the meaning given in Section 2.4.

ARTICLE 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Resale
Shelf Registration.

2.1.1 The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (a) file within thirty (30) days following the Closing, and use reasonable efforts
to cause to be declared effective as soon as practicable thereafter, a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration on Form F-1
(the Form F-1 Shelf) covering the resale of (i) all the Registrable Securities held by the Holders
other than Significant Holders (determined as of two (2) Business Days prior to such filing) unless as otherwise notified in writing
by such Holder to the Company at least five (5) Business Days prior to such filing; and (ii) all or part of the Registrable
Securities held by the Significant Holders, as shall be notified in writing by the relevant Significant Holder to the Company at least
five (5) Business Days prior to such filing, on a delayed or continuous basis, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to have
such Shelf declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, and (b) keep such Form F-1 Shelf continuously
effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as a Form F-3 Shelf is
declared effective pursuant to Section 2.1.3.

2.1.2 Such
Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally
available to, and requested by, any Holder named therein.

2.1.3 Following
the filing of a Form F-1 Shelf, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to convert and/or file, and to cause to become effective,
the Form F-1 Shelf (and each Subsequent Shelf) to a Shelf Registration on Form F-3 (the Form F-3 Shelf)
as soon as practicable, and in any event within sixty (60) days, after the Company is eligible to use Form F-3.

7

2.2 Rule 415
Cutback.

2.2.1 Notwithstanding
the registration obligations set forth in Section 2.1, in the event the Commission informs the Company that all requested
Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a
single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly (a) inform each of the Holders and use its reasonable efforts to file
amendments to the Shelf Registration as required by the Commission and/or (b) withdraw the Shelf Registration and file a new Registration
Statement (a New Registration Statement), on Form F-3, or if Form F-3 is not then available to
the Company for such Registration Statement, on such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary
offering; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment or New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its
reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all requested Registrable Securities in accordance with any
publicly-available written or oral guidance, comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff (the SEC Guidance),
including the Manual of Publicly Available Telephone Interpretations D.29.

2.2.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if from time to time any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation of the number
of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding
that the Company used reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater number of Registrable
Securities) (such maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered, the Maximum Registrable Number),
unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities and subject to a determination by the Commission that
certain Holders must be reduced first based on the number of Registrable Securities held by such Holders, the Company shall prioritize
the Registration of (a) first, all of the Registrable Securities held by the Sponsor Parties, and each Person listed in rows 4 and 5
of Schedule 1 on a Pro Rata basis, and (b) second, to the extent the Maximum Registrable Number has not been reached, after the applicable
of the foregoing limb (a), the Registrable Securities held by the Significant Holders on a Pro Rata basis. For the avoidance of doubt,
each Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company may amend (or withdraw and refile) any Registration Statement filed pursuant
to this Agreement in order to give effect to this Section 2.2.

2.2.3 If
the Company amends the Shelf Registration or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, under this Section 2.2,
the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance,
one or more registration statements on Form F-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities
that were not registered for resale on the Shelf Registration, as amended, or the New Registration Statement.

8

2.3 Maintenance,
Amendment, Supplement and Subsequent Shelf.

2.3.1 The
Company shall use reasonable efforts to maintain each Shelf in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and shall prepare and file
with the Commission from time to time such amendments and supplements to the Shelf as may be necessary (a) to keep the Shelf continuously
effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable
Securities and (b) to register the resale of all or any Registrable Securities held by the Significant Holders that are not registered
for resale on the Form F-1 Shelf initially filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 2.1.1 (the Remaining
Securities).

2.3.2 If
a Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities are still outstanding,
the Company shall, subject to Section 3.4, use reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable (a) cause
such Shelf to again become effective under the Securities Act (including using reasonable efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of
any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf), (b) amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal
of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf, or (c) prepare and file an additional Registration Statement for a Shelf
Registration (a Subsequent Shelf) registering the resale of (i) all the Registrable Securities held
by the Holders other than the Significant Holders (determined as of two (2) Business Days prior to such filing) unless as otherwise
notified in writing by such Holder to the Company at least five (5) Business Days prior to such filing; and (ii) all or part
of the Remaining Securities, as shall be notified in writing by the relevant Significant Holder(s) to the Company at least five
(5) Business Days prior to such filing.

2.3.3 If
a Subsequent Shelf is filed pursuant to Section 2.3.2, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to (a) cause such Subsequent
Shelf to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof, and (b) keep
such Subsequent Shelf continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such
time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. Any such Subsequent Shelf shall be on Form F-3 to the extent that the Company
is eligible to use such form, and shall be an automatic shelf registration statement as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the
Securities Act if the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act at the
most recent applicable eligibility determination date. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf shall be on another appropriate form.

2.4 Demand
for Underwritten Takedown. Subject to the Lock-Up Agreements and to the provisions of this Section 2.4 and Sections 2.5
and 3.4, at any time and from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file with the Commission, any Holder(s) of the
then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders) may request to sell all or a portion of
their Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade or an Other Coordinated Offering, in each case that is registered
pursuant to the Shelf (each, an Underwritten Takedown) in accordance with this Section 2.4; provided
that, the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Takedown if such Underwritten Offering shall include Registrable
Securities proposed to be sold by the Demanding Holder with a total offering price reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, US$7,500,000.

9

2.4.1 Takedown
Demand Notice. All requests for an Underwritten Takedown shall be made by giving written notice to the Company, which notice shall
specify the number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Takedown (such written notice, a Takedown
Demand).

2.4.2 Underwriters.
The majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Takedown shall have the right to select the Underwriter(s) for
such Underwritten Offering (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks). The Company
shall not be required to include any Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Takedown unless such Holder accepts the
terms of the underwriting as agreed between the Company and its Underwriter(s) in customary form and enters into and complies with
an underwriting agreement with such Underwriter(s) in customary form (after having considered and taken reasonable account of comments
of a single U.S. counsel for the Holders which are selling in the Underwritten Takedown). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, the Company may effect any Underwritten Takedown pursuant to any then effective Registration Statement, including a Form F-3,
that is then available for such offering.

2.4.3 Number
and Frequency of Underwritten Takedowns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.4, under no circumstances
shall the Company be obligated to effect (a) more than an aggregate of two (2) Underwritten Takedowns within the first year
following the Closing or (b) for the period commencing one year after the Closing, more than one (1) Underwritten Takedown
within any three-month period.

2.5 Reduction
of Underwritten Takedown. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Takedown Demand,
in good faith, advises the Company and the Demanding Holders and the Holders requesting piggy back rights pursuant to this Agreement
with respect to such Underwritten Offering (such Demanding Holders and other requesting Holders, the Requesting Holders)
(if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders
(if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Company Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and
the Company Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration
rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then the Company shall include in
such Underwritten Offering:

2.5.1 first,
the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities (to be allocated Pro Rata among the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders if the Registrable Securities desired
to be sold by such Holders in the aggregate would exceed the Maximum Number of Securities);

2.5.2 second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing subsection 2.5.1, the Company
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and

10

2.5.3 third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing subsections 2.5.1 and 2.5.2,
any Company Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to any
separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.6 Effective
Registration. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, a Registration will not count as an Underwritten Takedown until
the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Underwritten Takedown has been declared effective and the Company
has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect to such Underwritten Takedown; provided, however,
that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Underwritten
Takedown is interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission or any other governmental agency or court, the Registration
Statement with respect to such Demand Registration will be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such
stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority in interest of the Demanding Holders,
thereafter elects to continue the offering; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration
Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to such Demand Registration becomes effective
or is subsequently terminated.

2.7 Withdrawal
of Underwritten Takedown.

2.7.1 Prior
to the filing of the applicable preliminary or red herring Prospectus used for marketing an Underwritten Takedown, a majority-in-interest
of the relevant Demanding Holders shall have the right to withdraw from such Underwritten Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon
written notification to the Company, each other Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder, and the applicable Underwriter(s).

2.7.2 Following
the receipt of any notice of withdrawal pursuant to subsection 2.7.1, the other Demanding Holders and Requesting
Holders, provided they collectively qualify as Demanding Holders pursuant to Section 2.4 and the Takedown Threshold
would still be satisfied, may elect to continue with the Underwritten Offering and such continued Takedown Demand shall count as a
Takedown Demand of the continuing Demanding Holders for purposes of subsection 2.4.3 and not of the withdrawing
Demanding Holders.

2.7.3 If
following a request under subsection 2.7.1 an Underwritten Takedown is withdrawn and not continued pursuant to subsection 2.7.2,
then the withdrawn Takedown Demand shall count as an Underwritten Takedown for purposes of subsection 2.4.3 (unless one or
more of the Demanding Holders reimburse the Company for all Registration Expenses with respect to such Underwritten Takedown, in which
case it shall not count as an Underwritten Takedown).

11

2.8 Piggyback
Registration.

2.8.1 Piggyback
Rights. Subject to subsection 2.9.3, if the Company or any shareholder of the Company proposes to conduct a registered
offering of, or if the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Registration of,
equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its
own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company, including an
Underwritten Takedown pursuant to Section 2.4), other than a Registration Statement (a) filed in connection with any
employee share option or other benefit plan, (b) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing
shareholders, (c) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company, (d) for a dividend reinvestment
plan, or (e) for a rights offering, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing or offering to all of the
Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such
Registration Statement, or, in the case of an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the applicable preliminary red
herring Prospectus or prospectus supplement used for marketing such offering, which notice shall (x) describe the amount
and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing
Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (y) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity
to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within ten (10) days after
receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). Subject to subsection 2.8.2,
the Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use reasonable
best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities
requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.8.1 to be included in such Piggyback Registration on the same terms
and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of
such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The inclusion of any Holders
Registrable Securities in a Piggyback Registration shall be subject to such Holders agreement to enter into and comply with an
underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) duly selected for such Underwritten Offering.

2.8.2 Reduction
of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback
Registration advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that
the dollar amount or number of the Company Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (x) the
Company Shares or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been demanded pursuant to separate
written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (y) the Registrable
Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.8 hereof, and (z) the Company Shares or
other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual
piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If
the Registration or registered offering is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration
or registered offering:

(i) first,
the Company Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities;

12

(ii) second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities
of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.8.1 that can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (to be allocated Pro Rata among such Holders if the Registrable Securities desired
to be sold by such Holders in the aggregate, when combined with those desired to be sold by the Company, would exceed the Maximum Number
of Securities); and

(iii) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Company
Shares or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to written contractual
piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and

(b) If
the Registration or registered offering is pursuant to a demand by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities,
then the Company shall include in any such Registration or registered offering:

(i) first,
the Company Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such demanding persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(ii) second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Company Shares or other
equity securities that the Company desires to sell, Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(iii) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Registrable
Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.8.1, which
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

(iv) fourth,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the
Company Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant
to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities.

(c) If
the Registration or registered offering is pursuant to a request by Holder(s) of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.4,
then the Company shall include in any such Registration or registered offering securities pursuant to Section 2.5.

13

2.8.3 Piggyback
Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for
any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration or in the case of a Shelf Registration,
prior to the filing of the applicable preliminary or red herring Prospectus used for marketing of the relevant offering
or takedown thereunder. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons
pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with
a Piggyback Registration (excluding a Piggyback Registration by Holder(s) in connection with an Underwritten Takedown under Sections 2.1
to 2.6) at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration
prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.8.3.

2.8.4 Unlimited
Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.8 shall not be
counted as an Underwritten Takedown for purposes of subsection 2.4.3, and there shall be no limit on the number of Piggyback
Registrations.

2.9 Block
Trades; Other Coordinated Offerings.

2.9.1 Notwithstanding
the foregoing (but subject to Section 3.4), at any time and from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file with the
Commission, if a Demanding Holder wishes to engage in an underwritten or other coordinated registered offering not involving a roadshow,
including (i) an offer commonly known as a block trade (a Block Trade) and (ii) an
at-the-market or similar registered offering through a broker, sales agent or distribution agent, whether as agent or principal
(an Other Coordinated Offering), either (x) with a total offering price reasonably expected to exceed, in the
aggregate, US$5,000,000 or (y) where the Demanding Holder is a Significant Holder or the Sponsor, in respect of all remaining Registrable
Securities held by such Holder, then such Holder shall notify the Company and any Significant Holders and the Sponsor of the Block Trade
or Other Coordinated Offering at least five (5) Business Days prior to the day such offering is to commence and the Company shall
as expeditiously as possible use reasonable efforts to facilitate such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering; provided that
the Holders representing a majority of the Registrable Securities wishing to engage in the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering
shall use reasonable efforts to work with the Company and any Underwriters or placement agents or sales agents prior to making such request
in order to facilitate preparation of the Registration Statement, Prospectus and other offering documentation related to the Block Trade
or the Other Coordinated Offering and any related due diligence and comfort procedures, in accordance with subsections 3.1.11
and 3.1.12.

2.9.2 Prior
to the filing of the applicable red herring Prospectus or prospectus supplement used in connection with a Block Trade or
an Other Coordinated Offering, a majority-in-interest of the Holders initiating such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall
have the right to withdraw upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) or placement agents
or sales agents (if any). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration
Expenses incurred in connection with a Block Trade or an Other Coordinated Offering prior to its withdrawal under this Section 2.9.2.
A Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering withdrawn pursuant to this Section 2.9.2 shall nonetheless be counted as a demand
for purposes of Section 2.9.5.

14

2.9.3 Only
Significant Holders or the Sponsor may exercise Piggyback Registration rights in connection with a Block Trade; with respect to any other
Holders from time to time, Section 2.8 hereof shall not apply to a Block Trade initiated by a Holder pursuant to this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the time periods provided for in Section 2.8, in a Significant Holders or the Sponsors exercise
of Piggyback Registration rights in connection with a Block Trade, the Company and the initiating Holder(s) shall not be obligated
to include such Significant Holders or the Sponsors Registrable Securities in such Block Trade unless requested to do so
in writing within the Business Day immediately following the date on which notice of the Block Trade is given pursuant to subsection 2.9.1.

2.9.4 The
initiating Holder(s) in a Block Trade shall have the right to select the Underwriters for such Block Trade (which shall consist
of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks).

2.9.5 Holders
in the aggregate may demand no more than one (1) Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering pursuant to this Section 2.9
in any three (3) month period, and no more than four (4) Block Trades or other Coordinated Offerings pursuant to
this Section 2.9 within the first twelve (12) months following the Closing. For the avoidance of doubt, any Block Trade pursuant
to this Section 2.9 shall not be counted as an Underwritten Takedown for purposes of subsection 2.4.3.

2.10 Market
Stand-Off Agreement. The Company and each Holder given an opportunity to participate in an Underwritten Offering of equity securities
of the Company (other than a Block Trade) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement agrees that it shall not Transfer any Company Shares
or other equity securities of the Company (other than those included in such offering pursuant to this Agreement, and excepting any Transfers
between or among Significant Holders or any Transfers between or among the Sponsor Parties), without the prior written consent of the
managing Underwriters, during the ninety (90)-day period (or such shorter time agreed to by the managing Underwriters) beginning on the
date of pricing of such offering. The Company and each Holder agrees to execute a customary lock-up agreement in favor of the relevant
Underwriters to such effect (in the case of a Holder, in each case on substantially the same terms and conditions as all such Holders).
If any Holder or any director or executive officer of such Holder participating in such Underwritten Offering enters into an agreement
relating to the subject matter set forth in this section on terms and conditions that are less restrictive than those agreed to herein
(or such terms and conditions are subsequently relaxed including as a result of a modification, waiver, amendment, or written consent
of the Board), then the less restrictive or relaxed terms and conditions shall apply to each other Holder.

15

ARTICLE 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General
Procedures. In connection with any Shelf and/or Underwritten Takedown, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to effect such Registration
to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto
the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare
and file with the Commission a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use reasonable efforts to cause
such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities;

3.1.2 prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the
Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by any Holder that holds at least five percent (5%) of the Registrable Securities registered
on such Registration Statement, or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions
applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the
Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are disposed of in accordance
with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior
to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters,
if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such
Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including
all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including
each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such
Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior
to any public offering of Registrable Securities, (a) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may reasonably request and
(b) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with
or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do
any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such
Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required
to qualify or take any action which would subject it to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not
then otherwise so subject;

16

3.1.5 cause
all such Registrable Securities to be listed on the national securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the Company are
then listed;

3.1.6 provide
a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date
of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise
each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly, and in no event later than one (1) Business Day, after it shall receive
notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly take all actions reasonably required to prevent
the entry of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be entered;

3.1.8 at
least five (5) Business Days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
to such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement
or Prospectus, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel (excluding any exhibits thereto and
any filing made under the Exchange Act that is to be incorporated by reference therein), and providing copies promptly upon receipt of
any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereof,
and thereafter, take reasonable account of comments of counsel to such seller;

3.1.9 notify
the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act,
of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
a Misstatement, and then to promptly correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit
a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders), the Underwriters,
if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense
(other than with respect to Registration Expenses), in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers,
directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant
in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representative, or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality
agreement, in customary form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

3.1.11 obtain
a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten
Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant to such Registration
(subject to such broker, placement agent or sales agent providing such certification or representation reasonably requested by the Companys
independent registered public accountants and the Companys counsel) in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily
covered by cold comfort letters for a transaction of its type as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably
satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

17

3.1.12 in
the event of an Underwritten Registration, on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration,
obtain (a) an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to
the participating Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with
respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the participating Holders, placement agent, sales agent,
or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest
of the participating Holders, and (b) a negative assurance (10b-5) letter, dated such date, of counsel
representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters,
if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such 10b-5 letter is being given as the placement
agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such 10b-5 letters;

3.1.13 in
the event of any Underwritten Offering, Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering that is registered pursuant to a Registration Statement,
enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, a sales agreement or a placement agreement, in usual and customary
form, with the managing Underwriter, sales agent or placement agent of such offering;

3.1.14 make
available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12)
months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement
which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule then
in effect);

3.1.15 with
respect to an Underwritten Offering pursuant to Section 2.4, use reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of
the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in
such Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise,
in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the participating Holders,
consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration
Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that each
Holder shall bear any Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees and Underwriter marketing costs (if reimbursable
to the Underwriter(s)), and any related transfer taxes attributable to the sale of such Holders Registrable Securities in connection
with any Underwritten Takedown and that the selling Holders shall bear the fees and disbursements of legal counsel to the selling Holders.

18

3.3 Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. Each Holder shall provide such information as may reasonably be required by the Company,
or the managing Underwriter or placement agent or sales agent, if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement
or Prospectus, including amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect the Registration of any Registrable Securities under
the Securities Act pursuant to Article 2 and in connection with the Companys obligation to comply with federal and
applicable state securities laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any Holder does not provide such information,
the Company may exclude such Holders Registrable Securities from the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus if the Company
determines, based on the advice of reputable external counsel, that such information is necessary to effect the Registration and such
Holder continues thereafter to withhold such information. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities
of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person:

3.3.1 agrees
to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any customary underwriting arrangements approved by the Company (after
having considered and taken reasonable account of comments of a single U.S. counsel for the Holders which are selling in the Underwritten
Offering); and

3.3.2 completes
and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary
documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

The exclusion of a Holders Registrable Securities as a result
of this Section 3.3 shall not affect the Registration of the other Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration.

3.4 Suspension
of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains
a Misstatement (including pursuant to subsection 3.1.9), each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable
Securities until it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that
the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice),
or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. In addition, if the filing, initial effectiveness
or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would (a) require the inclusion in such
Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, or
(b) in the good faith view of the Company, require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure, the Company may, upon giving prompt
written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement
for the period of time determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose; provided, however, that
the Company shall not have the right to exercise the rights set forth in this Section 3.4 more than twice or for more than
sixty (60) consecutive days or more than a total of one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days, in each such case in any twelve (12)-month period.
In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt
of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell
Registrable Securities. The Company shall promptly notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights
under this Section 3.4.

19

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it remains a reporting company
under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings; provided that any documents publicly filed
or furnished with the Commission pursuant to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system shall be deemed to have been
furnished or delivered to the Holders pursuant to this Section 3.5. The Company further covenants that it shall take such
further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Company
Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule then in effect). Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver
to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

ARTICLE 4

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification
by the Company. To the extent permitted by law, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of Registrable Securities,
its officers, directors, attorneys and agents, and each person, if any, who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities
Act) (each, a Holder Indemnified Party), from and against all losses, judgments, claims, damages, liabilities and
expenses (including without limitation reasonable outside attorneys fees), whether joint or several, arising out of or that are
based upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary
Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arising out of or that are based upon any omission or alleged omission
of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the
Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action
or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration, except insofar as the same are (x) caused by or contained
in any information or affidavit furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or (y) based on any
such Holders violation of federal securities laws or failure to sell the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended
plan of distribution contained in the Prospectus. The Company shall promptly reimburse the Holder Indemnified Party for any reasonable
expenses properly incurred by such Holder Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any proceeding or action to
which this Section 4.1 applies (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of legal counsel), loss, judgment, claim,
damage, liability or action, except insofar as such proceeding or action (x) are caused by or are based on any information or affidavit
furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in the relevant Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary
Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or (y) are based on any such Holders violation of federal securities
laws or failure to sell the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution contained in the Prospectus.

20

4.2 Information
Provided by Holders. In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating,
such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection
with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus. To the extent permitted by law, each Holder shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, its officers, directors, attorneys and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities
Act) from and against all losses, judgements, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable outside
attorneys fees), whether joint or several, arising out of or that are based upon any untrue statement of material fact contained
in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that
such untrue statement or omission was contained in any information or affidavit furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly
for use therein, or if such losses, judgements, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses are based on any such Holders violation
of the federal securities laws or failure to sell the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution contained
in the Prospectus; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint or joint and several,
among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion
to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.

4.3 Indemnification
Process.

4.3.1 Any
person entitled to indemnification herein shall:

(a) give
prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the
failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not
materially prejudiced the indemnifying party); and

(b) permit
an indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party.

4.3.2 If
such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party
without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

4.3.3 The
indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (but no more than one (1) such separate counsel, which counsel
is reasonably acceptable to the indemnifying party) to represent the indemnified party and its controlling persons who may be subject
to liability arising out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the indemnified party against the indemnifying party,
with the reasonably incurred fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by such indemnifying party if the indemnified party and the
indemnifying party are named as defendants and, based upon the written opinion of counsel of such indemnified party, representation of
both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing
interests between them.

21

4.3.4 No
indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the indemnified party is or could have been a party
and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party which (i) cannot be settled in all respects by the payment
of money (and if any such money is required to be paid under such judgment or settlement it shall be so paid by the indemnifying party
pursuant to the terms of such judgment or settlement), or (ii) settlement includes a statement or admission of fault or culpability
on the part of an indemnified party or (iii) settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant
or plaintiff to each indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.3.5 The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer
of securities.

4.4 Contribution.
If the indemnification provided under Sections 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3 from the indemnifying party is judicially
determined to be unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in connection
with the actions or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of any indemnifying party and any indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other
things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission
to state a material fact, was made by (or omitted to be made by, in the case of an omission), or relates to information supplied by (or
not supplied by, in the case of an omission), such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified
partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission; provided,
however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.4 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds
actually received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability, and no Holder shall have any liability for contribution
to the extent that such Holder would not have been liable for indemnification pursuant to this Agreement. The amount paid or payable
by an indemnified party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations
set forth in subsections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 above, legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably
incurred by such indemnified party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be
just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other
method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.4. No
person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled
to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.4 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

22

ARTICLE 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices.
All general notices, demands or other communications required or permitted to be given or made hereunder (Notices)
shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by courier or sent by electronic mail to the intended recipient thereof. Any such
Notice shall be deemed to have been duly served (a) if given personally or sent by local courier, upon delivery during normal business
hours at the location of delivery or, if later, then on the next Business Day after the day of delivery; (b) if sent by electronic
mail during normal business hours at the location of delivery, immediately, or, if later, then on the next Business Day after the day
of delivery; or (c) the third Business Day following the day sent by reputable international overnight courier (with written confirmation
of receipt). Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to the principal office of the Company
or to such email address or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 5.1,
with a copy to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark, 15 Queens Road Central,
Hong Kong, to the attention of Shu Du, and if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as set forth in Schedule 1
(as updated from time to time, including pursuant to Section 5.2.5) or to such Holders address as found in the
Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to
the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided
in this Section 5.1. Any Holder not desiring to receive Notices at any time and from time to time may so notify the other
parties, who shall thereafter not make, give or deliver any Notice to such Holder until duly notified otherwise (or until the expiry
of any period specified in such Holders notice).

5.2 Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or
in part.

5.2.2 No
Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in
connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees
to become bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. After the expiration of the lock-up period applicable to such Holder pursuant
to any Lock-Up Agreement, the Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in
whole or in part, to any person to whom it transfers Registrable Securities; provided that such Registrable Securities remain
Registrable Securities following such transfer, and such person agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5.2.3 This
Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and
the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this
Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

23

5.2.5 No
assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company
unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof
and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in the form attached as an Exhibit hereto (an Addendum Agreement),
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2
shall be null and void. The execution of an Addendum Agreement by the parties thereto shall constitute a permitted amendment of this
Agreement notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.9. Upon a transfer or assignment made in accordance with this Section 5.2,
Schedule 1 shall be deemed updated accordingly to reflect the removal of the assignor and addition of the assignee.

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including by electronic means), each of which shall be deemed an original, and
all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced. Counterparts may be delivered via
facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com)
or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes.

5.4 Governing
Law; Venue. Each party expressly agrees that this Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of New York , without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would
require or permit the applicable of laws of another jurisdiction. Any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be brought in federal and state courts located in the State of New York,
and each of the parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of each such court, waives any obligation it may now or hereafter
have to personal jurisdiction, venue or to convenience of forum, agrees that all claims in respect of any cause of action may be heard
and determined only in any such court, and agrees not to bring any cause of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby in any other court. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the right of any party to serve
process in any manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against any other party in any other jurisdiction,
in each case, to enforce judgments obtained in any action brought pursuant to this Section 5.4. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

5.5 Remedies.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would
occur in the event that the parties hereto do not perform their obligations under the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with
its specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) such parties shall be
entitled to an injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without proof of damages and without posting a bond, prior to the valid termination of this
Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled under this Agreement, and (b) the right of specific
enforcement is an integral part of the transactions contemplated hereby and without that right, none of the parties hereto would have
entered into this Agreement. Each party agrees that it will not oppose the granting of specific performance and other equitable relief
on the basis that the other parties hereto have an adequate remedy at law or that an award of specific performance is not an appropriate
remedy for any reason at law or equity. The parties acknowledge and agree that any party seeking an injunction to prevent breaches of
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 5.5
shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such injunction.

24

5.6 Severability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any specific provision of this Agreement shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any of its
other provisions. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed reformed, if practicable, to the extent
necessary to render it valid and enforceable and to the extent permitted by law and consistent with the intent of the parties to this
Agreement.

5.7 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are
no agreements, representations, warranties, covenants or understandings among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof other
than those expressly set forth herein and therein. This Agreement supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings between the
parties with respect to such subject matter.

5.8 Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of
strict construction will be applied against any party. Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) or is disjunctive
but not exclusive; (b) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; (c) the words hereof,
herein, hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and section and subsection references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified;
(d) the term including is not limiting and means including without limitation; (e) whenever the
context requires, any pronouns used herein shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms; (f) references to
agreements and other documents shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications or supplements thereto; and
(g) references to statutes shall include all regulations promulgated thereunder and references to statutes or regulations shall
be construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute or regulation. The
headings, subheadings and captions contained in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only, and in no way define,
limit or describe the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.

5.9 Amendments
and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least fifty percent (50%) of the Registrable Securities
at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the
foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of the shares
of capital stock of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the
prior written consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or
any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as
a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement
by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

25

5.10 Termination
of Existing Registration Rights. The registration rights granted under this Agreement shall supersede any registration, qualification
or similar rights of the Holders with respect to any shares or securities of BSII or the Company granted under any other agreement, and
any of such preexisting registration, qualification or similar rights and such agreements shall be terminated and of no further force
and effect.

5.11 Other
Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right
to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration
filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person, and that this Agreement supersedes
any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such
agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.12 Effectiveness
of this Agreement.

5.12.1 This
Agreement shall take effect as of and from the Closing; provided, that if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated prior
to the Closing, this Agreement shall not become effective and shall be deemed void.

5.12.2 With
effect from the Closing, each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to exercise or enforce any rights it may
have in respect of the registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to any other agreement including, without limitation, the Prior
SPAC Agreement.

5.13 Term.
This Agreement shall terminate, with respect to any Holder, on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 3.2, Section 3.5 and ARTICLE 4 shall survive any
termination.

5.14 Sponsor
Parties Representative.

5.14.1 Each
Sponsor Party hereby irrevocably appoints the Sponsor to act as the Sponsor Parties representative (the Sponsor
Parties Representative) for all purposes under this Agreement. Any notice by any party to the Sponsor Parties Representative
made in accordance with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a notice to all of the Sponsor Parties, and any notice of any Sponsor Party
to the Company or any other party shall be valid only if given by the Sponsor Parties Representative. The Company and each other party
shall be entitled to rely on a notice or instruction from the Sponsor Parties Representative on behalf of a Sponsor Party.

26

5.14.2 The
Sponsor undertakes that, and the Sponsor Parties agree that, prior to the Sponsor (i) ceasing to hold any Registrable Securities
or (ii) undertaking any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the Sponsor shall designate the Sponsor Party holding the largest
number of Registrable Securities at such time as the Sponsor Parties Representative, and the provisions of
this sentence shall also apply subsequently, mutatis mutandis, if any such Sponsor Party ceases to hold Registrable Securities or undertakes
any liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

[Signature Pages Follow]

27

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

World
Media and Entertainment Universal Inc.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

BLACK SPADE SPONSOR LLC II

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

AMTD DIGITAL INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

AMTD IDEA GROUP

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

AMTD GROUP INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

SOUTH HORIZON OCEANS (GROUP)
CO. INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

RADISSON EVERTON VENTURE FUND

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

CHI WAI DENNIS TAM

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

SHING JOE KESTER NG

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

RICHARD KIRBY TAYLOR

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

RUSSELL WILLIAM GALBUT

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

ROBERT STEVEN MOORE

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

PO YI PATSY CHAN

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

WING HONG SAMMY HSIEH

[Signature Page to Registration
Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

YUEN WAI SAMUEL TSANG

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

CHUNG YIK LEE

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

LUXI LI

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

SEK YAN HO

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
written above.

CHIU YI ZOE TSE

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

List of Omitted Schedule and Exhibit:

Schedule I

Exhibit Addendum Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION
AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of ,
is entered into by and among World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under
the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company), Black Spade Acquisition II Co, an exempted company incorporated with
limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (BSII), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent) and amends the Warrant Agreement (the Existing
Warrant Agreement), dated as of August 27, 2024, by and between BSII and the Warrant Agent, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Annex A. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Existing
Warrant Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof and pursuant to
the Existing Warrant Agreement, BSII issued 11,120,000 Private Placement Warrants to Sponsor and 5,100,000 Public Warrants;

WHEREAS, all of the Warrants are governed by the
Existing Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS,
the Company, WME Merger Sub Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of
the Company (Merger Sub) and BSII entered into the Business Combination Agreement on January 27, 2025, (the Business
Combination Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will merge with and into BSII (the Merger),
with BSII surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

WHEREAS, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including the Merger, will constitute a Business Combination
as defined in the Existing Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS, upon consummation of the Merger, as provided
in Section 4.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement and Section 3.06 of the Business Combination Agreement, the Warrants will
no longer be exercisable for Class A ordinary shares of BSII, par value $0.0001 per share, but instead exchanged for a warrant
to subscribe for one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Company Class A ordinary
share, such warrant, Company Warrant) and the Company Warrants will be exercisable (subject to the terms
and conditions of the Existing Warrant Agreement, as amended hereby) for Company Class A ordinary shares;

WHEREAS, in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement, BSII desires to assign to the Company, and the Company desires to assume, all of BSIIs
rights, interests and obligations under the Existing Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS, Section 9.8(iii) of the Existing
Warrant Agreement provides that all parties to the Existing Warrant Agreement may amend the Existing Warrant Agreement without the consent
of any Registered Holder with respect to matters or questions arising under the Existing Warrant Agreement as the parties thereto may
deem necessary or desirable and that the parties thereto deem do not adversely affect the rights of the Registered Holders under the
Existing Warrant Agreement in any material respect; and

1

WHEREAS,
as a result of this Agreement, each Warrant will be exchanged for a warrant for one Company Class A ordinary share pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended by this Agreement).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
agreements herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and intending to be legally bound, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

1.Assignment
and Assumption; Consent.

1.1. Assignment
and Assumption. As of and with effect on and from the effective time of the Merger (the Merger Effective Time),
BSII hereby assigns to the Company all of BSIIs right, title and interest in and to the Existing Warrant Agreement; and the Company
hereby assumes, and agrees to pay, perform, satisfy and discharge in full, as the same become due, all of BSIIs liabilities and
obligations under the Existing Warrant Agreement arising on, from and after the Merger Effective Time. As a result of the preceding sentence,
each Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, which was exercisable for one Class A ordinary shares
of BSII, will be exchanged for a warrant for one Company Class A ordinary share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Existing
Warrant Agreement (as amended by this Agreement).

1.2. Consent.
The Warrant Agent hereby consents to (a) the assignment of the Existing Warrant Agreement by BSII to the Company and the assumption
of the Existing Warrant Agreement by the Company from BSII, in each case pursuant to Section 1.1, and (b) the
continuation of the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended by this Agreement), in full force and effect from and after the Merger Effective
Time.

2.Amendment
of Existing Warrant Agreement. Effective as of the Merger Effective Time, the Company and the Warrant Agent hereby amend the Existing
Warrant Agreement as provided in this Section 2, and acknowledge and agree that the amendments to the Existing
Warrant Agreement set forth in this Section 2 (a) are necessary and desirable and do not adversely affect
the rights of the Registered Holders under the Existing Warrant Agreement in any material respect and (b) are to provide for the
Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section 4.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement (in connection with the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement).

2.1. References
Change.

2.1.1.Agreement
or Warrant Agreement. Each reference to this Agreement, Warrant Agreement, hereof,
herein, hereunder, hereby and each other similar reference contained in the Existing Warrant
Agreement (including all exhibits thereto) shall, from and after the effectiveness of this Agreement, refer to the Existing Warrant Agreement
as amended by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, references to the date of the Existing Warrant Agreement and references
in the Existing Warrant Agreement to the date hereof, the date of this Agreement and other similar references
shall in all instances continue to refer to August 27, 2024.

2.1.2.Business
Combination. All references to Business Combination in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all exhibits
thereto) shall be references to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, and references to the completion
of the Business Combination and all variations thereof in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all exhibits thereto) shall
be references to the Closing (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement).

2

2.1.3.Company.
All references to the Company in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all exhibits thereto) shall be references to
(a) prior to the Merger Effective Time, BSII, and (b) from and after the Merger Effective Time, the Company.

2.2. Other
Amendments.

2.2.1.Company
ordinary shares. All references to Class A ordinary shares in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all exhibits
thereto) shall be references to (a) prior to the Merger Effective Time, Class A ordinary shares of BSII, par value $0.0001
per share, and (b) from and after the Merger Effective Time, Company Class A ordinary shares.

2.2.2.Physical
Certificates. The sentence Physical certificates, if issued, shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman
of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary or other principal officer of the
Company. in subsection 2.3.1 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with Physical certificates
shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signatures of, a Director of the Company.

2.2.3.SEC
Filings. All references to Annual Report on Form 10-K and Current Report on Form 8-K in subsection
3.3.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced with Annual Report on Form 20-F and Current
Report on Form 6-K, respectively. The reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in subsection 3.3.5
of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted. The reference to Current Report on Form 8-K in Section 4.5
of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with Current Report on Form 6-K.

2.2.4.Companys
Officers. The reference to the Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary or
the Chairman of the Board in subsection 8.4.1 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the
Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

2.2.5.Notices.
Section 9.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

Any notice, statement or demand authorized
by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently
given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days
after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent),
as follows:

World
Media and Entertainment Universal Inc.

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681,

Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands

Attention: Feridun Hamdullahpur

Email:
feridun.hamdullahpur@amtd.world

3

With a copy to:

Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

c/o 42/F Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark 15

Queens Road Central, Hong Kong

Attention: Shu Du

Email: shu.du@skadden.com

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be
given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered
if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of
such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

2.2.6.Exhibit A.
Exhibit A (Form of Warrant Certificate) annexed to the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with Exhibit A
(Form of Warrant Certificate) annexed to this Agreement.

3.Miscellaneous
Provisions.

3.1. Effectiveness
of the Agreement. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be expressly
subject to the occurrence of the Merger and the immediate subsequent occurrence of the Closing (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement) and shall automatically be terminated and shall be null and void if the Business Combination Agreement shall be terminated
for any reason.

3.2. Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company, BSII or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure
to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

3.3. Applicable
Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in
all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application
of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Subject to applicable law, the Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or
claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of
New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which
jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

3.4. Appointment
of Agent for Service of Process. The Company will at all times have an authorized agent in the City of New York to receive on its
behalf service of any and all process, notices or other documents that may be served in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of
or relating to the Warrants, the Existing Warrant Agreement or this Agreement. Service of process upon such agent shall to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action
or proceeding. The Company hereby appoints as
its agent for such purpose, and covenants and agrees that all service of process in any suit, action or proceeding may be made upon it
at the office of such agent at . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, with prior written notice to the Warrant Agent,
terminate the appointment of and appoint
another agent for the above purposes so that the Company shall at all times have an agent for the above purposes in the City of New York.
The Company hereby agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain the designation and appointment of such agent in
full force and effect until the sixth anniversary of the later of (a) the date on which the last outstanding Warrant is exercised
and (b) the last occurring Expiration Date.

4

3.5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall
constitute one instrument. Delivery of this Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile, electronic mail (including
any electronic signature complying with the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State Tech. 301-309), as
amended from time to time, or other applicable law) or other transmission method, and the parties hereto agree that any counterpart so
delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

3.6. Effect
of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

3.7. Severability.
This Agreement shall be severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Pages Follow]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

WORLD
MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

BLACK
SPADE ACQUISITION II CO

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement]

List of Omitted Exhibit and Annex:

Exhibit A Form of Warrant Certificate

Annex A Existing Warrant Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

PLAN OF MERGER

THIS PLAN OF MERGER is made on [ ]
2025.

BETWEEN

(a) WME
Merger Sub Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
on November 25, 2024, with its registered office situated at the office of Conyers
Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman,
KY1-1111, Cayman Islands (Merger Sub);

(b) Black Spade Acquisition II Co,
an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on May 9, 2024,
with its registered office situated at the office of Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited,
71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106 (BSII
or the Merger Surviving Company and together with Merger Sub, the Constituent
Companies); and

(c) World
Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., an exempted company incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands on February 7, 2023, with its registered office situated at the
office of Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive,
PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands (the Company).

WHEREAS

(a) Merger
Sub and BSII have agreed to merge (the Merger) on the terms and conditions
contained or referred to in a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 27,
2025 as may be amended and modified from time to time, the Agreement),
between BSII, the Company and Merger Sub, a copy of which is attached as Appendix I
to this Plan of Merger and under the provisions of Part XVI of the Companies Act (As
Revised) (the Companies Act), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge
with and into BSII and cease to exist, and the Merger Surviving Company will continue as
the surviving company in the Merger at the Merger Effective Time.

(b) The sole shareholder of Merger Sub and
the shareholders of the Merger Surviving Company have authorised this Plan of Merger on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and otherwise in accordance with the
Companies Act.

(c) Terms used in this Plan of Merger and
not otherwise defined in this Plan of Merger shall have the meanings given to them in the
Agreement.

INTERPRETATION

1. The following rules apply in this Plan of Merger unless the context
requires otherwise:

(a) Headings are for convenience only and
do not affect interpretation.

(b) The singular includes the plural and
the converse.

(c) A gender includes all genders.

(d) Where a word or phrase is defined, its
other grammatical forms have a corresponding meaning.

(e) A reference to any agreement, deed or
other document (or any provision of it), includes it as amended, varied, supplemented, extended,
replaced, restated or transferred from time to time.

(f) A reference to any legislation (or any
provision of it) includes a modification or re-enactment of it, a legislative provision substituted
for it and any regulation or statutory instrument issued under it.

APPENDIX

Appendix
I forms part of this Plan of Merger and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this Plan of Merger. Any reference
to this Plan of Merger includes Appendix I.

CONSTITUENT COMPANIES

2. The constituent companies (as defined in the
Companies Act) to the Merger are Merger Sub and BSII.

NAME OF THE SURVIVING COMPANY

3.
The surviving company (as defined in the Companies Act) is the Merger Surviving Company which shall continue to be named Black
Spade Acquisition II Co.

REGISTERED OFFICE

4. The registered office of BSII at the time
of this Plan of Merger is at the office of Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited, 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman
Islands, KY1-1106. The registered office of Merger Sub is at the office of Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, Hutchins
Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. At the Merger Effective Time, the Merger Surviving Company shall have
its registered office at the office of Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand
Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

AUTHORIZED AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL

5. Immediately prior to the Merger Effective
Time (as defined below), the authorized share capital of Merger Sub is US$50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of US$1.00 par value
per share (Merger Sub Shares), of which one Merger Sub Share has been issued and is fully paid and outstanding.

6. Immediately prior to the Merger Effective
Time, the authorized share capital of BSII is US$16,650 divided into (a) 150,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par value
of US$0.0001 each (BSII Class A Ordinary Shares), (b) 15,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par
value of US$0.0001 each (BSII Class B Ordinary Shares), and (c) 1,500,000 preference shares of a par value
of US$0.0001 each (BSII Preference Shares), of which [ ]
BSII Class A Ordinary Shares have been issued and are fully paid and outstanding, 3,825,000 BSII Class B Ordinary Shares have
been issued and are fully paid and outstanding, and no BSII Preference Shares are issued and outstanding.

7. At the Merger Effective Time, the authorized
share capital of the Merger Surviving Company shall be US$16,650 divided into (a) 150,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a
par value of US$0.0001 each (Merger Surviving Company Class A Ordinary Shares), (b) 15,000,000 Class B
ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each (Merger Surviving Company Class B Ordinary Shares), and (c) 1,500,000
preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each (Merger Surviving Company Preference Shares and together with
the Merger Surviving Company Class A Ordinary Shares and the Merger Surviving Company Class B Ordinary Shares, collectively
the Merger Surviving Company Shares).

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MERGER

8. The terms and conditions of the Merger, including
the manner and basis of converting shares in each Constituent Company into shares in the Merger Surviving Company or other property as
provided in Section 233(5) of the Companies Act, including into Company Ordinary Shares, are set out in the Agreement.

9. The Company undertakes and agrees (it being
acknowledged that the Company will be the sole shareholder of the Merger Surviving Company following the effectiveness of the Merger)
in consideration of the Merger to issue the Company Exchange Shares in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.

10. At the Merger Effective Time, the rights
and restrictions attaching to Merger Surviving Company Shares are set out in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
of BSII adopted by special resolution on 13 August 2024 (the Existing M&A).

EFFECTIVE TIME

11. The Merger shall take effect on the date on which this Plan of Merger is registered by the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands (the Registrar)
in accordance with Section 233(13) of the Companies Act unless, with the agreement of the Company, the Constituent Companies shall
deliver a notice to the Registrar signed by a director of each of the Constituent Companies specifying a later time and date in accordance
with Section 234 of the Companies Act, in which case the effective time of the Merger shall be such later time and date specified
in such notice to the Registrar (the Merger Effective Time).

PROPERTY

12. At the Merger Effective Time, all the rights,
property of every description including choses in action, and the business, undertaking, goodwill, benefits, immunities and privileges
of each of the Constituent Companies shall vest in the Merger Surviving Company which shall be liable for and subject, in the same manner
as the Constituent Companies, to all mortgages, charges, or security interests and all Contracts, obligations, claims, debts and liabilities
of each of the Constituent Companies.

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION AND ARTICLES OF
ASSOCIATION

13. At the Merger Effective Time, the memorandum
and articles of association of the Merger Surviving Company shall be in the form of the Existing M&A.

DIRECTORS BENEFITS

14. No amounts or benefits are or shall be paid
or payable to any director(s) of either of the Constituent Companies consequent upon the Merger becoming effective.

DIRECTORS OF THE SURVIVING COMPANY

15. The name and address of the director[s] of
the Merger Surviving Company is/are as follows:

NAME ADDRESS

[ ] [ ]

[ ] [ ]

SECURED CREDITORS

16. Neither of the Constituent Companies has
any secured creditors1 and neither Constituent Company has granted any fixed or floating security interests that are outstanding
as at the date of this Plan of Merger.

AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION

17. At any time prior to the Merger Effective
Time, this Plan of Merger may be amended by the board of directors of both BSII and Merger Sub in accordance with section 235(1) of
the Companies Act, including to:

(a) change
the Merger Effective Time provided that the new Merger Effective Time shall not be a date
later than the ninetieth (90th) day after the date of registration of this Plan of
Merger by the Registrar; or

(b) effect any changes to this Plan of Merger
which the directors of both BSII and Merger Sub deem advisable, provided that such
changes do not materially adversely affect any rights of the shareholders of BSII or Merger
Sub, as determined by the directors of both the BSII and Merger Sub, respectively.

18.
At any time prior to the Merger Effective Time, this Plan of Merger may be terminated by the board of directors of both the BSII and
Merger Sub, provided that such termination is in accordance with section 12.01 of the Agreement.

19. If this Plan of Merger is amended or terminated
in accordance with Clauses 17 or 18 after it has been filed with the Registrar but before it has become effective, the Constituent Companies
shall file notice of the amendment or termination (as applicable) with the Registrar in accordance with Sections 235(2) and 235(4) of
the Companies Act and shall distribute copies of such notice in accordance with section 235(3) of the Companies Act.

APPROVAL AND AUTHORIZATION

20. This Plan of Merger has been approved by
the board of directors of each of Merger Sub and BSII pursuant to section 233(3) of the Companies Act.

21. This Plan of Merger has been authorized by
the shareholders of each of Merger Sub and BSII pursuant to section 233(6) of the Companies Act.

1 Constituent companies to confirm.

COUNTERPARTS

22. This Plan of Merger may be executed and delivered
(including by email of PDF or scanned versions or by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

GOVERNING LAW

23. This Plan of Merger shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands.

[Signature pages follow.]

IN
WITNESS whereof this Plan of Merger has been entered into by the parties on the day and year first above written.

SIGNED for and on behalf of WME
Merger Sub Limited ) 

) 

) Duly Authorised Signatory

) 

) Name: 

) 

) Title: Director

SIGNED for and on behalf of BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO ) 

) 

) Duly Authorised Signatory

) 

) Name: 

) 

) Title: Director

SIGNED for and on behalf of WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL INC. )

) 

) Duly Authorised Signatory

) 

) Name: 

) 

) Title: 

Appendix I

Business Combination
Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

PRESS RELEASE

WORLD MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT UNIVERSAL TO
GO PUBLIC THROUGH BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO

World
Media and Entertainment Universal Inc. (WME) is a global media and entertainment
company covering high fashion, arts, lifestyle, cultural, entertainment and luxury hospitality.

WMEs
diverse portfolio includes LOfficiel, one of the oldest and iconic fashion
magazines in the world, The Art Newspaper, one of the top publications of the art
industry internationally and a leading source of information in the art world, and a global
portfolio of premium hotels properties.

Black
Spade Acquisition II Co (BSII) and WME are combining at a transaction equity
value of approximately US$488 million.

Existing
shareholders of WME, including AMTD Digital Inc. and AMTD IDEA Group, are expected to retain
their interests in WME, and AMTD Digital Inc., AMTD IDEA Group and AMTD Group Inc. have committed
to a 3-year lock-up of their interests without disposal, underlining their continued confidence
in WMEs strategy and outlook.

Non-redeeming
public shareholders of BSII will be eligible to receive US$1.25 per share from the combined
company in a post-transaction payment.

HONG KONG January 27,
2025 World Media and Entertainment
Universal Inc. (WME or the Company), a global media and entertainment company, and Black Spade
Acquisition II Co (Nasdaq: BSII, BSII) announced today that they have entered into a business combination agreement.
Upon the completion of the transactions contemplated by the business combination agreement, the combined company will retain its
name World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc. and its headquarters in Paris, and its ordinary shares will be
listed on a U.S. stock exchange.

The business combination values WME at an equity value of
approximately US$488 million, not including cash from BSIIs approximately US$153 million of cash in trust (assuming no BSII shareholders
elect to have their BSII shares redeemed for cash as permitted).

The transaction is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to regulatory
and shareholder approvals, and other customary closing conditions. After the transaction, assuming no BSII shareholders elect to have
their BSII shares redeemed for cash as permitted, existing shareholders of WME will hold over 70% of the combined company.

Dr. Feridun
Hamdullahpur, Chairman of the Board, World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., said: WME is excited to enter
into a long-term strategic partnership with Black Spade. As a dynamic, forward-thinking, innovative global media and entertainment company,
we seek global partners who share our values, vision, and integrity to reach new heights. Black Spade distinguishes itself as one such
partner. On behalf of the entire WME family and our board of directors, I am looking forward to the growth steps we will take together.
WME listing, subject to customary closing conditions, will become AMTD Groups third listed company to be, after AMTD IDEA Group
and AMTD Digital Inc.

Mr. Dennis
Tam, Executive Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO, Black Spade Acquisition II Co, said: Following on the success
of our first business combination with VinFast Auto in 2023, we are excited to announce that WME, known for its iconic LOfficiel
magazine and The Art Newspaper, will go public through a De-SPAC transaction with BSII. With a growing hospitality and culturtainment
portfolio, WME is well-positioned for meaningful growth and global expansion. Luxury and entertainment are core to Black Spades
business, and this transaction will unlock value for shareholders while allowing WME to expand its global footprint to leverage upon
Black Spades network of resources and connectivity.

Additional information about the proposed transaction, including a
copy of the business combination agreement, is available in BSIIs Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2025
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at www.sec.gov.

More information about the proposed transaction will also be described
in WMEs registration statement that includes BSAQ IIs proxy statement and WMEs prospectus in relation to the business
combination, which will be filed with the SEC.

***

About World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc.

World Media and Entertainment Universal Inc., jointly established
by AMTD Group, AMTD IDEA Group (NYSE: AMTD; SGX: HKB) and AMTD Digital Inc. (NYSE: HKD), is headquartered in France and focuses on global
strategies and developments in multi-media, entertainment, and cultural affairs worldwide as well as hospitality and VIP services. WME
comprises LOfficiel, The Art Newspaper, movie and entertainment projects, collectively a diversified media and entertainment portfolio
of businesses, and a global portfolio of premium properties.

About Black Spade Acquisition II Co

Black Spade Acquisition II Co (BSII) is a blank check
company incorporated for the purpose of effecting a business combination (Special Purpose Acquisition Company or SPAC). Listed on the
Nasdaq, BSII was founded by Black Spade Capital, which runs a global portfolio consisting of a wide spectrum of cross-border investments,
and consistently seeks to add new investment projects and opportunities to its portfolio. BSII is Black Spade Capitals second
SPAC. Black Spade Capitals first SPAC completed its business combination with VinFast Auto Ltd., a Vietnamese electric vehicle
company, in August 2023. At the time, it was the third largest ever de-SPAC by deal value (based on Dealogic data available through
April 2024).

Advisors

Clear
Street LLC and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, are serving as joint financial advisors
and joint lead capital markets advisors to BSII. Latham & Watkins LLP is serving as U.S. legal counsel to BSII. Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is serving as U.S. legal counsel to WME. Clifford Chance is serving as intellectual property
counsel to WME.

***

Forward-Looking Statements Legend

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws with respect to the proposed
transaction between WME and BSII, including statements regarding the benefits of the transaction, the anticipated benefits of the transaction,
the Company or BSIIs expectations concerning the outlook for the Companys business, productivity, plans and goals for product
launches, deliveries and future operational improvement and capital investments, operational performance, future market conditions or
economic performance and developments in the capital and credit markets and expected future financial performance, as well as any information
concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company. These forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend,
strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should,
will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions. Forward-looking statements are their managements current predictions, projections and other statements about future
events that are based on current expectations and assumptions available to the Company and BSII, and, as a result, are subject to risks
and uncertainties. Any such expectations and assumptions, whether or not identified in this document, should be regarded as preliminary
and for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as being necessarily indicative of future results. Many factors could
cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document, including but not limited to: (1) the
occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of definitive agreements with respect
to the proposed business combination; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against BSII, the combined
company or others following the announcement of the business combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; (3) the
amount of redemption requests made by BSII public shareholders and the inability to complete the business combination due to the failure
to obtain approval of the shareholders of BSII, to obtain financing to complete the business combination or to satisfy other conditions
to closing and; (4) changes to the proposed structure of the business combination that may be required or appropriate as a result
of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the business combination; (5) the ability
to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the business combination; (6) the risk that the business
combination disrupts current plans and operations of the Company as a result of the announcement and consummation of the business combination;
(7) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the business combination; (8) costs related to the business combination;
(9) risks associated with changes in laws or regulations applicable to the Companys diverse business lines and the Companys
international operations; (10) the possibility that the Company or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic,
geopolitical, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) the Companys ability to anticipate trends and respond to changing customer
preferences for fashion, arts and entertainment content and for lodging; and (12) negative perceptions or publicity of the brands of
the Company. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. You
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section
of the Companys registration statement on Form F-4 to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC), and other documents filed by the Company and/or BSII from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify
and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and all forward-looking statements in this document are qualified by these cautionary statements.
The Company and BSII assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. Neither the Company nor BSII gives
any assurance that either the Company or BSII will achieve its expectations. The inclusion of any statement in this communication does
not constitute an admission by the Company or BSII or any other person that the events or circumstances described in such statement are
material.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This document relates to a proposed transaction between the Company
and BSII. This document does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities,
nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The Company intends to file a registration statement on Form F-4
that will include a proxy statement of BSII and a prospectus of the Company with the SEC. After the registration statement is declared
effective, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all BSII shareholders as of a record date to be established for
voting on the proposed transaction. BSII also will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. This document
does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed transactions and is not intended to form the basis
of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the transactions. Before making any voting or investment decision, investors
and shareholders of BSII are urged to read the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents
filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction as they become available because they will contain
important information about the proposed transaction.

Investors and shareholders will be able to obtain free copies of the
registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by BSII
through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, the documents filed by BSII may be obtained by written request
to BSII at Black Spade Acquisition II Co, Suite 2902, 29/F, The Centrium, 60 Wyndham Street, Central Hong Kong.

Participants in Solicitation

BSII and the Company and their respective directors and officers may
be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from BSIIs shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction.
Information about BSIIs directors and executive officers and their ownership of BSIIs securities is set forth in Black
Spades filings with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of those persons and other persons who may be deemed
participants in the proposed transaction may be obtained by reading the proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transaction
when it becomes available. Shareholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the proxy statement/prospectus
carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents as
described in the preceding paragraph.

Contact:

IR@blackspadeacquisitionii.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>bsii-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>bsii-20250127_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>bsii-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Class A [Member] 

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50, included as part of the units [Member] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50, included as part of the units 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>bsii-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 27, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42258

Entity Registrant Name BLACK SPADE
ACQUISITION II CO

Entity Central Index Key 0002025065

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One Suite 2902

Entity Address, Address Line Two 29/F, The Centrium

Entity Address, Address Line Three 60 Wyndham Street

Entity Address, City or Town Central

Entity Address, Country HK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 00000

City Area Code 852

Local Phone Number 3955 1316

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Class A [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, included as part of the units

Trading Symbol BSII

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50, included as part of the units [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50, included as part of the units

Trading Symbol BSIIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol BSIIU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BSII_RedeemablewarrantseachwholewarrantexercisableforoneClassAordinaryshareatanexercisepriceofdollar1150includedaspartoftheunitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BSII_UnitseachconsistingofoneClassAordinaryshareandonethirdofoneredeemablewarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://blackspadeacquisitionIIco.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bsii-20250127.xsd 
bsii-20250127_def.xml 
bsii-20250127_lab.xml 
bsii-20250127_pre.xml 
tm254472d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-006154-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm254472d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002025065 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

0002025065 

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

0002025065 

BSII:RedeemablewarrantseachwholewarrantexercisableforoneClassAordinaryshareatanexercisepriceofdollar1150includedaspartoftheunitsMember 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

0002025065 

BSII:UnitseachconsistingofoneClassAordinaryshareandonethirdofoneredeemablewarrantMember 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002025065 
00-0000000 
00000 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
BLACK SPADE ACQUISITION II CO 
E9 
001-42258 
Suite 2902 
29/F, The Centrium 
60 Wyndham Street 
Central 
HK 
852 
3955 1316 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, included as part of the units 
BSII 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50, included as part of the units 
BSIIW 
NASDAQ 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 
BSIIU 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>