<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-051943.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-051943.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311160746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-051943
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Verisk Analytics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001442145
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				262994223
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34480
		FILM NUMBER:		25727612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		545 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310-1686
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-469-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		545 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310-1686
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934103d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000144214500014421452025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-34480 26-2994223

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

545 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (201)469-3000

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

where registered

Common Stock $.001 par value VRSK NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On March 6, 2025, Verisk Analytics, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) by and among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc. and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. as representatives of the underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Underwriters $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Securities). The Securities, which were offered and sold pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, are registered pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-270827), filed on March 24, 2023. 

On March 11, 2025, the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee) entered into a fifth supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture (the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, and the together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance of the Securities. 

The Securities bear interest at 5.250% per annum and will mature on March 15, 2035. Interest on the Securities is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year beginning September 15, 2025. At any time and from time to time prior to December 15, 2034, the Company may redeem the Securities, in whole or in part, at a make-whole redemption price as described in the Indenture. At any time and from time to time on or after December 15, 2034, the Company may redeem some or all of the Securities at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date as described in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains certain restrictions, including a limitation that restricts the Companys ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to incur liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. The Indenture also restricts the ability of the Company to consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets, and requires the Company to offer to repurchase the notes of either series upon certain change of control events. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1, the Base Indenture, which was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2019, and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture (including the forms of the Securities attached thereto), which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1, each incorporated by reference herein. The form of the Notes is filed as Exhibit 4.2 and a copy of the opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Company, relating to the legality of the Notes is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and both are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, by and among Verisk Analytics, Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc. and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. as representatives of the underwriters named therein. 

4.1 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 11, 2025, between Verisk Analytics, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee. 

4.2 Form of 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.1). 

5.1 Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.

Date: March 11, 2025 

/s/ Kathy Card Beckles

Name: Kathy Card Beckles

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934103dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Verisk Analytics, Inc. 

(a
Delaware corporation) 

5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

Dated:
March 6, 2025 

Verisk Analytics, Inc. 

(a Delaware corporation) 

5.250%
Senior Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

March 6, 2025 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 

as Representatives of the several
Underwriters 

c/o 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New York 10036 

c/o 

66 Hudson Boulevard 

New York, New York 10001 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Verisk Analytics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement with BofA Securities, Inc.
(BofA) and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. (HSBC), and each of the other Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (collectively, the Underwriters, which term shall also include any underwriter substituted as
hereinafter provided in Section 10 hereof), for whom BofA and HSBC are acting as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives), with respect to (i) the sale by the Company, and the purchase by the Underwriters, acting
severally and not jointly, of $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Securities). The Securities will be issued pursuant to the Base Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2019 (the
Base Indenture) between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by a Supplemental Indenture, to be dated as of
March 11, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee. 

The Company understands that the Underwriters propose to make a public offering of the Securities as soon as the Representatives deem
advisable after this agreement (this Agreement) has been executed and delivered. This Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities are referred to herein collectively as the Transaction Documents. 

1 

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-270827) covering the public offering and sale of certain securities,
including the Securities, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the 1933 Act Regulations), which automatic shelf registration statement became
effective under Rule 462(e) under the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 462(e)). Such registration statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto to such time, including the
exhibits and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act and the documents
otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 430B) and is referred to herein as the Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Registration
Statement without reference to a time means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the first contract of sale for the Securities, which time shall be considered the new effective
date of such registration statement with respect to the Securities within the meaning of paragraph (f)(2) of Rule 430B, including the exhibits and schedules thereto as of such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by
reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to the Rule 430B. Each preliminary prospectus
used in connection with the offering of the Securities, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act, is
collectively referred to herein as a preliminary prospectus. Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file a final prospectus relating to the Securities in accordance with the provisions of
Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 424(b)). The final prospectus, in the form first furnished or made available to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Securities, including the documents
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act, is collectively referred to herein as the Prospectus. For purposes of this
Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data
Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (or any successor system) (EDGAR). 

As used in this Agreement: 

Applicable Time means 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on March 6, 2025 or such other time as agreed by the Company and the
Representatives. 

General Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses, as specified in
Schedule C hereto, issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the most recent preliminary prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein by reference) that is distributed to investors prior to the Applicable Time and the information
included on Schedule B hereto, all considered together. 

2 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 405)) relating to
the Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the
Commission or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to
be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g). 

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to
prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433), as evidenced by it being specified in Schedule C hereto. 

Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus. 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained,
included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include all such financial statements and schedules and other information
incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement; and all references in this Agreement to
amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the 1934 Act Regulations), incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may
be, at or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

Section 1. Representations and Warranties by the Company. The
Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, the Applicable Time and the Closing Time referred to in Section 2(c) hereof, and agrees with each Underwriter, as follows: 

(a) Registration Statement and Prospectuses.

(i) The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act. The
Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405) and the Securities have been and remain eligible for registration by the Company on such automatic shelf registration statement. Each of the
Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective under the 1933 Act. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the 1933
Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. The
Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. 

3 

(ii) Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment
thereto, at the time of its effectiveness and at each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act Regulations, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act, the
1933 Act Regulations and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Trust Indenture Act). Each preliminary prospectus (including the prospectus filed as part
of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto), at the time it was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus
and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this offering was identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(iii) The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective or at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, (a) at the time the Registration Statement became effective, (b) at the time the Prospectus was issued and (c) at the Closing
Time, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. 

(b) Accurate Disclosure.

(i) Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time or at the Closing Time, contained,
contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the Applicable Time, neither
(A) the General Disclosure Package nor (B) any individual Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto,
as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) or at the Closing Time, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(ii) The representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration
Statement (or any amendment thereto), the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the
Representatives expressly for use therein. For purposes of this Agreement, the only information so furnished shall be the information in the first paragraph under the heading UnderwritingCommissions and Discounts, and the
information in the first and second paragraphs under the heading UnderwritingShort Positions in each case contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (collectively, the Underwriter Information). 

4 

(c) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. No Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicts or
will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein, and any preliminary or other prospectus deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded
or modified. 

(d) Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (A) At the original effectiveness of the Registration Statement, (B) at the
time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934
Act or form of prospectus), (C) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) under the 1933 Act) made any offer relating to the Securities in reliance on the exemption of Rule
163 under the 1933 Act, and (D) as of the Applicable Time, the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405). 

(e) Company Not Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the
earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an
ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. 

(f) Independent Accountants. The accountants who certified the financial statements and supporting schedules included in the
Registration Statement are independent public accountants with respect to the Company as required by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act, the 1934 Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

(g) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the statement of
operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The supporting schedules, if any, present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary
financial information included in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements
included in the Registration Statement. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or incorporated by reference therein, regarding non-GAAP
financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply with Regulation G of the 1934 Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the 1933 Act, to the extent
applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects
and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

5 

(h) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which
information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the
earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect), (ii) there have been no
transactions entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than those in the ordinary course of business, which are material with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise and (iii) there has been
no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock. 

(i) Good Standing of
the Company. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in
each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(j) Good Standing of Subsidiaries. Each significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined
in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) (each a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries) has been duly organized and is validly existing as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of
business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such
Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage,
pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity; none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary was issued in violation of the preemptive or similar rights of any securityholder of such Subsidiary. The only significant subsidiaries of
the Company are the subsidiaries listed on Schedule D hereto. 

(k) Capitalization. The authorized, issued and outstanding
capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus in the column entitled Actual under the caption Capitalization (except for subsequent issuances, if
any, pursuant to this Agreement, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans referred to in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options referred to in the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). 

6 

(l) Due Authorization. The Company has full right, power and authority to execute and
deliver each of the Transaction Documents and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby has been duly and validly taken. 

(m) Indenture. The Indenture has
been duly authorized by the Company. When the Indenture is duly executed and delivered in accordance with its terms by each of the parties thereto, the Indenture will constitute a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to
enforceability (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions); and at the Closing Time, the Indenture will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission
applicable to an indenture that is qualified thereunder. 

(n) The Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the
Company and, when duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered as provided in the Indenture and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

(o) Authorization of Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(p) Descriptions of the Transaction Documents. Each Transaction Document conforms in all material respects to the description thereof
contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(q) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (A) in violation of its charter, by-laws or similar organizational document, (B) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation,
agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any
of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (collectively, Agreements and Instruments) except for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect
or (C) in violation of any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any arbitrator, court, governmental body, regulatory body, administrative agency or other authority, body or agency having jurisdiction over the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, assets or operations (each, a Governmental Entity), except for violations that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Securities and compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the General Disclosure Package and the 

7 

Prospectus have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or
constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, the
Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of
the charter, by-laws or similar organizational document of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, except as would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their assets, properties or operations. As used herein, a
Repayment Event means any event or condition which gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment
of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(r) Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute
with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent, and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or any subsidiarys
principal suppliers, manufacturers, customers or contractors, which, in either case, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(s)
Absence of Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against
or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement (other than as disclosed therein), or which might result in a Material Adverse Effect, or which might materially and adversely
affect the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and the aggregate of all
pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their respective property or assets is the subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(t) Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no contracts or documents which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto, as of the date hereof or as of the Closing Time, which have not been or will not be, as applicable, so described and
filed as required. 

(u) Possession of Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire on
reasonable terms, adequate patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems
or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to carry on the business now 

8 

operated by them in any material respect, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice or is otherwise aware of any infringement of or conflict with asserted rights
of others with respect to any Intellectual Property or of any facts or circumstances which would render any Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company or any of its subsidiaries therein, and which infringement
or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, singly or in the aggregate, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v) Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or
decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Securities hereunder or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except such as have been already obtained or as may be required under the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations or state securities laws. 

(w) Absence of Manipulation. Neither the Company nor any affiliate of the Company has taken, nor will the Company or any affiliate take,
directly or indirectly, any action which is designed to or which has constituted or which would be expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the
Securities. 

(x) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals,
consents and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate Governmental Entities necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure so to possess would not, singly or
in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate,
result in a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except when the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would
not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which,
singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(y)
Title to Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by the Company and its subsidiaries and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all
mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind except such as (a) are described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (b) do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and
its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries holds properties described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the
rights of the Company or such subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease. 

9 

(z) Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and, upon the sale of the
Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, it will not be required, to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(aa) Environmental Laws. Except as described in the Registration Statement and except as would
not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of
common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic
substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos-containing materials or mold (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with
their requirements, (C) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or
proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (D) to the knowledge of the Company there are no events or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any
Environmental Laws. 

(bb) No Registration Rights. Except as described in the Registration Statement, there are no persons with
registration rights or other similar rights to have any securities registered pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise registered by the Company under the 1933 Act. 

(cc) Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls over financial
reporting (as defined under Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the 1934 Act Regulations) sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (A) transactions are executed in
accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences; and (E) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the

10 

Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Except as
described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (1) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting
(whether or not remediated) and (2) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial
reporting. 

(dd) Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act Regulations) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the
1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the
Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the 1934 Act. 

(ee) Payment of Taxes. Except as would not cause a Material Adverse
Effect, all United States federal income tax returns of the Company and its subsidiaries required by law to be filed have been filed and all taxes shown by such returns or otherwise assessed, which are due and payable, have been paid, except
assessments against which appeals have been or will be promptly taken and as to which adequate reserves have been provided. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all other tax returns that are required to have been filed by them pursuant to
applicable foreign, state, local or other law except insofar as the failure to file such returns would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the
Company and its subsidiaries, except for such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company in respect of any income and
corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or reassessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect. 

(ff) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries carry or are entitled to the benefits of insurance, with,
to the knowledge of the Company, financially sound and reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks as is generally maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar business, and all such insurance is in
full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that the Company or any of its subsidiaries will not be able (A) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (B) to obtain comparable coverage
from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(gg) Statistical and Market-Related Data. Any statistical and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable and accurate, and where required the Company has obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such sources. 

11 

(hh) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Except for any immaterial violations, none of the
Company, any of its subsidiaries nor any of its officers or directors, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any
action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the
UKBA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other
property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political
office, in contravention of the FCPA or the UKBA and the Company, and to the knowledge of the Company, except for any immaterial noncompliance, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and the UKBA and have
instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

(ii) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related
or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company and any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(jj) OFAC. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee,
affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is an individual or entity (Person) currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without
limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of
the Securities, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of
such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(kk) Officers Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries delivered to the
Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby. 

12 

(ll) Cybersecurity. (A) There has been no security breach or incident,
unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise relating to the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and databases (including the data and information of
their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the Company and its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company and its
subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data); (B) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have been notified of, and each of them have no knowledge of any event or condition that could result in, any
security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; and (C) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards
to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory standards, except with respect to
clauses (A) and (B), for any such security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromises, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to clause (C), where the
failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification. 

Section 2. Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing. 

(a) On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to sell to each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, the Securities, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price of 99.103% of the principal amount thereof, the aggregate
principal amount of the Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule A hereto, plus accrued interest from, and including, March 11, 2025 to the Closing Time (as defined below). The Company will not be obligated to
deliver any of the Securities except upon payment for all the Securities to be purchased as provided herein. 

(b) Payment for and delivery
of the Securities shall be made at the offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, New York, New York, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third business
day after the date hereof (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company (such time and date
of payment and delivery being herein called Closing Time). 

(c) Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in
immediately available funds to the account(s) specified by the Company to the Representatives against delivery to the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing the
Securities (collectively, the Global Notes), with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Securities duly paid by the Company. The Global Notes will be made available for inspection by the Representative not later
than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time. 

13 

Section 3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants with each Underwriter
as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b), will
comply with the requirements of Rule 430B, and will notify the Representatives immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective, or any supplement to the
Prospectus or any amended Prospectus shall have been filed, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to
the Prospectus or any document incorporated by reference therein or for additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or
suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any
examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Securities.
The Company will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b), in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the
form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of
any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(b) Filing of
Amendments and 1934 Act Documents. The Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b)) or any amendment, supplement or revision
to either the prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time it became effective or to the Prospectus, and will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or
use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings made pursuant to the 1934 Act
or 1934 Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish the Representatives with
copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. 

(c) Delivery of Registration Statements. The Company has furnished or will deliver to the Representatives and counsel for the
Underwriters, upon request, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits) filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and signed copies of all consents and
certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of
the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

14 

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered to each Underwriter, without
charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without
charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-T.

(e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the 1933
Act and the 1933 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered in connection
with sales of the Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement or amend or
supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances
existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the
requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus comply with such requirements, and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. If at any time following
issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement
relating to the Securities or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances, prevailing at that
subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

(f) Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the
Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Representatives may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for a period of not less than one year from the later of
the effective date of the Registration Statement and any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign
corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. 

15 

(g) Rule 158. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as
are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of
the 1933 Act. 

(h) Clear Market. During the period from the date hereof through and including the business day following the Closing
Time, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, directly or indirectly issue, offer, sell, offer to sell, or grant any option to sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of any debt securities or securities
exchangeable for or convertible into debt securities of the Company. 

(i) Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period
when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder. 

(j) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior
consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute
an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and has complied and will comply with the
requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. 

Section 4. Payment of Expenses. 

(a) Expenses. The Company will pay or cause to be paid all expenses incident to the performance of their obligations under this
Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the
Underwriters of this Agreement, any Agreement among Underwriters and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery
of Global Notes to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel,
accountants and other advisors, (v) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of each preliminary prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto and any costs
associated with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing by the Underwriters to investors, (vi) the fees and expenses of any transfer agent, trustee, registrar or depositary for the Securities and (vii) all expenses incurred by the
Company in connection with any road show presentation to potential investors. 

16 

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives
in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) hereof, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses,
including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters. 

Section 5. Conditions of Underwriters
Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 1 hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement, including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, has become
effective, and at the Closing Time, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of
the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. A prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and
within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and declared effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B. 

(b) No Downgrade. Subsequent to the earlier of (i) the Applicable Time and (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
(x) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded to the Securities or any other debt securities or preferred stock of or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as such term is defined by the Commission for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act and (y) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, or has changed its outlook with
respect to, its rating of the Securities or any other debt securities or preferred stock of or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading). 

(c) No Material Adverse Effect. No event or condition of a type described in Section 1(h) hereof shall have occurred or shall
exist, which event or condition is not described in each of the General Disclosure Package (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the effect of which in the judgment of
the Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

17 

(d) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. At the Closing Time, the Representatives
shall have received (i) the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter, dated as of the Closing Time, of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters,
together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters to the effect set forth in Exhibit A-1hereto and (ii) the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time,
of Kathlyn Card Beckles, executive vice president and chief legal officer of the Company, in form and in substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other
Underwriters to the effect set forth in Exhibit A-2hereto. 

(e) Opinion of Counsel for
the Underwriters. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter, dated as of the Closing Time, of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, together
with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters. 

(f) Officers Certificate. At the Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as
of which information is given in the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries,
considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, and the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the President, Chief Executive Officer or an Executive Vice President of the Company, dated as of
the Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change, (ii) the representations and warranties in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and
as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied in all material respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time and (iv) to their knowledge, no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or contemplated by the Commission. 

(g) Accountants Comfort Letter. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from
Deloitte & Touche LLP a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters containing statements and information of
the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information of the Company incorporated by reference and contained in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus. 

(h) Bring-down Comfort Letter. At Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received from
Deloitte & Touche LLP a letter, dated as of the Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (g)(i) of this Section, except that the specified date referred to shall be a
date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time. 

(i) Additional Documents. At Closing Time, counsel for the
Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of
the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters. 

18 

(j) Termination of Agreement. If any condition specified in this Section shall not
have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time at or prior to the Closing Time and such termination shall be without liability of any party to
any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

Section 6. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, as such term is
defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act (each, an Affiliate), its selling agents, officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of
the 1934 Act as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred,
arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; 

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent
of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such
alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company; 

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the
Representatives), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue
statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above; 

19 

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim,
damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the
Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto). For purposes of this Agreement, the only information so furnished shall be the Underwriter Information. 

(b) Indemnification
of Company and Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but
only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein. For purposes of
this Agreement, the only information so furnished shall be the Underwriter Information. 

(c) Actions against Parties; Notification.
Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall
not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity
agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representatives, and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to
the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Company. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the
consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for
all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written
consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever
in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent
(i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a
failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

20 

Section 7. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 6
hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate
amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the
Underwriters on the other hand from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the
relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities,
claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 

The relative benefits received by the Company on the
one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities
pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate public offering price of
the Securities as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus. 

The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the
other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by
the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate
amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason
of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

21 

For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within
the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act and each Underwriters Affiliates and selling agents shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company and each
officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as
the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the number of Securities set forth opposite their respective names in Schedule A hereto and not joint. 

Section 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this
Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its
Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company and (ii) delivery of and payment for the Securities. 

Section 9. Termination of Agreement. 

(a) Termination; General. The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing
Time (i) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) if there has occurred any
material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change
in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts
for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq), or if trading generally on the NYSE MKT or
the New York Stock Exchange or on the Nasdaq has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by such system or by order
of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental authority, or (iv) a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (v) if a banking moratorium has been
declared by either Federal or New York authorities. 

(b) Liabilities. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such
termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

22 

Section 10. Default by One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the
Underwriters shall fail at Closing Time to purchase the Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), the Representatives shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make
arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon
the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then: 

(i) if the principal amount of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the principal amount of Securities to be purchased
on such date, each of the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations
hereunder bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or 

(ii) if the principal amount of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the principal amount of Securities to be purchased on such
date, this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter. 

No action taken pursuant to this Section shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default. 

In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of this Agreement, either the (i) Representatives or
(ii) the Company shall have the right to postpone Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other
documents or arrangements. As used herein, the term Underwriter includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 10. 

Section 11. Tax Disclosure. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, immediately upon commencement of discussions
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company (and each employee, representative or other agent of the Company) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Company relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. For purposes of the foregoing, the term tax
treatment is the purported or claimed federal income tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the term tax structure includes any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed federal income
tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 12. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at (i) BofA Securities, Inc., 114 West 47th
Street, NY8-114-07-01, New York, New York 10036, Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal, Fax: (212) 901-7881, and (ii) HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., 66 Hudson Boulevard, New York, New York 10001, Attention: Transaction Management Group, Fax: (646) 366-3229; and notices to
the Company shall be directed to it at Verisk Analytics, Inc., 545 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, New Jersey, 07310-1686, Attention: Thomas Wong. 

23 

Section 13. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an
arms-length commercial transaction among the Company on the one hand and the several Underwriters on the other hand, (b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process leading
to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an
advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters)
and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad
range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has
consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

Section 14. Parties.
This Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or
corporation, other than the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Underwriters and the Company and their
respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to
be a successor by reason merely of such purchase. 

Section 15. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any
such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

24 

For purposes of this Section 13, a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning
assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in,
and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S.
Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Section 16. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THAT WOULD APPLY THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 

Section 17. TIME. TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY
REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. 

Section 18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or
relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by
electronic means. 

Section 19. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect
the construction hereof. 

25 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement among the Underwriters and the Company in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Thomas Wong

Name: Thomas Wong

Title: Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

[Signature Page to the Debt Underwriting Agreement] 

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written:

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Kevin Wehler

Name: Kevin Wehler

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to the Debt Underwriting Agreement] 

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written:

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.

By: 

/s/ Patrice Altongy

Name: Patrice Altongy

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to the Debt Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Name of Underwriter Aggregate Principal Amount of

Securities 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 210,000,000 

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 175,000,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 84,000,000 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 63,000,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 63,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 42,000,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 28,000,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. 7,000,000 

Loop Capital Markets LLC 7,000,000 

R. Seelaus & Co., LLC 7,000,000 

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. 7,000,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC 7,000,000 

Total $ 700,000,000 

Sch. A-1

SCHEDULE B 

Free Writing Prospectus 

Filed pursuant to Rule 433 

To Prospectus dated March 24, 2023 

Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated March 6, 2025 

Registration Statement File No. 333-270827

Verisk Analytics, Inc. 

$700,000,000 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 

Pricing Term Sheet 

Issuer: Verisk Analytics, Inc.

Ticker: VRSK

Expected Rating (Moodys / S&P)*: [Intentionally Omitted]

Aggregate Principal Amount: $700,000,000

Maturity: March 15, 2035

Coupon: 5.250%

Public Offering Price: 99.753% of face amount

Yield to Maturity: 5.282%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: +100 basis points

Benchmark Treasury: 4.625% due February 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury Price / Yield: 102-24 / 4.282%

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2025

Redemption Provisions: Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Notes) (the Par Call Date), the Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

Sch. B-1 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the date of redemption (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months) at the applicable treasury rate (as defined in the prospectus supplement) plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the date of
redemption.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the applicable redemption date.

Settlement**: T+3; March 11, 2025

Denominations: $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 above that amount

CUSIP / ISIN: 92345Y AL0 / US92345YAL02

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

BofA Securities, Inc.

HSBC Securities (USA)
Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Citigroup Global Markets
Inc.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

Co-Managers: 

TD Securities (USA) LLC

Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC

Academy Securities, Inc.

Loop
Capital Markets LLC

R. Seelaus & Co., LLC

Samuel A.
Ramirez & Company, Inc.

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC

Additional Information: 

* 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

Sch. B-2 

** Note: We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made to investors on or about March 11, 2025,
which will be the third New York business day following the date of this prospectus supplement (such settlement being referred to as T+3). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the
secondary market are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes prior to the first business day before delivery of the Notes may be
required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially settle in T+3, to specify an alternate settlement arrangement at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the Notes who wish to trade the Notes prior to the
first business day before their date of delivery should consult their advisors. 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a
prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about
the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus
if you request it by contacting BofA Securities, Inc. toll free at (800) 294-1322 or HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. toll free at (866) 811-8049.

This communication should be read in conjunction with the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying base prospectus. The
information in this communication supersedes the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying base prospectus to the extent inconsistent with the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying
base prospectus. 

ANY DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES THAT MAY APPEAR BELOW ARE NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS COMMUNICATION AND SHOULD BE
DISREGARDED. SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES WERE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED AS A RESULT OF THIS COMMUNICATION BEING SENT VIA BLOOMBERG OR ANOTHER EMAIL SYSTEM. 

Sch. B-3 

SCHEDULE C 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses Final Pricing 

Term Sheet attached as Schedule B 

Sch. C-1

SCHEDULE D 

Significant Subsidiaries 

1. 

AIR Worldwide Corporation (Delaware) 

2. 

Insurance Services Office, Inc. (Delaware) 

3. 

ISO Services, Inc. (Delaware) 

4. 

Xactware Solutions, Inc. (Delaware) 

Sch. D-1 

Exhibit A-1

FORM OF OPINION OF COMPANYS COUNSEL TO 

BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 5(d)(i) 

1. 

The Company is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and
the Company has corporate power and authority to issue the Securities, to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to perform its obligations thereunder. 

2. 

The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding
agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general
applicability, provided that we express no opinion as to (x) the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above or (y) the validity, legally binding effect or
enforceability of any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Securities to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest. 

3. 

The Securities have been duly authorized and when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions
of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture pursuant to which such Securities are to be issued,
provided that we express no opinion as to (x) the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above, or (y) the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability
of any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Securities to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest. 

4. 

The Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

5. 

The Company is not, and after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of
the proceeds thereof as described in the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Exh. A-1-1

6. 

The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the
Indenture, the Securities and the Underwriting Agreement (collectively, the Documents) will not contravene (i) any provision of the statutory laws of the State of New York or any federal law of the United States of America that in
our experience is normally applicable to general business corporations in relation to transactions of the type contemplated by the Documents, or the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware provided that we express no opinion as to federal
or state securities laws, (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company, or (iii) any agreement that is specified in Schedule A hereto; provided that we express no opinion in clause
(iii) as to compliance with any financial or accounting test, or any limitation or restriction expressed as a dollar (or other currency) amount, ratio or percentage in any of the agreements specified in Schedule A hereto. 

7. 

No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency under
the laws of the State of New York or any federal law of the United States of America that in our experience is normally applicable to general business corporations in relation to transactions of the type contemplated by the Documents, or the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under the Documents, except such as may be required under federal or state securities or Blue Sky laws as to which we
express no opinion. 

8. 

We have considered the statements included in the Disclosure Package under the captions Description of
Debt Securities and Guarantees of Debt Securities and Description of Notes, as supplemented by the information set forth in the Pricing Supplement, and in the Prospectus under the captions Description of Debt Securities and
Guarantees of Debt Securities and Description of Notes insofar as they summarize provisions of the Indenture and the Securities. In our opinion, such statements fairly summarize these provisions in all material respects.

9. 

The statements included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Material U.S.
Federal Income Tax Consequences, insofar as they purport to describe provisions of U.S. federal income tax laws or legal conclusions with respect thereto, and subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth therein, in our opinion
fairly and accurately summarize the matters referred to therein in all material respects. 

On the basis of the
information gained in the course of the performance of the services rendered above, but without independent check or verification except as stated above: 

(i) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus appear on their face to be appropriately responsive in all material respects to the
requirements of the Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder; and 

(ii) nothing has come to our attention
that causes us to believe that, insofar as relevant to the offering of the Securities: 

Exh. A-1-2

(a) on the date of the Underwriting Agreement, the Registration Statement contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, 

(b) at [] P.M. New York City time on March [], 2025, the Disclosure Package contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or 

(c) the Prospectus as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement or as of the date hereof contained or contains any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

Exh. A-1-3

Exhibit A-2

FORM OF OPINION OF COMPANYS GENERAL COUNSEL TO 

BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 5(d)(ii) 

1. 

The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined in the Underwriting Agreement). 

2. 

Each significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) (each a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries) has been duly incorporated and is an existing corporation in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to
transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would
not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3. 

To my knowledge, there are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject (1) other than proceedings accurately described in all material respects in the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus and proceedings that would not have a material adverse effect on the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and
the Securities (collectively, the Documents) or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the General Disclosure Package or (2) that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and are not so
described; and there are no statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not described or
filed as required. 

4. 

The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the
Documents will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event under or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon
any property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or any other agreement or instrument, known to me, to which the Company or any subsidiary is
a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the 

Exh. A-2-1

property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary is subject (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) or liens, charges or
encumbrances that would not have a Material Adverse Effect), nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws of any Subsidiary, or any applicable law, statute, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree, known to me, of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, assets or
operations. 

5. 

I have considered the statements under the captions Item 1. Business Regulation and
Item 3. Legal Proceedings in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, insofar as they summarize matters of law, legal matters and the agreements
referred to therein. In my opinion, such statements fairly summarize these provisions in all material respects. 

Exh. A-2-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934103dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 11, 2025 

To 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 6, 2019 

5.250% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

VERISK ANALYTICS, INC., 

As the Company 

AND

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as 

successor to WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

As Trustee 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONSAND
INCORPORATIONBY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01. Relationship with Base Indenture 1 

Section 1.02. Definitions 2 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. Form and Dating 8 

Section 2.02. Issuance of Additional Notes 9 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION AND
PREPAYMENT 

Section 3.01. Notice of Redemption; Selection of Securities 10 

Section 3.02. Notes Redeemed in Part 10 

Section 3.03. Optional Redemption 10 

Section 3.04. Mandatory Redemption 11 

ARTICLE 4 

PARTICULAR
COVENANTS 

Section 4.01. Limitation on Liens 11 

Section 4.02. Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions 13 

Section 4.03. Offer to Purchase Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 13 

ARTICLE 5 

DEFAULTS 

Section 5.01. Defaults 15 

ARTICLE 6 

RESERVED 

ARTICLE 7 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 7.01. Trust Indenture Act Controls 16 

Section 7.02. Governing Law 16 

Section 7.03. Successors 16 

Section 7.04. Severability 16 

Section 7.05. Counterpart Originals 16 

Section 7.06. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 17 

Section 7.07. Validity or Sufficiency of Supplemental Indenture 17 

Section 7.08. Waiver of Jury Trial 17 

FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of
March 11, 2025, between Verisk Analytics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as the Company (the Company) and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as Trustee (the Trustee). 

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the
Trustee an indenture dated as of March 6, 2019 (the Base Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time of one or more series of the Companys senior notes. 

WHEREAS, the Company desires and has requested the Trustee pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Base Indenture to join with it in the
execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture in order to supplement the Base Indenture as and to the extent set forth herein to provide for the issuance and the terms of the Notes (as defined below). 

WHEREAS, the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the
Company. 

WHEREAS, all conditions and requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and legal instrument in
accordance with its terms have been performed and fulfilled by the parties hereto and the execution and delivery thereof have been in all respects duly authorized by the parties hereto. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the
Holders (as defined herein) of the 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes): 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONSAND INCORPORATIONBY REFERENCE

Section 1.01. Relationship with Base Indenture. The terms and provisions contained in the Base Indenture will constitute, and are
hereby expressly made, a part of this Supplemental Indenture and the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the
extent any provision of the Base Indenture conflicts with the express provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture will govern and be controlling in respect of the Notes. 

The Trustee accepts the amendment of the Base Indenture effected by this Supplemental Indenture and agrees to execute the trust created by the
Base Indenture as hereby amended, but only upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Supplemental Indenture, including the terms and provisions defining and limiting the liabilities and responsibilities of the Trustee in the performance of the
trust created by the Base Indenture. 

Section 1.02. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Base Indenture. The following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.02: 

Additional Notes has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.02(a) hereof. 

Attributable Debt means, when used in connection with a Sale/Leaseback Transaction, at the time of determination, the
lesser of: 

(1) the fair value of such property (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company), and 

(2) the present value of the total net amount of rent required to be paid under the lease related to such property during the remaining term
thereof (including any renewal term or period for which such lease has been extended), discounted at the rate of interest set forth or implicit in the terms of such lease, compounded semi-annually as determined by the Companys principal
accounting or financial officer. 

Base Indenture has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Supplemental
Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are not required to be open in the State of New York. 

Change of Control means: 

(1) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
Person or group of related Persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules
13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that such Person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that
any such Person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Companys Voting Stock (for the
purposes of this clause, such Person or group shall be deemed to beneficially own any of the Companys Voting Stock held by a parent entity if such Person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of
the voting power of the Voting Stock of such parent entity); or 

(2) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or
any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other Person is converted into or
exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of
the Voting Stock of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or 

2 

(3) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other
than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of the Companys subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person (as such term
is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) other than to the Company or one of its subsidiaries; or 

(4)
the adoption by the Companys stockholders of a plan or proposal for the Companys liquidation or dissolution. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b) immediately following that transaction, (1) the direct
or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (2) no Person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or
indirectly, of more than a majority of the Voting Stock of the holding company. 

Change of Control Offer has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.03 hereof. 

Change of Control Payment has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 4.03 hereof. 

Change of Control Payment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 4.03 hereof. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a
Rating Decline. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Change of Control Repurchase Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with (i) any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually
been consummated or (ii) any reduction in rating if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the trustee in writing at its request that the
reduction was the result of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, a Change of Control (whether or not the Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the reduction in rating). 

Common Stock of any Person means any and all shares, interests or other participations in, and other equivalents (however
designated and whether voting or non-voting) of, such Persons common stock, and includes, without limitation, all series and classes of such Common Stock. 

3 

Consolidated Total Assets means the total assets of the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries, as set forth on the Companys most recent consolidated balance sheet, as determined under GAAP. 

default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default under the
Indenture. 

Depositary means, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the
Person specified in Section 2.01 hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the applicable provision of this Supplemental
Indenture. 

DTC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01(c) hereof. 

GAAP means with respect to any computations required or permitted under the Indenture, generally accepted accounting
principles in effect in the United States as in effect from time to time; provided, however if the Company is required by the SEC to adopt (or is permitted to adopt and so adopts) a different accounting framework, including but not
limited to the International Financial Reporting Standards, GAAP shall mean such new accounting framework as in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, in each case, those accounting principles set forth in the opinions
and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as
approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession. 

Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in
Section 2.01(d) hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Supplemental Indenture. 

Global
Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the Global Notes, in the form of Exhibit A hereto issued in accordance with Section 2.01 hereof. 

Guarantor means any entity that guarantees the payment of the Notes pursuant to a supplement to the Base Indenture. 

Holder means a Person in whose name a Note is registered. 

Indenture means the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, governing the Notes, together, as
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial
interest in a Global Note through a Participant. 

Initial Notes means the first $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of the Notes issued under this Supplemental Indenture on the date hereof. 

4 

Investment Grade means BBB- or
higher by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&Ps) and Baa3 or higher by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys) or the equivalent Investment Grade credit rating
from any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by us in accordance with the definition of Rating Agency. 

ISO means Insurance Services Office, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Lien means a mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien, charge or other encumbrance. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Notes has the meaning assigned to it in the preamble to this Supplemental Indenture. 

Par Call Date has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.03 hereof. 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an account with the Depositary. 

Permitted Liens has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4.01 hereof. 

Permitted Subsidiary Acquisition Indebtedness means indebtedness of any subsidiary of the Company which is: 

(a) owed by any Person at the time (i) such Person becomes a subsidiary of or is merged with or into the Company or a subsidiary of the
Company or (ii) a subsidiary acquires any property from such Person and which indebtedness is expressly assumed by such subsidiary at the time of such acquisition; provided that (A) such indebtedness was not created, incurred, or assumed
by such Person or such subsidiary in contemplation of such acquisition, (B) in the event such indebtedness shall be guaranteed, such guarantee shall be unsecured and shall be given by ISO and/or the Company, and (C) the principal amount of
such indebtedness shall not be increased at any time after it is first acquired or assumed, as applicable, or 

(b) incurred by such
subsidiary to finance or to refinance such acquisition; provided that (i) such indebtedness shall be incurred substantially simultaneously with the consummation of such acquisition, (ii) the principal amount of such indebtedness incurred
in connection with such acquisition shall not be increased at any time after it is first incurred, (iii) the principal amount of such indebtedness (together with any accrued interest thereon and closing costs relating thereto) shall at no time
exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the original purchase price of such acquisition, and (iv) in the event such indebtedness shall be guaranteed, such guarantee shall be unsecured and shall be given by ISO and/or the Company. 

5 

Property means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or
tangible or intangible, including shares of capital stock. 

Rating Agency means each of S&P and Moodys or, to
the extent S&P or Moodys do not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act) or
organizations, as the case may be, selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors), which shall be substituted for S&P or Moodys, or both, as the case may be. 

Rating Decline means the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by both of the Rating Agencies on any date during the
period from the date 60 days prior to the first public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60 day period following the consummation of such Change of Control (which period will be extended following
the consummation of such Change of Control for so long as any Rating Agency has publicly announced that it is considering a possible downgrade in its rating of the Notes). 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors. 

Sale/Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement relating to property now owned or hereafter acquired whereby either the
Company transfers, or any of its subsidiaries transfers, such property to a Person and either the Company or any of its subsidiaries leases it back from such Person. 

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which
more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof
is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (a) such Person, (b) such Person and one or more subsidiaries of such Person or (c) one or more subsidiaries of such Person. 

Supplemental Indenture means this Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and
the Trustee, governing the Notes, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Base Indenture and the terms hereof. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with
following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest 

6 

Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant
maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the
period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis
(using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15
TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second
business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but
there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall
select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the
criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for
such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to
vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. With respect to the Company, references to Voting Stock shall refer to the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share. 

7 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES

Section 2.01. Form and Dating. (a) The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication included thereon will be
substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. Each Note will be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes will initially be issued in
the form of one or more Registered Global Securities, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 with integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(b) The terms and provisions contained in the Notes will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Supplemental Indenture, and
the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of this Supplemental Indenture or any Note
conflicts with the express provisions of the Base Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, as the case may be, will govern and be controlling. 

(c) Notes issued in global form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend
thereon). Each Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes and each will provide that it will represent the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount
of the outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented thereby will be made by the Trustee or the custodian of the Notes, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with written instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by
Section 2.02 hereof. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company (DTC) to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes. 

(d) The Notes shall not be exchangeable for or convertible into the common stock of the Company or any other security. 

(e) The Company will not pay additional amounts on the Notes held by a person who is not a U.S. person in respect of any tax, assessment or
governmental charge withheld or deducted. 

(f) The following legends will appear on the face of all Global Notes issued under this
Supplemental Indenture. 

THIS SECURITY IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO
AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

8 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST
COMPANY (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS
WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE
LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. 

Section 2.02. Issuance of Additional Notes. 

(a) The Company will be entitled, upon delivery of an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, to issue additional Notes under
this Supplemental Indenture which will have identical terms as the Initial Notes issued on the date hereof, other than with respect to the date of issuance, the issue price and, in some cases, the first interest payment date (Additional
Notes); provided that the Company is in compliance with the covenants contained in the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture. The Initial Notes issued on the date hereof and any Additional Notes issued shall be treated as a
single class for all purposes under the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture; provided that if such Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes will have a
separate CUSIP number. 

(b) With respect to any Additional Notes, the Company will set forth in a resolution of its Board of Directors and
an Officers Certificate, a copy of each which will be delivered to the Trustee, the following information: 

(i) the
aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture; and 

(ii) the issue price, the issue date, the initial interest payment date and the CUSIP number of such Additional Notes. 

9 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT

Section 3.01. Notice of Redemption; Selection of Securities. The Company will send by first class mail (or otherwise transmit in
accordance with DTC procedures) notice of any redemption at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the date of redemption to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in
Article 3 of the Base Indenture. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by such method as the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate and in accordance with the procedures of the
Depositary. 

Section 3.02. Notes Redeemed in Part. No Notes of principal amount of $2,000 or less may be redeemed in part.

Section 3.03. Optional Redemption. (a) Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the
Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places)
equal to the greater of 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of
the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

(d) Notice of any redemption shall be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the
DTC procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

(e) If the
date of redemption is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall be paid to the Person in whose name the applicable Note is registered at the close of
business on such interest record date, and no additional interest is payable to Holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Company. 

10 

(f) In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption shall be made
pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair in accordance with DTC procedures. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less may be redeemed in part. The principal amount of a Note
remaining outstanding after redemption in part shall be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note shall state the portion of the
principal amount of the note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note shall be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original note. For so long as the
Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

(g) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest shall cease to accrue on the
Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

Section 3.04. Mandatory Redemption. The Company is not required to make any
mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. 

ARTICLE 4 

PARTICULAR COVENANTS

Section 4.01. Limitation on Liens. (a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to create, assume,
incur or permit to exist any Lien on any of its or such subsidiaries property or assets, whether owned on the date of issuance of the Notes or thereafter acquired, or upon any income or profits therefrom, in order to secure any of its
indebtedness or that of its subsidiaries, unless the Notes are at least equally and ratably secured with such secured indebtedness (together with, if the Company so determines, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such subsidiary
then existing or thereafter created that is not subordinated to the Notes) for so long as such other indebtedness is so secured; provided, however, that the above restrictions shall not apply to the following (the Permitted
Liens): 

(i) Liens on property or other assets of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a
subsidiary, provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such Person becoming a subsidiary; 

(ii) Liens in
respect of Permitted Subsidiary Acquisition Indebtedness; provided that (i) each such Lien (A) shall be created substantially simultaneously with the acquisition of the related property or properties or (B) shall have existed on any
property of a Person (1) at the time such Person becomes a subsidiary of or is merged with or into the Company or its subsidiary or (2) at the time a subsidiary acquires such property from such Person, and, in the case of each of the
foregoing clauses (1) and (2), such Lien shall not have been created in contemplation of such acquisition, and (ii) no such Lien at any time shall encumber any property or properties other than the related property or properties financed
by such Permitted Subsidiary Acquisition Indebtedness and the proceeds thereof; 

11 

(iii) Liens on property or assets to secure any indebtedness incurred prior
to, at the time of, or within 270 days after, the acquisition of such property or in the case of real property, the completion of construction, the completion of improvements or the beginning of substantial commercial operation of such real property
for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of such real property, the construction thereof or the making of improvements thereto; 

(iv) Liens in the Companys favor or in favor of any Guarantor of the Notes; 

(v) Liens existing on the date of issuance of the Notes; 

(vi) Liens on property or other assets of a Person existing at the time the Person is merged into or consolidated with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of a Person as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to either the Company or any of its subsidiaries provided that such Lien was
not incurred in anticipation of the merger or consolidation or sale, lease or other disposition; 

(vii) extensions,
renewals or replacements (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part of any Lien referred to above without increase of the principal of the indebtedness (plus any premium or fee payable in connection with any such
extension, renewal or replacement) secured by the Lien; provided, however, that any Permitted Liens shall not extend to or cover any of the Companys or its subsidiaries property, as the case may be, other than the property
specified in the foregoing clauses and improvements to this property; and 

(viii) Liens arising in connection with trade
letters of credit issued for the Companys account or the account of a subsidiary securing the reimbursement obligations in respect of such letters of credit, provided, that such Liens encumber only the property being acquired through
payments made under such letters of credit or the documents of title and shipping and insurance documents relating to such property. 

(b)
Notwithstanding Section 4.01(a) the Company and any of its subsidiaries may create, assume, incur or guarantee indebtedness secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Notes; provided that at the time of such creation,
assumption, incurrence or guarantee, after giving effect thereto and to the retirement of any indebtedness that is concurrently being retired, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of all outstanding indebtedness secured by Liens other than
Permitted Liens, and (b) the Attributable Debt of all of the Companys and its subsidiaries Sale/Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 4.02(b)(v) does not at such time exceed 7.5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

12 

Section 4.02. Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions. (a) The Company
will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction with respect to any real or personal property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, unless: 

(i) The Company or such subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be able to incur indebtedness secured
by a Lien on the property involved in the transaction at least equal in amount to the Attributable Debt with respect to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably securing the Notes under Section 4.01 above; or 

(ii) the net proceeds of the sale of the property to be leased are at least equal to such propertys fair market value, as
determined by the Companys Board of Directors, and the proceeds are applied within 270 days of the effective date of the Sale/Leaseback Transaction to the purchase, construction, development or acquisition of assets or to the repayment of any
of the Companys indebtedness that ranks equally with the Notes or any indebtedness of the Companys subsidiaries. 

(b)
Notwithstanding Section 4.02(a), the Company shall be permitted to enter into Sale/Leaseback Transactions, without complying with the requirements of Section 4.02(a) above, if: 

(i) the Sale/Leaseback Transaction was entered into prior to the date of issuance of the Notes; 

(ii) the Sale/Leaseback Transaction is between the Company and any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, or between
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company; 

(iii) the Sale/Leaseback Transaction involves leases for a period of no longer
than three years; 

(iv) the Sale/Leaseback Transaction is one in which the lease for the property or asset is entered into
within 180 days after the date of acquisition, completion of construction or commencement of full operations of such property or asset, whichever is latest; or 

(v) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all Attributable Debt with respect to Sale/Leaseback Transactions
existing at such time that could not have been entered into except for the provisions described in this paragraph, together with the aggregate amount of all outstanding indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under Section 4.01(b) above, does
not exceed 7.5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

Section 4.03. Offer to Purchase Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event.
(a) With respect to the Notes, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, each Holder shall have the right to require the Company to purchase such Holders Notes in whole or in part (equal to $2,000 or an integral
multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus 

13 

accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase (subject to the rights of Holders of record on the relevant interest record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest
payment date), pursuant to and in accordance with the offer described in this Section 4.03, provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a denomination of $2,000 or integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof. 

(b) Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event, unless the Company has exercised its right
to redeem all of the Notes pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, the Company shall send by first class mail (or otherwise transmit in accordance with DTC procedures) a notice (the Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes,
with a copy to the Trustee, which notice shall state: 

(i) that such Change of Control Repurchase Event has occurred and
that such Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of such Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase (subject
to the rights of Holders of record on the relevant interest record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) (the Change of Control Payment); 

(ii) the date of repurchase, which shall be a Business Day that is no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date
the Change of Control Offer is mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with DTC procedures), other than as may be required by law (the Change of Control Payment Date); 

(iii) the procedures determined by the Company, consistent with the Indenture, that a Holder must follow in order to have its
Notes called for redemption to be repurchased; and 

(iv) if the notice is mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance
with DTC procedures) prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned upon the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. 

(c) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful, accept for payment, all Notes called for redemption or
portions thereof validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Change of Control Offer, and shall deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all such Notes or portions of such Notes so tendered.
The Company shall also deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes so accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Notes called for redemption or portions of such Notes being
repurchased by the Company. The Paying Agent shall promptly mail (or otherwise transmit in accordance with DTC procedures) to each tendering Holder the Change of Control Payment for the Notes called for redemption tendered by such Holder and
accepted by the Company for purchase, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order, shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of
the Note surrendered, if any, provided that each such new Note shall be in a principal amount of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

14 

(d) If the Change of Control Payment Date is on or after an interest record date and on or
before the related interest payment date, any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such interest record date, and no additional interest will be payable to
holders who tender pursuant to the Change of Control Offer. 

(e) Holders of the Notes electing to have such Notes purchased pursuant to a
Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender such Notes, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of such Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer
their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Paying Agent, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. 

(f) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act in connection
with the repurchase of all Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer hereunder. To the extent the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall comply with the applicable
securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

(g) The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times
required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for such an offer made by the Company, and such third party purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

ARTICLE 5 

DEFAULTS

Section 5.01. Defaults. In addition to the Events of Default described in the Base Indenture, the following shall constitute
an Event of Default with respect to the Notes under this Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) (i) a failure to make any payment at
maturity, including any applicable grace period, on any of the Companys or a Guarantors indebtedness in an amount in excess of $50 million and continuance of this failure to pay or (ii) a default on any of the Companys or
any Guarantors indebtedness, which default results in the acceleration of indebtedness in an amount in excess of $50 million without such indebtedness having been discharged or the acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or
annulled, for a period of, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, 30 days or more after written notice thereof to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Securities; provided, however, that if the failure, default or acceleration referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall cease or be cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default shall be deemed
cured. 

15 

ARTICLE 6 

RESERVED

ARTICLE 7

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01. Trust Indenture Act Controls. This Supplemental Indenture shall incorporate and be governed by the provisions of the
Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of and to govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 

Section 7.02.
Governing Law. The laws of the State of New York shall govern this Supplemental Indenture and the Securities, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. 

Section 7.03. Successors. All agreements of the Company in this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All
agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture will bind its successors. 

Section 7.04. Severability. In case any
provision in this Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes will be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 7.05. Counterpart Originals. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy
will be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all
purposes. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect,
validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New
York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

16 

Section 7.06. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The Table of Contents and
Headings of the Articles and Sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Supplemental Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or
provisions hereof. 

Section 7.07. Validity or Sufficiency of Supplemental Indenture. The Trustee is not responsible for the
validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, or for the recitals contained herein. 

Section 7.08. Waiver of Jury
Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE
NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

17 

SIGNATURES 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first written above.

VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.,

as the Company

By: 

/s/ Elizabeth Mann

Name: Elizabeth Mann

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Fifth Supplemental Indenture] 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the Trustee

By: 

/s/ Corey J. Dahlstrand

Name: Corey J. Dahlstrand

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Fifth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY 

[GLOBAL
SECURITY LEGEND] 

THIS SECURITY IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) TO THE COMPANY
OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE
TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART,
BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

A-1 

CUSIP No.

ISIN

Verisk Analytics, Inc. 

5.250% Senior Notes Due 2035 

No. $____________

As revised by the

Schedule of Increases or

Decreases attached hereto

Interest. Verisk Analytics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (herein called the
Company), for value received, hereby promises to pay to , or registered assigns, the principal sum of United States dollars (U.S.$ ), as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases attached hereto, on March 15, 2035 and
to pay interest thereon from or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 in each year, commencing September 15, 2025, at the
rate of 5.250% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months. 

Method of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly
provided for, on any interest payment date will, as provided in the Indenture (as defined on the reverse hereof), be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the
relevant record date for such interest, which shall be March 1 and September 1, as the case may be, next preceding such interest payment date. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Authentication. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has
been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-3 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date of authentication: COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-4 

FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY 

Indenture. This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the
Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2019, as supplemented by a Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2025 (as so supplemented, herein called
the Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor to Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
(herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $700,000,000.

Optional Redemption. Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call
Date), the Company may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the
greater of (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the principal
amount of the Securities to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notice of any redemption shall be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the DTC procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
the redemption date to each holder of Securities to be redeemed. If the date of redemption is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to the Person
in whose name the Security is registered at the close of business on such interest record date, and no additional interest is payable to Holders whose Securities will be subject to redemption by the Company. In the case of a partial redemption,
selection of the Securities for redemption shall be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair in accordance with DTC procedures. No Securities of a principal amount of $2,000 or
less may be redeemed in part. The principal amount of the Security remaining outstanding after redemption in part shall be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. If this Security is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of
redemption that relates to the Security shall state the portion of the principal amount of the Security to be redeemed. A new Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Security shall be issued in the

A-5 

name of the holder of the Security upon surrender for cancellation of this Security. For so long as the Securities are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Securities shall
be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest shall cease to accrue on the Securities or portions thereof called
for redemption. 

For purposes of determining the optional redemption price, the following definitions are applicable: 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are not required to be
open in the State of New York. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the yield determined by
the Company in accordance with following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York
City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most
recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor
designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate,
the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is
no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the
Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury
security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States

A-6 

Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the
Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities
meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security
shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Except as set forth above, the Securities will not be redeemable by the Company prior to their maturity date and will not be entitled to the
benefit of any sinking fund. 

Defaults and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to Securities shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Securities may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

Amendment, Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the holders of the Securities to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding, on behalf of the holders
of all such Securities, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the holder of this Security shall be conclusive
and binding upon such holder and upon all future holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon
this Security. 

Restrictive Covenants. The Indenture contains customary limitations that restrict the Companys ability to
merge, consolidate or sell substantially all of its assets, place liens on its property or assets and engage in sale/leaseback transactions. Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in the Indenture), a holder of Securities will have
the right, subject to certain terms and conditions specified in the Indenture, to cause the Company to repurchase all or any part of such Securities of such holder at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of such Securities to be
repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. 

A-7 

Denominations, Transfer and Exchange. The Securities are issuable only in registered
form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal
amount of Securities of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the holder surrendering the same. 

As provided
in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registerable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written
request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly executed by, the holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and
for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

No service charge shall be made for
any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Persons Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary. 

Miscellaneous. The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof. 

All terms used in this Security and not defined
herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

A-8 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES 

The following increases or decreases in this Security have been made: 

Date of Exchange Amount of

increase in

Principal Amount

of this Security Amount of

decrease in

Principal Amount

of this Security Principal Amount

of this Security

following each

decrease or

increase Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee

A-9 

FORM OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have this Security purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.03 (Change of Control) of the Supplemental
Indenture, check the box: 

If you want to elect to have only part of this Security purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.03 of the Supplemental Indenture,
state the amount: 

$ 

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of the Security) 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed by a participant in a recognized signature guaranty medallion program or other signature
guarantor acceptable to the Trustee. 

A-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d934103dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

davispolk.com

March 11, 2025 

Verisk
Analytics, Inc. 

545 Washington Boulevard 

Jersey City, NJ
07310 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Verisk Analytics, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-270827) (the Registration Statement) for the purpose of registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), certain securities,
including $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Securities). The Securities are to be issued pursuant to the provisions of the Base Indenture dated as of March 6, 2019
(the BaseIndenture) between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated
as of March 11, 2025 (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture) between the Company and the Trustee, and to be sold pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Underwriting
Agreement) among the Company and the several underwriters (the Underwriters) named in Schedule A thereto. 

We, as your
counsel, have examined originals or copies of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of rendering this opinion. 

In rendering the opinion expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry or investigation, assumed that (i) all documents submitted to us as
originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all signatures on all documents that we reviewed are genuine, (iv) all natural persons executing
documents had and have the legal capacity to do so, (v) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Company that we reviewed were and are accurate and (vi) all representations made by the Company as to matters of
fact in the documents that we reviewed were and are accurate. 

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the additional assumptions and qualifications set
forth below, we advise you that, in our opinion, when the Securities have been duly executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, the Securities will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, concepts of
reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, provided that we express no opinion as to (x) the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above
or (y) the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Securities to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest.

1 

March 11, 2025 

In connection with the opinion expressed above, we have assumed that the Indenture and the Securities
(collectively, the Documents) are valid, binding and enforceable agreements of each party thereto (other than as expressly covered above in respect of the Company). We have also assumed that the execution, delivery and performance
by each party to each Document to which it is a party (a) are within its corporate powers, (b) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other constitutive documents of such party,
(c) require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and (d) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or any judgment, injunction, order
or decree or any agreement or other instrument binding upon such party, provided that we make no such assumption to the extent that we have specifically opined as to such matters with respect to the Company. 

We are members of the Bar of the State of New York and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware, except that we express no opinion as to any law, rule or regulation that is applicable to the Company, the Documents or such transactions solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable
to any party to any of the Documents or any of its affiliates due to the specific assets or business of such party or such affiliate. 

We hereby consent
to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof and its incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement and further consent to the
reference to our name under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus supplement which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vrsk-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vrsk-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vrsk-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g934103g0311023058828.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001442145

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34480

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-2994223

Entity Address, Address Line One 545 Washington Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Jersey City

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07310

City Area Code (201)

Local Phone Number 469-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock $.001 par value

Trading Symbol VRSK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.vrsk.com//20250306/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d934103d8k.htm 
vrsk-20250306.xsd 
vrsk-20250306_lab.xml 
vrsk-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-051943-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d934103d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001442145 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

false 
0001442145 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
VERISK ANALYTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-34480 
26-2994223 
545 Washington Boulevard 
Jersey City 
NJ 
07310 
(201) 
469-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock $.001 par value 
VRSK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>