<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-021812.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-021812.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307170345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-021812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002048951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42540
		FILM NUMBER:		25721081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 SOUTH MAIN STREET SUITE 2550
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9012703107

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 SOUTH MAIN STREET SUITE 2550
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233411-8k_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000204895100020489512025-03-032025-03-030002048951LOKV:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-032025-03-030002048951LOKV:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-032025-03-030002048951LOKV:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-032025-03-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42540 61-2235506

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4921 William Arnold Road

MemphisTN38117

(Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (901) 270-3107

Not Applicable

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant LOKVU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share LOKV The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share LOKVW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 3, 2025, Live Oak
Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO)
of 23,000,000 units (the Units), including 3,000,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters
over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A
Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each, a Warrant),
with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share. The Units were
sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $230,000,000.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement) of an aggregate of 4,500,000
warrants (the Private Placement Warrants)to Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC, the Companys sponsor, at
a purchase price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $4,500,000.

A total of $231,150,000,
or $10.05 per Unit, comprised of the net proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes the underwriters deferred discount of $6,900,000)
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, acting as trustee.

An audited balance sheet
as of March 3, 2025 reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and is
included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of March 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

By: /s/Richard J. Hendrix 

Name: Richard J. Hendrix

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: March 7, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023341101ex99-1_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 3, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial
Statement of Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: 100) F-2

Balance Sheet as of March 3, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) as of March 3, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of March 3, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor since
2024.

New York, New York

March 7, 2025

F-2

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

BALANCE SHEET

MARCH 3, 2025

Assets: 

Cash $ 2,893,310 

Prepaid expenses 26,496 

Total Current Assets 2,919,806 

Cash held in Trust Account 231,150,000 

Total Assets $ 234,069,806 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Accrued expenses $ 74,397 

Accrued offering costs 383,143 

Promissory note - related party 2,883 

Total Current Liabilities 460,423 

Advisory fee 6,900,000 

Deferred underwriting fee 6,900,000 

Total Liabilities 14,260,423 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 23,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.05 per share 231,150,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding, excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding 575 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (11,341,192 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (11,340,617 )

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit $ 234,069,806 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement.

F-3

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 1
Organization and Business Operations and Going Concern

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company)
is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation on November 27, 2024. The Company was incorporated
for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business
Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination
target, and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.

As
of March 3, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from November 27, 2024 (inception) through
March 3, 2025 relates to the Companys formation and the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected
December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The
Companys Sponsor is Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC (the Sponsor). The registration statement for the Companys
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 27, 2025. On March 3, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering
of 23,000,000 units (the Units), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 4,500,000 Private Placement Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants)
to the Sponsor, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $4,500,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of $11.50 per share. The Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be
generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions).

Transaction
costs amounted to $7,723,148, consisting of $250,000 of cash underwriting fee, $6,900,000 of deferred underwriting fee and $573,148 of
other offering costs.

The
Companys Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
80% of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes
payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However,
the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on March 3, 2025, an amount of $231,150,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants was held in a Trust Account (the Trust Account) and may only be invested in U.S. government treasury
obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form
is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended business combination. To mitigate the risk that the
Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the
Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based on management teams ongoing assessment of all
factors related to the Companys potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments
held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest or non-interest bearing account
at a bank. Interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account may only be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, and any
such withdrawals can only be made from interest and not from the principal held in the Trust Account. The proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the
completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination
within 21 months from the closing of this offering; no redemption rights shall be offered to public shareholders in connection with any
such extension from 21 months to 24 months if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination within
21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) or by such earlier liquidation date as the board of directors may approve (the
Completion Window), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly
submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business
Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Companys creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys public shareholders.

F-4

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 1
Organization and Business Operations and Going Concern (cont.)

The
Company will provide the Companys public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon
the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial
Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will
seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in
its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $10.05 per public share.

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were
recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.

The
Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is
unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Companys
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption
in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable
to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder
shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination (except that any public shares such parties may purchase
in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act would not be voted in favor of approving the Business
Combination transaction).

F-5

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 1
Organization and Business Operations and Going Concern (cont.)

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of
(i) $10.05 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, if less than $10.05 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the
Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

Note 2
Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statement is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (US GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging
Growth Company Status

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised
financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement
declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new
or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition
period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable.
The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or
revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys
financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.

F-6

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 2
Significant Accounting Policies (cont.)

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statement in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company had $2,893,310 in cash and no cash equivalents as of March 3, 2025.

Cash
Held in Trust Account

As
of March 3, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $231,150,000, were held in cash.

Concentrations of credit risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to a significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash. Periodically, the Company may maintain deposits in
financial institutions in excess of government insured limits. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally
of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion
and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components.
The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A ordinary shares
and warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the warrants and then
to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption were charged
to temporary equity, and offering costs allocated to the Public and Private Placement Warrants were charged to shareholders deficit
as Public and Private Placement Warrants, after managements evaluation, were accounted for under equity treatment.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term
nature.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach
to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted
tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and
measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must
be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the
Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of March 3, 2025, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued
for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position.

The
Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently
not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys
tax provision was zero for the period presented.

F-7

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 2
Significant Accounting Policies (cont.)

Warrant
Instruments

The
Company will account for the Public and Private Placement Warrants to be issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the
private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly,
the Company evaluated and classified the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values.

The
fair value of the Public Warrants is $2,185,000, or $0.19 per Public Warrant. The fair value of Public Warrants was determined using
Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement
after issuance. The following table presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public
Warrants:

March 3, 

2025 

Implied Class A ordinary share price $ 9.91 

Exercise price $ 11.50 

Simulation term (years) 7 

Risk-free rate (continuous) 4.02 %

Selected volatility 2.5 %

Probability of de-SPAC and market adjustment 15.0 %

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The
public shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys
liquidation, or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In
accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies public shares subject to possible redemption outside of permanent equity as the
redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period.
Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the
extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of March 3, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance
sheet. As of March 3, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled
in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 230,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (2,185,000 )

Class A Ordinary shares issuance costs (7,638,884 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 10,973,884 

Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, March 3, 2025 $ 231,150,000 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures,
on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM),
as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that
a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment
profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all
annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide
all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption
permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on November 27, 2024, date of incorporation.

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Companys financial statement.

F-8

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 3
Initial Public Offering

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of their
over-allotment option of 3,000,000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share,
and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

Warrants As
of March 3, 2025, there were 16,000,000 warrants outstanding, including 11,500,000 Public Warrants and 4,500,000 Private Placement Warrants.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and
will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation.

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company
will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable
upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied
with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement
is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for
the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit.

Under
the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business
days, after the closing of its Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under
the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the Companys initial Business
Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day
after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or
maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

If
the holders exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A
ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary
shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average
reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants, as applicable.

F-9

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 3
Initial Public Offering (cont.)

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $18.00: The Company may redeem
the outstanding warrants:

in
whole and not in part;

at
a price of $0.01 per warrant;

upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period); and

if,
and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
period commencing at least 30 days after completion of the initial business combination and ending three business days before
the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

Additionally,
if the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares,
or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to
such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling
holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of
a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in
such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights
offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or
exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken
into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day
period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange
or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary
share, (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds (including from
such issuances and this offering), and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of
the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value of Class A ordinary shares
is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

Note 4
Private Placement

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 4,500,000 Private Placement Warrants
at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of $4,500,000. Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are
held by the Sponsor, or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or
sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) will be entitled to registration
rights.

F-10

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 4
Private Placement (cont.)

The Sponsor and the Companys officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or
an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the
Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares
they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination
(except that any public shares such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act
would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination transaction).

Note 5
Related Party Transactions

Founder
Shares

On
December 20, 2024, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, by payment of offering
costs on the Companys behalf, for which the Company issued 5,750,000 founder shares to the Sponsor. Up to 750,000 of the founder
shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
is exercised. On March 3, 2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. As such, the 750,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The
Companys initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
Business Combination that results in all of the Companys initial shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other
agreements of the Companys initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for
share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction
after the initial Business Combination which results in the Companys initial shareholders having the right to exchange their shares
for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up.

Promissory
Note Related Party

The
Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public
Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the date of the Initial Public Offering from the proceeds of the
$1,000,000 of offering proceed that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. As of March 3, 2025, the Company has repaid
the Sponsor $173,690 of the Promissory Note borrowings resulting to an outstanding balance of $2,883 as of the balance sheet date. The
note is currently due on demand and borrowings under this note are no longer available.

Administrative
Services Agreement

Commencing
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, February 27, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor or an
affiliate to pay an aggregate of $17,500 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support. As of March
3, 2025, there has been $2,917 accrued under this agreement under accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet.

F-11

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 5
Related Party Transactions (cont.)

Working
Capital Loans

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain
of the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the
Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working
Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the
Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post
Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the
Private Placement Warrants. As of March 3, 2025, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

Note 6
Commitments and Contingencies

Risks
and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets are
experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the
Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)
deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Certain countries,
including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel,
increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting
measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union,
Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional
and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased
cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial
markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys search for an initial
business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial business combination.

Registration
Rights

The
holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants
and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register
for resale of any of the Companys securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective
date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting
Agreement

The
underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units
to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 3, 2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option, closing on the 3,000,000
additional units simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering.

The
underwriter was paid a commission of $250,000 upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.

F-12

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 6
Commitments and Contingencies (cont.)

The
underwriters are also entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of $6,900,000 (3.0% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account) upon the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement, but such deferred underwriting discount shall be based partly on amounts remaining in the Trust Account following all properly
submitted shareholder redemptions in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Company had also agreed
to reimburse the underwriter for certain of its out-of-pocket costs for the Initial Public Offering up to an aggregate reimbursement
allowance of $35,000 for legal fees related to the review by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).

Advisory
Fee

In
addition to the deferred underwriting discounts, the Company engaged Santander US Capital Markets LLC to provide advisory services from
time to time. As compensation for the services provided under an engagement letter, the Company shall pay Santander US Capital Markets
LLC a fee equal to 3.00% of the gross proceeds raised in the Initial Public Offering, payable upon closing of such initial Business Combination.
The Company has agreed to indemnify Santander US Capital Markets LLC and its affiliates in connection with its role in providing the
advisory services. The termination clause in the agreement deems the fee earned and recordable as of March 3, 2025, and has been recorded
as advisory fee on the accompanying balance sheet.

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preference
Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 5,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each.
At March 3, 2025, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of March 3, 2025,
there were no ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding the 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par
value of $0.0001 each. On December 20, 2024, the Company issued 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $25,000,
or approximately $0.004 per share. As of March 3, 2025, there were 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier
at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering
and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares
convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary
shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20.0% of the sum of (i) the total
number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (including any Class A
ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued
or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the
Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to the Companys officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) minus (iii) any
redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination; provided that such
conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

F-13

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 3, 2025

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit (cont.)

Holders of record of the Companys Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by public
shareholders. Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act
or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
which requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in
person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter
voted on by the Companys shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
(except as specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such public shareholders as, being
entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
appointment of directors, meaning, following the initial Business Combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares voted
for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders
of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be
entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to
amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of approving a transfer by way
of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote
on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended
if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of
the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so,
vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company.

Note
8 Segment Information

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting, establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statement information about
operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise
for which separate financial information is available that is regularly evaluated by the Companys chief operating decision maker,
or group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance.

The Companys chief operating decision maker
has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer (CODM), who reviews the operating results for the Company as a whole
to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing financial performance. The accounting policies used to measure the profit and
loss of the segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies.

Note 9
Subsequent Events

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through March 7, 2025, the date that
the financial statement was available to be issued. Based upon this review, other than as noted below, the Company did not identify any
subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statement.

On
March 4, 2025, the Company made payments to its outstanding invoices amounting in total to $550,263 including the remaining balance under
the Promissory Note of $2,883.

F-14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lokv-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lokv-20250303_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lokv-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lokv-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 03, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42540

Entity Registrant Name Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

Entity Central Index Key 0002048951

Entity Tax Identification Number 61-2235506

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 4921 William Arnold Road

Entity Address, City or Town Memphis

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 38117

City Area Code 901

Local Phone Number 270-3107

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol LOKVU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol LOKV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol LOKVW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LOKV_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LOKV_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LOKV_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://liveoak5.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233411-8k_liveoak5.htm 
lokv-20250303.xsd 
lokv-20250303_def.xml 
lokv-20250303_lab.xml 
lokv-20250303_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-021812-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0233411-8k_liveoak5_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002048951 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0002048951 

LOKV:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0002048951 

LOKV:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0002048951 

LOKV:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002048951 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 
E9 
001-42540 
61-2235506 
4921 William Arnold Road 
Memphis 
TN 
38117 
901 
270-3107 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
LOKVU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
LOKV 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
LOKVW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>