<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-022824.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-022824.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311172104
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-022824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001452857
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PRIMARY METAL PRODUCTS [3390]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35493
		FILM NUMBER:		25728815

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-520-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WEBFINANCIAL L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081229
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233921-8k_steelpart.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000145285700014528572025-03-112025-03-110001452857SPLP:CommonUnits0ParMember2025-03-112025-03-110001452857SPLP:Sec6.0SeriesPreferredUnitsMember2025-03-112025-03-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):
March 11, 2025

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-35493 13-3727655

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10022

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (212) 520-2300

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Units, $0 par SPLP New York Stock Exchange

6.0% Series A Preferred Units SPLP-PRA New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 11, 2025, Steel Partners
Holdings L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Company), published an annual letter to its stakeholders. A copy of the
letter is being furnished as Exhibits 99.1 hereto.

The information in this Item
7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such
section. The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the exhibits, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing,
unless the Company expressly sets forth in such future filing that such information is to be considered filed or incorporated
by reference therein.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description

99.1 Letter to Stakeholders, dated March 11, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 11, 2025

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

By: Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc.

Its General Partner

By: /s/ Ryan OHerrin

Name: Ryan OHerrin

Title: Chief Financial Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023392101ex99-1_steelpart.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS, DATED MARCH 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

March 11, 2025

To the Stakeholders of Steel Partners Holdings
LP:

As we reflect on our journey since first going
public in 2011, we are reminded of the remarkable transformation and growth that Steel Partners has undergone. We have evolved from a
private investment partnership into a diversified global holding company with a robust portfolio of businesses. Our commitment to innovation,
operational excellence, and strategic acquisitions has driven our success, enabling us to deliver consistent value to our stakeholders.
Over the years, we have expanded our footprint, enhanced our capabilities, and built a resilient organization that thrives in an ever-changing
market.

We have acquired multiple public and private companies
in their entirety, such as Handy & Harman, JPS Composite Materials, SL Industries, Steel Excel, WebBank, DGT Holdings, Dunmore, and
Steel Connect. By acquiring these businesses, we were able to remove redundant management layers realizing substantial cost savings and
creating value for our stakeholders.

Over the past two years, we have diligently worked
through each of our businesses using the Steel Business System which included data analytics to review profitability by plant, product,
and customer, the sum of the parts, capacity utilization, as well as the 80/20 method. Our strategic focus has allowed us to identify
and capitalize on our core strengths, streamline operations, and drive efficiency. The Steel Business System (SBS) has been instrumental
in our journey, emphasizing lean manufacturing principles, Six Sigma methodologies, and continuous improvement. By fostering a culture
of collaboration and best practice sharing, we have achieved significant enhancements in our operational performance and key metrics.

Our balance sheet reflects our prudent financial
management, as we have used our cash flow to pay down debt, fund our pension, and repurchase common and preferred units. Our performance
underscores our ability to navigate a complex economic landscape while maintaining our focus on long-term value creation.

1 | Page

STEEL CONNECT

In November 2024, Steel Partners owned over 90%
of the outstanding common stock. In January 2025, Steel Partners completed the acquisition of the remaining shares, resulting in Steel
Connect becoming an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Steel Partners. ModusLink, a division of Steel Connect, is now a standalone business
unit within Steel Partners.

FINANCIALS

For the year ended December 31, 2024, Steel Partners
revenue increased to $2 billion, compared to $1.9 billion in 2023. Income before income taxes and equity method investments was $223.5
million, compared with $161.2 million in 2023. Net income attributable to the Companys common unitholders for the year was $261.6 million,
or $11.38 per diluted common unit, compared with $150.8 million, or $6.43 per diluted common unit in 2023. We report our financials on
a GAAP basis, as required by the SEC, which could vary significantly from real cash earnings.

Steel Partners generated $303 million of adjusted
EBITDA* in 2024, compared to $240.6 million in 2023. 

As of December 31, 2024, total debt was $119.7
million and net cash*, which includes cash and investments less total debt, pension liabilities and preferred unit liabilities, totaled
$62.2 million, an increase of $5.9 million, compared to December 31, 2023.

The book value per unit was $59.36 on December
31, 2024, compared to $45.01 as of December 31, 2023.

As of December 31, 2024, the Companys net pension
liability was $10.5 million, down from $46.2 million in 2023. In 2024, the Company contributed $10.2 million in cash into the pension
plan.

In 2024, the Company purchased 2,360,634 common
units for an aggregate purchase price of $109.4 million.

From January 1, 2025 through March 3, 2025, the
Company repurchased 1,999 common units for $0.08 million. Since 2016, we have purchased 10,171,253 million units for $273.9 million at
an average price of $26.93/common unit.

From January 1, 2024 through March 3, 2025, we
have repurchased 589,693 preferred units for $14.4 million at an average price of $24.47/preferred unit.

2 | Page

BUSINESS UNIT UPDATES

For SEC reporting purposes, we manage Steel Partners
through four business segments: Diversified Industrial, Energy & Sports, Supply Chain, and Financial Services. Steel Partners has
approximately 5,200 employees in 90 locations in 18 countries.

Dunmore, www.dunmore.com, is a global leader
in developing and manufacturing performance-coated, laminated, metalized films and other highly engineered materials. Serving diverse
industries such as Aerospace, labels/graphics, imaging materials, solar, building materials, and specialty packaging, Dunmore continues
to provide innovative solutions that meet its customers unique needs.

Ronn Cort joined Dunmore as President in September
2022. Previously, Ronn served as President of SEKISUI KYDEX, the engineered polymers division of SEKISUI Chemical. Under Ronns leadership,
Dunmore has sharpened its focus on strategic growth and operational excellence while fostering an empowered workforce dedicated to innovation
and continuous improvement.

In 2024, Dunmore achieved record profitability,
driven by margin expansion and volume growth in its North American operations. While aviation volumes reflected the broader U.S. commercial
aircraft market slowdown, strong demand in space launch applications drove aerospace revenue and profitability growth. The launch of five
new Dunmore-branded products and the realignment of the business development team toward strategic growth markets contributed to double-digit
revenue growth. Despite challenging market conditions, the European business made meaningful progress in its restructuring efforts, focusing
its resources on high-value segments.

Looking ahead to 2025, Dunmore is advancing a
comprehensive digital transformation and operational excellence strategy. Reinvestments in key technology upgrades, automation, and data-driven
processes are expected to pave the way for sustained growth. We expect these efforts to enable the company to deliver exceptional value
to customers and stakeholders strengthening its strategic market position.

HandyTube, www.handytube.com, is a
premium manufacturer of seamless tubing products for use in some of the most demanding performance environments. Traditionally serving
the oil & gas and life sciences markets, HandyTube has successfully transitioned into a leading provider of tubing solutions for Aerospace
applications.

Steve Petrides joined the company as President
at the end of 2023 and just completed his first full year of service. For 2025, Steve is leading the organization through the operational
and market transformation necessary to support long-term, sustainable growth.

3 | Page

HandyTube achieved a successful operational turnaround
by improving plant throughput, eliminating the backlog of past-due orders, reducing inventory balances, and improving on time deliveries.
These improvements resulted in record top and bottom-line performance. Additionally, HandyTube achieved AS9100 certification, underscoring
a continued commitment to quality. These achievements were made possible by the hard work and dedication of the HandyTube team, who embraced
the spirit of Steel Partners Commit to Win philosophy and the Steel Business System.

HandyTubes customers have responded positively
to these changes, opening opportunities for additional market share in desirable segments. With a strong operational foundation and excellent
quality, HandyTube is well-positioned for continued, high-value growth in Aerospace and our other core markets. Aerospace sales now account
for almost half of HandyTubes total revenues.

Indiana Tube Corporation (ITC), www.indianatube.com,
is a manufacturer of low-carbon mechanical-grade welded steel tubing used in essential industries worldwide. ITC products are used in
various premium fluid transfer applications for Automotive, large Trucks, Heavy Equipment, Oil and gas, Agriculture, Heating and Air,
Refrigeration, and Specialty Fabricator Industries.

Ron Hawkins is the President of Indiana Tube and
has been in leadership roles in the business since 2006.

In 2024, ITC experienced significant reductions
in the Automotive and Agriculture market segments due to economic conditions and the fallout from the UAW strike. Despite the related
market impact, ITC maintained good EBITDA margins, driven by new sales volume and continuous improvement actions using the Steel Business
System.

ITC is positioned for growth in 2025 with the
addition of 16 new customer accounts in 2024, which are expected to drive organic growth with minimal investment. Additionally, ITC is
expanding its product offerings in the HVAC/R Lineset market with ALT-Line refrigeration tubing products designed to displace high-priced
copper tubing.

JPS Composite Materials, www.jpscm.com,
is a leading AS-9100 manufacturer of high-strength composite reinforcement fabrics used in Aerospace and diverse industrial segments,
supporting civilian, military, and space applications.

4 | Page

Keith Bendyk has been a dedicated leader at JPS
for 24 years, serving as President and CEO for the past three years. Under his leadership, JPS has consistently strengthened top-line
revenue and bottom-line profitability while fostering a culture of continuous improvement and employee engagement. Keith has been deeply
committed to enhancing the company culture, with a strong focus on supporting and recognizing the contributions of the hourly workforce.
Key initiatives, such as enhanced training programs and competitive compensation adjustments, have positioned JPS as an employer of choice
in its local markets, leading to a 40% reduction in employee turnover in 2024.

Despite industry challenges in 2024, including
reduced aerospace build rates and an industrial slowdown driven by increased imports, JPS successfully met its performance goals. The
company remains focused on driving operational efficiencies, strengthening supply chain resilience, and strategically positioning itself
for future growth opportunities.

Kasco, www.kasco.com, is a global
leader in designing and manufacturing precision cutting products, servicing customers in the food processing and wood cutting industries.
Our cutting-edge products include band saw blades, meat grinder plates, knives, and cutlery. In addition, Kasco has a nationwide network
of skilled technicians providing on-site support for commercial food equipment, repair parts, preventative maintenance, butcher supplies,
and seasoning to grocers, meat, seafood, deli, and bakery departments.

In 2024, Mike Schutter stepped in as Interim President,
stabilizing the business, putting it on track, and growing profitability. I want to thank Mike for going above and beyond for Steel Partners.
Mike played a crucial role in helping to select our new President, Ryan Lepp, and ensuring a smooth hand-off. Ryan has a background in
business development, strategic deployment, and change management, which he utilizes to deliver growth and profitability.

Lucas Milhaupt, www.lucasmilhaupt.com,
is a global leader in brazing. Since 1942, Lucas Milhaupt has developed innovative metal joining solutions for industrial original equipment
manufacturers to improve process efficiencies, quality, and safety. We primarily serve the aerospace, automotive, power generation, electronics,
energy, HVAC, and appliance markets.

John Ashe continues to serve as President &
CEO, while Greg Simpson transitioned into the role of COO to support the business.

Lucas remains committed to longer-term investments
designed to drive high growth rates, including the relocation to a new manufacturing facility near Milwaukee, WI, the implementation of
a new ERP system, efforts to boost business performance to serve our customers better, and enhancing our capabilities through upgrading
and modernizing our manufacturing equipment. Lucas is also working to insource refining activities and integrate SIOP and 80-20 to optimize
performance further. Successful execution of these initiatives is expected to drive healthy growth in sales, profitability, and cash flow.

5 | Page

ModusLink, www.moduslink.com, was a wholly
owned subsidiary of Steel Connect and now is a wholly owned subsidiary of Steel Partners Holdings. ModusLink provides supply chain and
eCommerce solutions to customers in a diverse range of industries, including semiconductors, consumer electronics, telecommunications,
computing and storage, software and content, consumer packaged goods, therapeutic devices, retail and luxury, and connected devices.

Fawaz Khalil has served as President & CEO
since June 2020. ModusLink continues to produce improved revenue and profit by increasing its share of wallets at existing large accounts
and securing new, profitable businesses with more enormous annual revenues. In 2024, ModusLink achieved volume growth with its most strategic
customers across all geographic regions. ModusLink also began kitting & assembly, fulfillment, cross-docking, and materials management
for a major semiconductor manufacturers European distribution business in the Netherlands.

ModusLink leverages continuous improvement and
lean principles in executing its strategic plan and daily management, delivering increased profitability and cash flow.

MTE, www.mtecorp.com, is a leader
in power-quality electromagnetic products for various critical industries, including oil and gas, HVAC, data centers, medical imaging,
and industrial manufacturing. MTEs solutions enable more resilient operations, maximize equipment uptime, and minimize damaging electrical
pollution. MTE is headquartered in Milwaukee, WI, and has two manufacturing plants in MexicoMexicali and Tecate.

Ahsan Javed has been President of MTE since March
2022 after serving as VP of Marketing. Previously, Ahsan held leadership roles with firms across Aerospace & defense, medical devices,
and semiconductors.

In 2024, MTE focused on the targeted growth markets
of Oil & Gas, HVAC, and data centers. Notably, persistent demand for AI-based data centers and their increased cooling requirements
increased sales by 224% Year-over-year a trend that is expected to persist for the next 3-5 years. With a focus on core values
and a growth mindset, MTE was awarded a Top Workplace in 2024 based on an employee survey, ranking #42 out of 85 in the small business
category. This was the first time the company had received this distinction.

MTI, www.mtimotion.com, designs and
manufactures an innovative portfolio of custom, precision motion-control products, and solutions, including high-performance motors, drives,
and controllers, as well as windings, gears, and ball screws for the aerospace, defense, and industrial industries globally. MTI continues
to execute its strategic and tactical plans to realize its vision to be the #1 preferred supplier for engineered precision motion
control solutions for the most challenging environments.

6 | Page

Pat OBrien has served as President since
2024, bringing experience from his previous role at Aero Fluid Products. With 25 years of expertise in Operations and P&L Leadership,
Pat has led diverse international businesses across industries such as aerospace and defense, automotive, and medical.

In 2024, the team saw the results of focusing
on driving the business with clear expectations, communication, people, processes, and cadence to deliver improved performance for our
customers and unitholders. The team delivered solid year-over-year improvements in the business while surpassing our 2024 financial objectives.
As the transformation takes hold, we continue to see additional opportunities which we believe will service our customers better and profitably
grow the business in 2025 and beyond.

MTI remains committed to serving its customers.
On-time deliveries are improving, and our new metrics and business processes deliver more substantial and predictable performance. Specific
challenges this year include overcoming ongoing supply chain issues on a defense program, executing with our cross-functional business
unit team structure, and continuing to drive process discipline, cost improvements, and productivity. The MTI management team focuses
on delivering the highest-performance, world-class motion-control products and solutions to the defense, aerospace, and industrial markets.

OMG, www.omginc.com, is a leading
U.S. manufacturer and global supplier of specialty fasteners, adhesives, tools, and related products for the commercial and residential
construction markets. These products are sold through multiple channels, including private label, distribution, home centers, and lumberyards.
OMG excels as a high-performing manufacturer with a culture built on safety, people development, continuous improvement, collaboration,
and respect. OMGs strength lies in innovation and its ability to couple deep customer intimacy and market expertise with leading engineering
talent to develop and introduce new products that enable customers to outperform.

John Ashe completed his first full year as President
and CEO of OMG. John has rebuilt the executive leadership team and strongly emphasized growing the companys core businesses through innovation
and increased customer intimacy. Financially, the company performed well in 2024, with increased sales and profits driven by a commitment
to operational excellence and lean principles.

OMGs outlook for 2025 is positive. Forecasts
for new construction and decking are solid, and FastenMaster is poised to meet demand and continue its growth trajectory through innovation
and strong service levels. Roofing Products is focused on strategies to retain its position as a market leader by introducing key new
products and growing share through value add.

7 | Page

Steel Energy, www.steelenergyservices.com,
provides well servicing rigs for workover & completion, well logging & pump-down perforating, and well testing & flow-back
operations in the Bakken and Permian basins.

Under President Stewart Petersons leadership
since 2016, Steel Energy has cultivated a workforce that serves as its primary competitive differentiator. The companys people-first
approach emphasizes comprehensive training, career development, and a culture of safety and quality that empowers employees to deliver
superior service. This focus on human capital development has created a skilled, experienced team capable of executing complex, well-servicing
operations with precision and reliability.

Steel Energy experienced a moderate downturn in
activity levels in 2024, primarily driven by extensive merger and acquisition activity among Top-Tier Oil and Gas operators. This consolidation
wave temporarily impacted operational tempo throughout the year as newly merged entities optimized their combined asset portfolios and
rationalized their service provider relationships.

Steel Sports, www.steelsports.com,
is a social impact organization built on its Kids First philosophy and dedicated to teaching life lessons and building character through
youth sports. Steel Sports drives the purpose and mission of Steel Partners and builds the culture across our organization.

We created Steel Sports in 2011 to have a positive
social impact by making better athletes and people and keeping kids engaged in sports programs as participation rates declined.

Early on, we developed our Steel Sports Coaching
System The Lasorda Way, to formalize the teachings of the late baseball legend and Hall of Fame manager Tommy Lasorda, and it
remains our guiding light today. Coaching The Lasorda Way provides kids with a positive and fun environment, an essential
part of keeping them in sports to gain the character traits and lessons that will make them successful in all walks of life. The goal
of having a child participate on a team is to help develop empathy, kindness, inclusion, perseverance, and resilience. Building future
leaders with grit and a growth mindset creates a brighter future for us all. We aim to be the gold standard in youth sports and teach
our Core Values of Teamwork, Respect, Integrity, and Commitment.

Martin Brown has been President and CEO of Steel
Sports since June 2020, and he has 23 years of experience in the industry. Martin and his leadership team are focused on growing Teams
in current and new regions nationwide, rolling out leadership and character-driven programs to develop kids off the field, and launching
The Lasorda Way app and platform to increase the reach and impact more organizations, coaches, and athletes.

8 | Page

In 2024, Steel Sports positively impacted nearly
100,000 kids and told this story to over 100,000 followers on social media, with a reach of over 5.8 million impressions, a 70% increase
from 2023. Steel Sports closed two underperforming soccer regions, opened a new baseball region in McKinney (TX), and completed a successful
first year of a groundbreaking partnership with the Italian Baseball and Softball Federation. The first phase of the new The Lasorda Way
app and platform was completed, and the organization was set up to spread the Steel Sports methodologies and philosophies worldwide.

Over 20,000 kids benefitted from the Steel Sports
Coaching System in 2024, including 3,000 on Steel Sports teams. Steel athletes demonstrate a growth mindset at a higher level than their
peers, as well as core mental health competencies. 19% of Steel Sports high school graduates will play a sport in college, whereas the
national average is 7%. 87% of Steel Kids report feeling more happiness and less worry when playing Steel Sports than most other activities.
Steel Kids list character development as a top reason why they join a Steel team

Our athletes, coaches, and families are stewards
in their communities, giving selflessly their time and donating items to those in need. Steel Sports impact totaled 14,000 community
service hours and over 15,000 items donated, including meals, sports equipment, school supplies, toys, and more.

For the fourth year, Steel Partners employees
were engaged in the Steel Sports Coaching System teachings, which apply to business, life, and sports. Steel Sports awarded over $130,000
in sponsorships to organizations where the coaches completed the Foundations of Positive Coaching or equivalent course, impacting over
14,000 kids and 95 Steel Partners employees coached in their community.

WebBank, www.webbank.com (the Bank)
is a Utah chartered Industrial Bank headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah. Since its founding in 1997, when Steel Partners invested $3.5
million for 90% of the initial shareholders equity, the Bank has grown into a thriving financial institution with a diversified customer
and product base, an innovative mindset, and a consistently profitable business model. Since its inception, the Bank has originated and
funded over $218 billion in consumer and commercial credit products, empowering millions of individuals and small businesses with affordable
credit solutions. As The Bank Behind the Brand, WebBank is a national consumer and small business credit product issuer
through its Strategic Partner platforms. These include partnerships with leading retailers, manufacturers, finance companies, software-as-a-service
providers, and financial technology companies. The Bank remains a pioneer in digital lending, advancing innovation through embedded finance
solutions with Strategic Partners.

9 | Page

Jason Lloyd joined WebBank in 2008, bringing over
25 years of experience in banking and financial services. Throughout his career, Jason has held key roles at prominent organizations such
as CIT Group (CIT Bank) and Mitsubishi Corporation, where he gained extensive expertise in the industry.

Jack Howard is the Executive Chair, and he oversees
The Bank.

The Bank offers a full suite of banking services,
including consumer and commercial loans, revolving lines of credit, credit cards, private-label card issuance, auto refinancing, and deposit
products. The Bank also provides asset-backed lending and other credit facilities to Strategic Partner platforms, credit funds, and specialty
finance lenders.

Additionally, the Bank is a leading provider of
commercial insurance premium finance products through its wholly owned subsidiary, National Partners.

WebBank is proud to be recognized for its exceptional
workplace culture. In 2024, the Bank was named one of Glassdoors Best Places to Work for the second consecutive year, ranking second
among 50 small to medium-sized companies. Unlike other workplace awards, this honor is based entirely on employee feedback about job satisfaction,
work environment, and employer.

In 2024, for the second year in a row, the Bank
was also named an American Banker Best Place to Work in Fintech, earning the 9th spot among 40 distinguished companies. These accolades
reflect its commitment to fostering a positive, supportive, innovative workplace.

The Bank continues to deliver strong financial
results underpinned by strategic growth initiatives. In 2024, the Bank achieved total revenue of $454.2 million and pre-tax income of
$114.1 million. Total equity grew by 10.1%, rising to $379.2 million from $344.3 million in 2023.

WebBanks financial strength is evident in its
robust returns, with a pre-tax return on equity of 32.1% and a pre-tax return on assets of 5.2% in 2024. As of December 31, 2024, total
assets reached $2.11 billion, and the Banks Tier 1 leverage ratio increased to 17.9%.

The Bank also expanded its Strategic Partner platforms
and launched numerous new products with existing partners, driving revenue stream diversification and reinforcing its embedded finance
leadership.

10 | Page

THE STEEL WAY

The Steel Way is the foundation of our culture
and the driving force behind our success. It encompasses our Core Values of Teamwork, Respect, Integrity, and Commitment, our Kids First
purpose, and our dedication to providing quality products for our customers and value for our unitholders. By embracing these principles,
we have created a strong, positive culture that fosters collaboration, continuous improvement, and a commitment to excellence. The Steel
Business System (SBS) is integral to The Steel Way, embodying our commitment to lean manufacturing principles, Six Sigma methodologies,
and continuous improvement. The SBS drives efficiency, quality, and value creation across our organization. The Steel Way guides our actions
and decisions, ensuring that we remain focused on delivering long-term value to our stakeholders and making a positive impact on the communities
we serve.

Kids First Purpose: Our philosophy
is Kids First. Since 2011, when we founded Steel Sports inside Dodger Stadium, our mission has been to forge a path of success for the
next generation by putting kids first, instilling values, building character, and teaching life lessons through sports.

We are committed to providing opportunities
for all employees to participate in their local communities by offering flex-time for coaches, sponsoring teams that employees coach,
and sponsoring teams where employees children and grandchildren participate. All Steel Sports coaches are provided with training. This
year, we had 71 employees coach a team, and our sponsorships positively impacted 14,100 children.

Our ultimate goal is to have kids participate
on a Steel Sports team and learn our core values and culture. We would then like them to join us as interns and employees and eventually
as future leaders in our company to perpetuate our core values and culture.

Core Values: At Steel Partners,
we define ourselves by our Core Values of Teamwork, Respect, Integrity, and Commitment. These values and principles apply on and off the
field, bringing us together with our co-workers, families, and communities.

For the fourth year, we have asked employees
to nominate another employee who embraces our Core Values. In 2024, we had 3625 nominations. The overall number is impressive, but what
our employees have to say about one another is a testament to their dedication to our customers, partners, and all stakeholders. Here
are just a few examples:

Teamwork nomination for a Lucas Milhaupt employee: Is always
willing to fill the role needed in the department even when that role falls outside the scope of his standard duties, lends his expertise
in the department to help any team members that need assistance. 

Respect nomination for an IndianaTube employee: Has valued
my input and treated me with respect ever since I have started working here. He has allowed me to express my opinions or concerns and
never made me feel like my input was not valued or needed. 

Integrity nomination for an MTE employee: Is a great example
of Integrity. He is one of the people who is trusted always to do the right thing to achieve collective success regardless of their convenience.
A round of applause for a great and inspiring colleague! 

Commitment nomination for a JPS employee: Is committed to do
whatever the team needs. She keeps track of a lot of our paperwork and has made multiple trips between the two plants, delivering essential
machine parts or products so the plants can continue to run and produce. 

11 | Page

Steel Business
System: The Steel Business System (SBS) is integral to the companys operations. SBS incorporates lean principles and operational
excellence across all business units to enhance customer service, improve efficiency, and deliver stakeholder value. This system ensures
consistent performance and strategic alignment throughout the organization

In 2024, we
recommitted ourselves to the principles of lean manufacturing, focusing on improving inventory turns, on-time delivery, and revenue per
employee. Our teams conducted weekly kaizen events across all operations, from the manufacturing floor to the back office, fostering a
culture of continuous improvement and collaboration. These initiatives have led to significant enhancements in our operational performance,
enabling us to deliver superior value to our customers and stakeholders.

A key component
of the SBS is the training and development of our employees. In 2024, we implemented a state-of-the-art learning management system (LMS)
that provides our lean training manual to all employees, utilizing artificial intelligence to personalize and enhance the learning experience.
This LMS ensures that all employees have access to consistent and comprehensive training on lean manufacturing principles, empowering
them to identify and implement process improvements, driving efficiency and reducing waste across the organization.

The SBS has
been instrumental in our strategic growth initiatives. By leveraging lean principles, we have optimized our operations, reduced costs,
and improved our competitive position in the market. Our focus on operational excellence has enabled us to navigate complex economic landscapes
and deliver consistent, profitable growth. In 2024, we saw significant improvements in our key performance metrics, including increased
inventory turns and enhanced on-time delivery rates.

The SBS fosters
a culture of collaboration and best practice sharing across our business units. Our operational excellence monthly reviews bring together
teams from different departments to learn from each other, create standards, celebrate successes, and address challenges. This collaborative
approach has been critical in driving continuous improvement and achieving our strategic objectives.

As we look ahead
to 2025, we remain committed to the principles of the Steel Business System. We will continue to invest in employee training, process
optimization, and strategic growth initiatives. Our dedication to lean manufacturing and continuous improvement will drive our success,
enabling us to deliver exceptional value to our customers and stakeholders.

SteelGrow: The SteelGrow initiative
is the foundation for employee engagement, talent attraction, and talent development. Our goals are to identify high-performing employees
and provide development opportunities within their respective lines of business across our vast portfolio while continually upskilling
talent at all levels.

12 | Page

We recently launched a new pipeline strategy,
Steel Players-2-Steel Partners. This program will create a streamlined process for all players from Steel Sports to apply for internships
and other available positions. We are committed to a long-term strategy for growing talent in the organization. The players in our program
deeply understand our Core Values and the coaching fundamentals that support better leadership and excellent retention. Leaders across
our portfolio are encouraged to take our Foundations of Positive Coaching course and advanced Steel Sports level training, elevating the
impact of new Steel Players transitioning into Steel Partners in the workplace.

Over the past several years, we have
significantly invested in HR technology. These investments have streamlined HR operations, enabling us to focus more on employee engagement,
development, recognition, and reward. We extended the technology beyond a fully integrated human capital management system to include
a Learning Management System, a Reward & Recognition platform, and an Employee Engagement tool. These platforms allow us to scale
our HR initiatives and measure key successes.

Steel Grow University, our Learning Management
System, launched at the end of Q3 2024. This system provides our employees (learners) access to market-curated and locally curated content.
Since its inception, over 3,000 courses have been completed, covering business/job skills, management skills, knowledge transfer, safety
training, and alignment with our code of conduct.

By investing in these areas, we have
gained greater visibility across our organization into our most valuable competitive advantage, our people. Steel Grow provides enhanced
employee growth and development opportunities, including the ability to move across our various business units and geographies through
lateral moves and promotions.

By embracing our core values of TEAMWORK,
RESPECT, INTEGRITY, and COMMITMENT, we have made this progress possible as a unified team, and we can be incredibly proud of what we have
achieved together.

Town Halls: Our Annual Town Halls
are a critical platform for engaging with our Business Units, offering comprehensive lectures highlighting the core principles upon which
our company is built. These events are designed to deepen understanding of our Kids First Purpose while reinforcing the foundational values
that define our culture: TEAMWORK, RESPECT, INTEGRITY, and COMMITMENT. Through direct engagement with our Business Units across various
regions, we ensure that every employee comprehends their essential role in supporting the companys mission and contributing to its ongoing
success.

In 2024, we were honored to welcome Robbie
Earle, former Premier League football star, to our team. Robbies involvement brought a distinct and motivating element to the Town Halls.
Robbies presence was pivotal in energizing and connecting with employees when traveling to multiple Business Units in countries such
as Germany, France, and others. His extensive experience in high-performance environments, coupled with his unwavering commitment to teamwork
and perseverance, deeply resonated with our teams and reinforced our core values in a powerful and impactful manner.

Interns: We had approximately
80 interns across our businesses in 2024. We continued to offer both a mix of in-person and remote interns. We hosted an Intern Capstone
event where 70 of our interns gathered to hear Nancy Lieberman deliver our town hall focused on our core values, interact with our businesses
at the first Steel Partners career fair, tour both MTE in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, and Lucas-Milhaupt in Cudahy, Wisconsin, as well
as a take in a Brewers game at American Family Field. The highlight was having our interns participate in our Kids First multi-sport camp,
playing rugby, kickball, cricket, and ultimate frisbee.

13 | Page

STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS

We continue to look for both stand alone and bolt
on acquisitions to our existing businesses and have also invested in numerous public companies that we felt we could add strategic value
to over time.

DMC Global (Nasdaq: BOOM): is a leader
in performance-coated, laminated, and metalized films. The company has several subsidiaries, including Arcadia, which supplies architectural
building products; DynaEnergetics, which provides oil and gas well completion solutions; and NobelClad, specializing in metal cladding
solutions.

In May 2024, Steel Partners offered to acquire
all outstanding shares of DMC for $16.50 per share in cash. In September 2024, we proposed acquiring DynaEnergetics and NobelClad for
$185 to $200 million in cash, along with DMC stock. In November 2024, we also proposed to purchase preferred stock to enable DMC to acquire
the remaining 40% of Arcadia. The board of directors at DMC Global has rejected each offer. Since our original offer, the Chairman of
the Board has resigned, the CEO resigned, and one of the board members, Jim OLeary, stepped in to become Executive Chairman and
Interim CEO. In addition, the Arcadia business has had three interim presidents in less than a year. We amended our bid to acquire the
entire company at $10.18/share, which has since been rejected by the board. We continue to monitor the situation, and DMC Global has since
published a 2025 forecast which shows growth in earnings in each of their business units.

Currently, Steel Partners owns approximately 9.75%
of DMC Global.

XP Power (XPP: GB), is a leading provider
in the power solutions sector, specializing in the design and supply of essential power control components. The company serves various
industries, including industrial, healthcare, and technology, offering a wide range of products such as power converters and power supplies
to meet critical power needs.

Steel Partners has been active in the power sector
since 1993 with deep understanding of the industry.

We were contacted by XP Power and their advisors
to see if we would participate in a share offering where the company was raising 40 million. After speaking with the management
team and their advisors, we decided to buy additional shares of the company. We are delighted to have been invited by the company and
the management team and believe that we can add significant value to XP Power and help them to create significant value in the future.

Currently, Steel Partners owns approximately 7.66%
of the company. 

14 | Page

Green Dot Corp (NYSE:GDOT), is a
financial technology company and a registered bank holding company that provides various financial services, including prepaid debit cards,
mobile banking, and money transfer solutions. The company aims to offer consumers and businesses tools to manage and transfer money seamlessly,
making financial services more accessible and empowering users to take control of their financial well-being.

Steel Partners has been active in the fintech
industry since 1997.

We have been following Green Dot for over a decade.
With the significant share price decline, we decided to invest since we know the company well based on our long-standing participation
in the banking industry.

Currently, Steel Partners owns approximately 5.56%
of the company. 

CLOSING REMARKS

As we look ahead to 2025,
we remain committed to our strategy of creating long-term value for our stakeholders. We will continue to focus on operational excellence,
strategic growth, and disciplined capital allocation. Our dedication to the Steel Business System will drive continuous improvement across
our operations, enhancing efficiency and delivering superior customer value.

We intend to continue
to make strategic investments in public and private companies through structured investments and purchasing shares of listed companies
in the US Europe, Asia, where there could be strategic fits or joint venture opportunities, and where we believe we can create value over
long periods of time.

We remain deeply committed
to our Kids First purpose, which guides our efforts to positively impact the next generation through sports and community engagement.
By fostering a culture of character and leadership, we aim to build a brighter future for our communities and our company.

Thank you for your continued
support and commitment. Together, we will navigate the challenges and seize the opportunities that lie ahead, ensuring that Steel Partners
remains a leader in innovation, resilience, and value creation.

Respectfully,

Warren G. Lichtenstein

15 | Page

Forward-Looking Statements

This annual letter and the press release contain
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that reflect SPLPs current expectations and projections about its future results,
performance, prospects and opportunities. SPLP identifies these forward-looking statements by using words such as expect,
anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate,
and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are only predictions based upon the Companys current expectations and projections
about future events, and are based on information currently available to the Company and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other
factors that could cause its actual results, performance, prospects, or opportunities in 2024 and beyond to differ materially from those
expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. These factors include, without limitation: disruptions to the Companys
business as a result of economic downturns; the significant volatility of crude oil and commodity prices; the effects of rising interest
rates; the Companys subsidiaries sponsor defined pension plans, which could subject the Company to future cash flow requirements;
the ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, including environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, banking
regulations and other extensive requirements to which the Company and its businesses are subject; risks associated with the Companys
wholly-owned subsidiary, WebBank, as a result of its Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) status, highly-regulated
lending programs, and capital requirements; the ability to meet obligations under the Companys senior credit facility through future
cash flows or financings; the risk of management diversion, increased costs and expenses, and impact on profitability in connection with
the Companys business strategy to make acquisitions; the impact of losses in the Companys investment portfolio; the Companys
ability to protect its intellectual property rights and obtain or retain licenses to use others intellectual property on which the Company
relies; the Companys exposure to risks inherent to conducting business outside of the U.S.; the impact of any changes in U.S. trade
policies; the adverse impact of litigation or compliance failures on the Companys profitability; a significant disruption in, or breach
in security of, the Companys technology systems or protection of personal data; the loss of any significant customer contracts;
the Companys ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; the rights of unitholders with respect to
voting and maintaining actions against the Company or its affiliates; potential conflicts of interest arising from certain interlocking
relationships among us and affiliates of the Companys Executive Chairman; the Companys dependence on the Manager and impact
of the management fee on the Companys total partners capital; the Companys ability to comply with the listing standards
of the New York Stock Exchange; the impact to the development of an active market for the Companys units due to transfer restrictions
and other factors; the Companys tax treatment and its subsidiaries ability to fully utilize their tax benefits; the loss of essential
employees; and other risks detailed from time to time in filings we make with the SEC. These statements involve significant risks and
uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. Investors
should read carefully the factors described in the Risk Factors section of the Companys filings with the SEC, including
the Companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on
Form 10-K, for information regarding risk factors that could affect the Companys results. Any forward-looking statement made in
this annual letter or the press release speaks only as of the date hereof, and investors should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason.

*Non-GAAP Financial Measurements 

The financial data contained in this letter includes
certain non-GAAP financial measurements as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Adjusted EBITDA and
Net Cash. For definitions and reconciliations to the nearest GAAP measure, see our press release issued on March 11, 2024
at https://ir.steelpartners.com/press-releases.

16 | Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>splp-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>splp-20250311_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>splp-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Units, $0 par 

6.0% Series A Preferred Units 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>splp-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 11, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35493

Entity Registrant Name STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

Entity Central Index Key 0001452857

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-3727655

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 590 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 32nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 520-2300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Units, $0 par 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Units, $0 par

Trading Symbol SPLP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

6.0% Series A Preferred Units 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.0% Series A Preferred Units

Trading Symbol SPLP-PRA

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SPLP_CommonUnits0ParMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SPLP_Sec6.0SeriesPreferredUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://steelpartners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233921-8k_steelpart.htm 
splp-20250311.xsd 
splp-20250311_def.xml 
splp-20250311_lab.xml 
splp-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-022824-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0233921-8k_steelpart_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001452857 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

0001452857 

SPLP:CommonUnits0ParMember 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

0001452857 

SPLP:Sec6.0SeriesPreferredUnitsMember 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001452857 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
DE 
001-35493 
13-3727655 
590 Madison Avenue 
32nd Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
520-2300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units, $0 par 
SPLP 
NYSE 
6.0% Series A Preferred Units 
SPLP-PRA 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>