<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009784.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009784.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311080525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009784
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aspira Women's Health Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000926617
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				330595156
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34810
		FILM NUMBER:		25725904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12117 BEE CAVES ROAD BUILDING THREE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-519-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12117 BEE CAVES ROAD BUILDING THREE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERMILLION, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070824

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CIPHERGEN BIOSYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000316

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABIOTIC SYSTEMS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950407
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000092661700009266172025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2025

Aspira
Womens Health Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-34810 33-0595156

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

12117
Bee Caves Road, Building III, Suite 100, Austin, Texas 78738

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (512)519-0400

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share AWH Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 5, 2025, Aspira Womens Health, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain existing accredited shareholders (the Purchasers) for the issuance and sale in a
private placement (the Private Placement) of an aggregate principal amount of $1,370,000 in the form of Senior Secured
Convertible Promissory Notes (the Convertible Notes).

The
Convertible Notes, which are convertible into units consisting of one share of common stock and 2.25 warrants (the Warrants),
will be senior, secured obligations of the Company. Interest will accrue and be payable on a quarterly basis in kind at the applicable
federal rate (currently 3.34%). The Convertible Notes will mature on March 6, 2030, unless earlier
converted in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Notes, and the conversion price of the Convertible Notes is $0.25 per unit.
In addition, the Company shall have the option to convert the Convertible Notes into units at the Conversion Price if the sum of the
gross proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes and the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock and warrants
by the Company subsequent to the Private Placement equals or exceeds $4 million.

The
Warrants are exercisable for five years at $0.25 per share for the first 24 months after issuance, and $0.50 per share thereafter.

In
addition, the Company granted the Purchasers of the Convertible Notes certain customary registration rights with respect to the
shares of common stock and shares of common stock underlying the Warrants.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K Is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
March 11, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Exhibit

4.1 Form of Senior Convertible Note

4.2 Form of Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

99.1 Press Release dated March 11, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH INC.

Date:
March 11, 2025 By: /s/
Mike Buhle

Mike
Buhle

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

FORM
OF SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

THIS
NOTE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF OR UPON THE CONVERSION OF ACCRUED INTEREST AS FURTHER DESCRIBED HEREIN HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH STATE
SECURITIES LAWS.

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH, INC.

SENIOR
SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

$__________ Dated: January
24, 2025

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Aspira Womens Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay to the
order of the initial registered holder hereof, or its permitted assigns (Holder), upon the terms set forth below,
the principal sum of [ ] ($ ) (the Principal Amount), plus interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the
applicable federal rate to be paid in kind on a quarterly basis (the AFR).

The
term Note and all references thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this Senior Secured Convertible
Promissory Note as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

DEFINITIONS

In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this section of definitions:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)
if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Notes then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Collateral
shall mean all of the Companys right, title and interest, in and to, (i) all Intellectual Property, (ii) all blood samples held
by the Company whether created or purchased prior to or after the issuance of the Notes.

Common
Stock means the Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Intellectual
Property means (a) all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), all improvements
thereto, and all patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures, together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations-in-part,
revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof, (b) all trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, and corporate
names, together with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof and including all goodwill associated therewith,
and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (c) all copyrightable works, all copyrights, and all applications,
registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection
therewith, (e) all trade secrets and confidential business information (including ideas, research and development, know- how, formulas,
compositions, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer and
supplier lists, pricing and cost information, and business and marketing plans and proposals), (f) all computer software (including data
and related documentation), (g) all other proprietary rights, and (h) all copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever form or
medium), including, but not limited to, all the intellectually property described under Item 1. BUSINESS in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) on April 1, 2024 and other intellectual property of the Company that may be disclosed from time to time in
the Companys SEC filings thereafter.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., the current transfer agent
of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)
if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent Bid Price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

-1-

1.Principal
and Interest.

(a)
The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note based upon
the AFR, payable quarterly on each January 1, April 1, July 1, and October 1, which interest shall be added to the principal amount of
the Note.

(c)
The principal balance and accrued but unpaid interest under this Note (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of
this Note) shall be due and payable on [ ], 2030 (the Maturity Date).

(d)
The Company may prepay all or a portion of the principal balance under this Note and accrued and unpaid interest thereon before the
Maturity Date on sixty (60) days prior notice to the Holder without penalty or premium. The Holder shall remain entitled to
convert this Note as set forth herein after receipt of such prepayment notice until the Note is prepaid in full.

2.
Events of Default.

(a)
Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether
it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or
any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i)
the failure by the Company to make payment of principal or interest due under this Note at the Maturity Date; and

(ii)
any commencement by the Company of a case under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any
other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or
liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company; or any commencement
against the Company of any bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days; or
the adjudication of the Company as insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or
proceeding is entered; or the appointment of any custodian, receiver or the like for the Company or any substantial part of the
Companys property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or any general assignment by the
Company for the benefit of its creditors; or any statement in writing by the Company indicating an inability to pay its debts
generally as they become due.

(b)
If any Event of Default occurs, then upon such occurrence, in addition to all rights and remedies of Holder under this Note,
applicable law or otherwise, all such rights and remedies being cumulative, not exclusive and enforceable alternatively,
successively and concurrently, Holder may, at its option, declare due any or all of the Companys obligations, liabilities and
indebtedness owing to Holder under this Note whereupon the then unpaid aggregate balance thereof together with all accrued but
unpaid interest thereon as of such date shall immediately be due and payable, together with all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of
collection hereof, including, but not limited to, reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees and legal expenses (for this
purpose, the Company shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket trial and appellate attorneys fees, costs and expenses, paid or
incurred by Holder in connection with collection of this Note). If the foregoing unpaid aggregate balance, accrued interest,
expenses and collection costs are not paid upon demand upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (collectively, the
Default Balance), such Default Balance shall bear interest until paid in full at the rate of 15% per annum
payable in cash on a quarterly basis (the Default Rate). From and after maturity of this Note (whether upon the
scheduled Maturity Date, or by acceleration or otherwise), the Default Balance shall bear interest until paid in full at the Default
Rate.

Holder
need not provide and the Company hereby waives any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and Holder may immediately
and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available
to it under applicable law. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder.

-2-

3.
Seniority; Security.

(a) Seniority.
The unpaid principal of and interest on this Note and all other obligations of the Company of any kind whatsoever under or in
respect of this Note (the Senior Obligations) constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Company, and except
for any obligations which have priority under applicable law, rank at least pari passu in right of payment with all other
unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company or guaranteed by the Company and are senior and preferred in right of payment to all
equity securities of the Company, in each case, outstanding as of the date of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
else set forth in this Note, the Holder acknowledges and agrees (i) that the Company may incur or guarantee additional indebtedness
at any time after the date hereof, whether such indebtedness and/or the liens securing such indebtedness are senior, pari passu or
junior to the Senior Obligations and (ii) to enter in any intercreditor agreement or subordination agreement reasonably requested by
the Company to evidence such priority of payment and/or liens contemplated by such indebtedness incurred pursuant to the preceding
clause (i) (each, an Intercreditor Agreement).

(b) Security.
This Note shall constitute a security agreement as that term is used in the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to
time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York (the UCC) and the Company hereby grants to the Holder,
in order to secure the payment and performance of any and all existing and future obligations and liabilities of the Company owed to
Holder, including, without limitation, all existing advances and future advances and the Companys obligations under this
Note, a first lien (subject to any Intercreditor Agreement) and continuing security interest in and to the Collateral, whether now
owned or hereafter acquired by the Company, wherever located, and whether now or hereafter existing or arising (collectively, the
Secured Property) (terms used in this section 3(b) shall have the meaning provided in the UCC; provided, however,
that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the perfection or priority of, or remedies with
respect to, any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other than the
State of New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other
jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, priority or remedies); provided
further, that Collateral shall not include any Excluded Property and if and when any property shall cease
to be Excluded Property, such property shall be deemed at all times from and after the date hereof to constitute
Collateral.

As
used herein, Excluded Property shall mean (i) any permit, lease, license, contract, instrument or other agreement
held by the Company, including any property subject thereof, that prohibits or requires the consent of any person other than its Affiliates
as a condition to the creation by the Company of a lien thereon, or any permit, lease, license contract or other agreement or property
held by the Company to the extent that any requirement of law applicable thereto prohibits the creation of a lien thereon, but only,
in each case, to the extent, and for so long as, such prohibition is not terminated or rendered unenforceable or otherwise deemed ineffective
by the UCC (as defined below) or any other requirement of law and (ii) any United States intent-to-use trademark or service
mark application filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act prior to the filing of an Amendment to Allege Use or
a Statement of Use pursuant to Sections 1(c) or 1(d) of the Lanham Act, solely to the extent that, and only for so long
as, the grant of such security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of, render void or voidable, or result in
the cancellation of, such intent-to-use trademark or service mark application under federal law.

(c)
Cooperation. The Company will, at its own expense, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the Holder from
time to time such confirmatory assignments, conveyances, financing statements, powers of attorney, certificates and other assurances
or instruments and take such further steps relating to the Collateral and other property or rights covered by the interests hereby
granted, which the Holder, upon written discretion, deems reasonably appropriate or advisable to perfect, preserve or protect its
security interest in the Collateral. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company hereby authorizes the Holder to file any such
financing statements as the Holder shall determine to be necessary or advisable to perfect the security interest granted hereunder,
without the signature of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not be required to take any
action in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or required by the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction to create any security interests in assets
located or titled outside of the United States or to perfect or make enforceable any security interests in any such assets (it being
understood that there shall be no security agreements, pledge agreements or other collateral documents governed under the laws of
any jurisdiction other than the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia).

-3-

(d)
Remedies. In addition to all other rights, options, and remedies granted to the Holder under this Note, upon the occurrence and
during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Holder may exercise all other rights granted to it under this Note and all
rights under the UCC in effect in the applicable jurisdiction(s) and under any other applicable law, including the right to take
possession of, send notices regarding, and collect directly the Collateral, with or without judicial process, and to exercise all
rights and remedies available to the Holder with respect to the Collateral under the UCC in effect in the applicable
jurisdiction(s).

4. Conversion
of Note. This Note shall be convertible into units (the Phase I Units), consisting of shares of Common
Stock (the Conversion Shares) and warrants, substantially in the form attached to the Purchase Agreement, at a
conversion price of $0.25 per Unit (the Conversion Price), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section
4.

(a) Voluntary
Conversion Right. Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Note, for as long as this Note is outstanding, the
Holder shall have the right at its option, at any time, to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined below) into fully paid and
nonassessable Phase I Units in accordance with Section 4(c) at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). Conversion of this
Note may be made in whole or in part by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion). No
ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Conversion be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to
physically surrender this Note to the Company until the Note is no longer outstanding, in which case, the Holder shall surrender
this Note to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Conversion is
delivered to the Company. Partial conversion of this Note resulting in conversion of less than all of the Conversion Amount shall
have the effect of lowering the Conversion Amount outstanding hereunder. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Phase I Units converted and the date of such conversion. The Company shall deliver any objection to the Notice of
Conversion within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the conversion of a portion of the Note, the
number of Phase I Units available for conversion hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof.

(b) Conversion
Rate. The number of Phase I Units issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 4(a) shall be
determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate).

(i)
Conversion Amount means the entire outstanding and unpaid principal balance of this Note that may be converted
hereunder, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and shall include the accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such
principal balance and the Default Balance, if any.

(ii)
Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Share Delivery Date (as defined below) or other date of
determination, a price equal to $0.25 per Phase I Unit, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)
Mechanics of Conversion.

i.
Delivery of Phase I Units Conversion. The Company shall cause the Phase I Units converted hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by either, at the sole election of the Holder, (A) crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system, with respect to the Conversion Shares or (B) by physical delivery of a Warrant and
a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Conversion
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Conversion
by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Conversion and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Conversion (such
date, the Conversion Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Phase I Units with respect to which this Note has been converted,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Phase I Units.

-4-

ii.
Delivery of New Note Upon Conversion. If this Note shall have been converted in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Note, at the time of delivery of the Phase I Units, deliver to the Holder a new Note evidencing the rights
of the Holder to purchase the unconverted Phase I Units called for by this Note, which new Note shall in all other respects be identical
with this Note.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Phase I Units pursuant to Section
4(c)(i) by the Conversion Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such conversion.

iv.
No Fractional Units or Scrip. No fractional units or scrip representing fractional units shall be issued upon the conversion of
this Note. As to any fraction of a unit which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to receive upon such conversion, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Conversion Price or round up to the next whole unit.

v.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Phase I Units shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Phase I Units, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and the securities comprising such Phase I Units shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that securities comprising Phase I Units are to be issued in a name
other than the name of the Holder, this Note when surrendered for conversion shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form in the form
of Exhibit B attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient
to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing
of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar
functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

vi.
Mandatory Conversion. The Company shall have the option to convert this Note into Phase I Units at a price of $0.25 per Phase
I Unit if the sum of the (i) Notes and (ii) the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock and Warrants by the Company
following the closing of the sale of the Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement equals or exceeds $4 million.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely conversion
of this Note, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(d)
Certain Adjustments.

(i)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding:

(i)
pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon conversion of this Note), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv)
issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Conversion
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event, and the number of Phase I Units issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Conversion Price of this Note shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

-5-

(ii) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 4(d)(i) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all of the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any
limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to
such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(iii)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a
dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a
Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be
entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on
conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record
is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock
are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in
abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

-6-

(iv)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any
Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such
other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this
Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Phase I Unit that would have been issuable upon such conversion
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 4(h) on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section
4(h) on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a
Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any
conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(d) pursuant to written agreements in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for
a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and
the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Note (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and
severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may conversion every right and
power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
prior thereto under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

(v)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 4(d) shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as
the case may be. For purposes of this Section 4(d), the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a
given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and
outstanding.

-7-

(vi)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 4(d), the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of the Conversion Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or notes to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Note Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or Notes, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or Notes are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Note constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to conversion this Note during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

(e)
Reservation. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out
of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of this Note, such number of shares
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of this Note in full.

(f)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(g)
Compliance with Applicable Laws. Holder agrees to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of all federal and
state securities regulators, including but not limited to, the Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and
applicable state securities regulators with respect to disclosure, filings and any other requirements resulting in any way from the
issuance, transfer or conversion of this Note.

-8-

(h) Holders
Conversion Limitations. Except as set forth in this Section 4(h), a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of
this Note and this Note shall not be automatically converted, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, such Holder
(together with such Holders Affiliates, any other Persons acting as a group together, and any other Persons whose beneficial
ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99%
(the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by such Person and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with
respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by such Person and its Affiliates and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such
Person and its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Section 4(h), in
determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other
public filing with the Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice
by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. For any reason
at any time, upon the written or oral request of a Holder, where such request indicates that it is being made pursuant to this
Section 4(h), the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by a Holder and its Affiliates since the date as of
which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, a Holder may
from time to time increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation to any other percentage as specified in such notice;
provided that (i) any such increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day
after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to such Holder and not to any
other holder of this Note. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms hereof in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by a Holder for any purpose including for purposes
of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. No prior inability to convert this Note pursuant to this Section 4(h)
shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this Section 4(h) with respect to any subsequent determination of
whether this Note may be converted. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than
in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(h) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this
paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 4(h) or
to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

5. Transferability.
This Note and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Note at the principal office of the
Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Note substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Note or Notes in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Note evidencing the portion of this Note not so assigned, and this Note shall promptly be
cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Note in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Note in
full. The Note, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Phase I Units
without having a new Note issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder acknowledges and understands this Note has not been
registered under the Securities Act and transferred only (a) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act, (b) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or
(c) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. The Holder agrees that if any transfer of
this Note or any interest herein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, it may be required to
deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company.

-9-

6.
New Note. This Note may be divided or combined with other Notes upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Notes are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 5, as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or
combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Note or Notes in exchange for the Note or Notes to be divided or combined
in accordance with such notice. All Notes issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Note and
shall be identical with this Note except as to the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant thereto

7.
Cumulative Rights and Remedies. The rights and remedies of Holder expressed herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights and remedies otherwise available under this Note or applicable law (including at equity). The election of Holder to avail
itself of any one or more remedies shall not be a bar to any other available remedies.

8. Lost
or Stolen Note. If this Note is lost, stolen, mutilated or otherwise destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver to Holder
a new convertible note containing the same terms, and in the same form, as this Note. In such event, the Company may require Holder
to deliver to the Company an affidavit of lost instrument and customary indemnity in respect thereof as a condition to the delivery
of any such new convertible note, but not the posting of any bond.

10.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Holder.

(a)
Nature of Purchase. The Holder represents that it is receiving this Note, and the Phase I Units that may be issued upon
conversion, if any, for its own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Holder understands that this Note and
the Phase I Units have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be resold only if registered pursuant to the provisions
of the Securities Act or if an exemption from registration is available, except under circumstances where neither such registration
nor such an exemption is required by law, and that the Company is not required to register this Note.

(b) Accredited
Investor. The Holder represents that it is an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act acting for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary or agent for others
(which others are also accredited investors). The Holder further represents that it has had the opportunity to ask
questions of the Company and received answers concerning the terms and conditions of Note and the Conversion Shares.

(c)
Access to Information. The Holder represents that it has received access to all information necessary to evaluate the Note and
the Conversion Shares and make an investment decision thereon, including any financial information of the Company so
requested.

(d)
Plan or Intent to Sell. At the time of issuance of this Note and the Conversion Shares, the Holder has no plan or intention to
sell, exchange, distribute, dispose of or otherwise transfer this Note or the Conversion Shares.

(e)
Treatment of Notes. The Holder shall treat this Note as indebtedness for all purposes, including

U.S.
federal income tax purposes.

11. Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by this Note (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail
or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an
action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

-10-

12.
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other
provision of this Note, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Note, which results in any
material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

13. Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 12117 Bee Caves Road, Building III, Suite 100, Austin, Texas, Attention: Mr. Mike Buhle, email
address: mbuhle@aspirawh.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the
Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail
address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next
Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth
in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or
contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such
notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

14.
Taxes. The Company shall be solely responsible for any necessary tax or assessment relating to this Note.

15.
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to convert this Note, and
no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

15. Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific performance of its rights under this Note. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for
any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Note and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the
defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

16. Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Note and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of
Holder. The provisions of this Note are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Note and shall be
enforceable by the Holder or holder of Note Shares.

17.
Amendment. This Note may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the
one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

-11-

18.
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Note shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Note shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the
remaining provisions of this Note.

19.
Headings. The headings used in this Note are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a
part of this Note.

20.
Cancellation. After all unpaid principal and interest owed on this Note has been paid in full or converted, this Note shall be
surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

Signature
Page Follows

-12-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Note on behalf of the Company and not as a surety or guarantor or in any
other capacity.

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH, INC.

By: /s/
Mike Buhle

Name:
Mike
Buhle

Title:
CEO

Signature
Page to Convertible Note

-13-

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION

Reference
is made to the Convertible Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by Aspira Womens Health, Inc. (the Company).
In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note)
of the Note indicated below into Phase I Units, comprised of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, (the Common
Stock) and warrants of the Company, as of the date specified below.

Date of Conversion:

Aggregate Conversion
Amount to be converted:

Please confirm
the following information

Conversion Price:

Number
of Phase I units to be issued comprised of

[ 
] shares of Common Stock and

[ 
] warrants

Please DWAC
the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted in the following name and to the following account:

Broker no:
_______________

Account no:
_________________

D. If in Certificated
Form, deliver to:

E. Facsimile Number:

F. E-mail Address:

Authorization

By:__________________________

Name:

Title:

-14-

EXHIBIT
C

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Note, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to convert shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Note and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: Email Address:

Dated:
______, ________________________

Holders
Signature:_________________________

Holders
Address:___________________________

-15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

FORM
OF WARRANT

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES
A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH INC.

Warrant
Shares: [] Issuance
Date: [], 2025

THIS
SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after [ ]1 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior
to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [ ]2 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from Aspira Womens Health Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to
[]3 shares of Common Stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase
price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
are then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Ordinary Share so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Ordinary Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in
good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1
Warrants will be exercisable on such date that is six months from the Issuance Date.

2
Such date that is the five year anniversary of the Issuance Date.

3
Warrants will be for the purchase of such number of shares of Common Stock equal to 225% of each Purchasers Shares.

1

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means shares of common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance has the meaning assigned to it in the Purchase Agreement.

Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February __, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents has the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Ordinary Share so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant issued by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Section
2. Exercise.

(a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice
of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share under this Warrant shall be $0.50, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Late
Exercise Price); provided, however, if this Warrant is exercised during the first two (2) years after the Issuance Date
(Early Exercise Period), the exercise price shall automatically be reduced to $0.25, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Early Exercise Price and together with the Late Exercise Price, the Exercise Price).

3

(c)
Cashless Exercise. Subsequent to the Early Exercise Period, if at any time there is no effective registration statement registering,
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for, the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) =
as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the
Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise
is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular
trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP
on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is
a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) =
the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) =
the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than
a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

(d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the
Companys transfer agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there
is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or
resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless
exercise and Rule 144 is then available, and otherwise by delivery of a book entry statement,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee,
for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise
to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one
(1) Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise and the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is
received within one (1) Trading Day following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the
Company fails for any reason to (A) deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a
Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, or (B) remove the restrictive legends,
if any, placed on any outstanding Warrant Shares within one (1) Trading Day (the Legend
Removal Date) after such legends become removable pursuant to Section 2(g) of
the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise or for which
legends can be removed (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise or Legend Removal Date, as applicable), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date or
Legend Removal Date, as applicable) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date or Legend Removal Date until, as applicable, (A) such Warrant Shares are delivered without
restrictive legends or Holder rescinds such exercise, or (B) restrictive legends are removed
from the applicable Warrant Shares. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that
is a participant in the FAST program for so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and
exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the
Notice of Exercise.

4

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to
such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any
other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required
pursuant to the terms hereof; it being understood and agreed that any payment hereunder supersedes any obligation to provide such payment
pursuant to Section 2(g) of the Purchase Agreement with respect to the applicable Warrant Shares.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

5

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees, if any, required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Warrant Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 2(d)(vi) shall require the Company to deliver the Warrant Shares
on a date earlier than the Warrant Share Delivery Date.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of shares of outstanding Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of shares of outstanding Common Stock as reflected in (A) if any, the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or its transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of shares of outstanding Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of shares of outstanding Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to
the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

(a)
Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each
case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

(b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

7

(c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin
off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one shares of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Stock
acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to
such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but
taking into account the relative value of the Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this
Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company
under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of
this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and
the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally
with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect
as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

8

(e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a report on Form
8-K or another appropriate report. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date
of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

9

(g)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board
of directors of the Company.

(h)
Intentionally Omitted.

(i)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If the Company closes the Subsequent Financing at a price that is less than $0.25 per offered security,
the Early Exercise Price shall automatically be reduced to such lower amount.

(j)
Intentionally omitted.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions of this Warrant, this Warrant and
all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable
upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issuance Date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Intentionally omitted.

(b)
No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting
any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c), in no event shall the
Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

10

(c)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or share certificate.

(d)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

(e)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

11

(f)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(g)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at Aspira Womens Health Inc., 12117 Bee Caves Road, Building Three, Suite 100,
Austin, Texas 78738, Attention: Mike Buhle, email address: mbuhle@aspirawh.com, or such other email address or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service
addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the
next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth
in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a report on Form 8-K or another appropriate report.

(j)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

12

(k)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

(n)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

(o)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

14

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: ASPIRA WOMENS HEALTH
INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following:

[
] Restricted book-entry registration in the name of:

_______________________________

OR

[
] DWAC Account Number if permissible:

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

15

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please
Print)

Address: ______________________________________

(Please
Print)

Phone Number ___________________________

Email Address: ___________________________

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: _____________________ 

Holders
Address:_____________________ 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 5, 2025 (the Effective Date),
between Aspira Womens Health Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on
the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.I(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Closing
Amount shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the date on which the Closing occurs.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Conversion
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Notes.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Company, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Company.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan or similar plan or program, duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the
Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered
to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights
that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith for a period of 60 days from the Closing Date,
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities and (d) securities issued
in a firm commitment public offering or an at-the-market offering.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.l(p).

Knowledge
or knowledge of the Company means the actual knowledge, without duty of inquiry of any officer of the Company.

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.l(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Losses
means losses, damages, taxes, liabilities, obligations, deficiencies, claims, interest, awards, judgments, penalties, costs and expenses
(including reasonable and documented attorneys fees, experts fees and disbursements, and other out-of-pocket costs and
expenses incurred in investigating, preparing or defending the foregoing).

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.l(b).

-2- 

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.l(n).

Notes
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Phase
I Units shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (including a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted
from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A under the Securities Act), as amended
or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Securities covered by the
Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.l(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.l(h).

Securities
means the Notes, the Units, the Shares, the Conversion Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

-3- 

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and all exhibits and schedules hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., the current transfer agent
of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, up to $1,500,000 (the Closing Amount) of senior secured convertible notes, substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notes), which Notes shall be convertible into units (the Phase
I Units) consisting of shares of Common Stock and warrants, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
(the Warrants), at a conversion price of $0.25 per Unit (the Conversion Price); provided, however,
if the Company closes the Subsequent Financing (as defined herein) at a price that is less than $0.25 per offered security, the Conversion
Price shall automatically be reduced to such lower amount at which securities are sold in the Subsequent Financing (the Adjusted
Purchase Price), and the Purchaser shall be issued such number of additional Phase I Units the Purchaser would have received
if the Purchaser purchased the Phase I Units pursuant to this Agreement based upon the Adjusted Purchase Price. On the Closing Date,
each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers
initial subscription amount (the Subscription Amount) as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such
Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Note, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2, and the Company
and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the closing of the Closing Amount (the Closing).
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Company
or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a Note in the aggregate principal amount set forth below the Purchasers name on the signature page hereto; and

(iii)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by an officer
of the Company.

-4- 

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii)
a duly executed selling stockholder questionnaire, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Selling Stockholder
Questionnaire); and

(i)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a
specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the receipt from each Purchasers of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(iv)
the receipt by the Company of the Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy when made and on the Closing Date (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such
date) of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (without giving effect to any materiality or Material Adverse
Effect qualification therein) in each case except where such in accuracy would not, and would reasonably be expected to, result in a
Material Adverse Effect;

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company to the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each
Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth
in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free
and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

-5- 

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect);
provided that, for purposes of clause (ii), the following shall not be deemed a Material Adverse Effect: (I) any adverse effect on the
economic condition or financial markets general, or of the industry in which the Company operates, (II) the outbreak or worsening of
any war, hostility or conflict, or (III) the occurrence or worsening of any natural disaster, fire, storm, flood, disease outbreak, pandemic
or epidemic.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii)
and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-6- 

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement and (ii) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required
to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company
other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents or imposed by applicable securities laws. The Company has
duly authorized capital stock sufficient to issue the maximum number of Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement, the Notes and the
Warrants.

(g)
Capitalization. The authorized capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the SEC
Reports, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities or pursuant to
the Companys equity incentive plan, outstanding warrants disclosed in the SEC Reports or other Exempt Issuances, there are no
outstanding options, warrants, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of
the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board
of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are
no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which
the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and
regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

-7- 

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof: (i) there has been
no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the
Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not materially altered its method
of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any
equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans.

(j)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator,
governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action)
that (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the issuance
of the Securities or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof (in their capacity as such), is or has been the subject
of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or
any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are
in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms
and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including, without limitation, all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

-8- 

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee
simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the
business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect
the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company
and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made
therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities
held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company
and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within one (1) year from the date of
this Agreement, in each case as would have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim
or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would
not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual
properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice that it will
not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers
as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. None of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge
of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of
money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $500,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock
option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

-9- 

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports,
the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, and (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization. The Company and the Subsidiaries
have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the
Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act.

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby.

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares and
Warrants, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject
to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and other than each of the Purchasers, no Person has any right to
cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x)
Intentionally Omitted.

(y)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or would become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

-10- 

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

(aa)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(bb)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
under this Agreement by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only
to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge of the Company, such accounting
firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the
financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares and Warrants. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that
the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent
evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(gg)
Intentionally Omitted.

-11- 

(hh)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(ii)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) To the Companys knowledge there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to
any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data
(including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of
it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not
been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach
or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data, in each case of clauses (x) and (y) that have or would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with
all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable
safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent
with industry standards and practices.

(jj)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(kk)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(ll)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(l)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder upon request.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

-12- 

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and
not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either: (i)
an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(l), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under
the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

-13- 

(g)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser, the Company
may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer
does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee
shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and shall have the rights and obligations
of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on the Securities in the following form:

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON CONVERSION/EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER
OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

-14- 

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Securities shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while
a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities
Act, (ii) following any sale of such Securities pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144,
or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser
if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. The Company
agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two
(2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery
by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such date,
the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such Shares
that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the
Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the
Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant
Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend.

(d)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing shares
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the earlier of (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have
expired, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and
to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed
by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act for so long as the Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4.2 will prevent the Company from pursuing and completing
an acquisition of the Company pursuant to which, as a result of the completion of any such acquisition, the Common Stock is no longer
registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement entered into in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (whether written or oral), between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall
terminate. No Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement regarding the transaction contemplated
by this Agreement without the prior consent of the Company, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing
party shall promptly provide the Company with prior notice of such public statement or communication.

-15- 

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general
corporate purposes.

4.7
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which
indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company
shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any
Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has
been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such
defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for
the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under
this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable
to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be the sole and exclusive remedy
available to each Purchaser Party with respect to the matters covered thereby.

4.8
Indemnification of Company. Each Purchaser shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and
hold harmless the Company and its representatives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as
incurred, to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue statement or alleged misstatement of
a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto
or in any preliminary prospectus in any case covering the Securities issued hereunder or
the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, if such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by or
on behalf of Purchasers expressly for use in preparation of the Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in
any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus. In no event shall the liability of a selling Purchaser be
greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Purchaser in
connection with any claim relating to this Section 4.8 and the amount of any damages such Purchaser has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Purchaser upon
the sale of such Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

4.9
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser
by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of
the Securities or otherwise.

-16- 

4.10
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that
(i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities
of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial
press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any
securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after
the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, in each case without limiting the obligations under any agreement
entered into other than in connection with the matters set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that
is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and
the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of
such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares and Warrants covered by this Agreement.

4.11
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or
to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the
states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.12
Registration Rights. Within a reasonable time following the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2024, the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company
is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Securities issued hereunder. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective following the filing thereof and to keep such registration
statement effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Securities.

4.13
Director Nominees. Certain Purchasers whose Non-Disclosure Agreements remain in force as of the Effective Date (NDA
Investors) shall be entitled, as a group together with purchasers included in a subsequent financing pursuant to which the
Company raises a maximum of $3,500,000 pursuant to the sale of its securities (the Subsequent Financing), to appoint an
aggregate of three (3) directors to the Companys Board of Directors for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date of this
Agreement.

4.14
Monthly Reports; Management Calls. The NDA Investors shall have the right, upon request, to receive from the Company monthly reports
detailing the Companys performance and may participate in the Companys management calls for a period of one (1) year from
the Effective Date of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

-17- 

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c)
the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications
shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Notes based on the
Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against
whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and
adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest (based on the Subscription Amounts
hereunder) of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with
respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver
of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

-18- 

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for
a period of one year from the Closing, and shall thereupon terminate, provided that no such termination shall limit the liability for
any claim (and only such claim) asserted prior to such termination.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

-19- 

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
No Other Representations. Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges that (a) there are no representations or warranties by
or on behalf of any party hereto or any of its respective Affiliates or any other Person other than those expressly set forth in this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, (b) no party hereto has relied or will rely in respect of this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents upon any representation or warranty or any document or written or oral information previously made available to,
furnished to or discovered by it, other than the representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, and (c) the parties respective rights and obligations with respect to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
will be solely as set forth in this Agreement and such other Transaction Documents.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE
PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

-20- 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

ASPIRA
WOMENS HEALTH INC.

Name:
Michael Buhle

Title:
Chief Executive Officer

Address
for Notice:

Aspira
Womens Health Inc.

12117
Bee Caves Road, Building III, Suite 100

Austin,
Texas 78738

Attention:
Michael Buhle, Chief Executive Officer

Email:
mbuhle@aspirawh.com

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sheppard,
Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

30
Rockefeller Plaza

New
York, NY 10112

Attention:
Jeffrey J. Fessler, Esq.

E-mail:
jfessler@sheppardmullin.com

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

-21- 

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of
the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser:

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:

Name
of Authorized Signatory:

Title
of Authorized Signatory:

EIN
Number:

Postal
Mail Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Email
address(es) for Notice and delivery of instructions to receive purchased securities:

Subscription
Amount:

Principal
Amount of Note:

[PURCHASERS
SIGNATURE PAGES END]

-22-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Aspira
Womens Health Announces Closing of

$1.37
Million Private Placement of Convertible Notes

AUSTIN,
Texas, March 11, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Aspira Womens Health Inc. (Aspira or the Company)
(Nasdaq: AWH), a bio-analytical based womens health company focused on the development of gynecologic disease diagnostic tools,
today announced that it has entered into a securities purchase agreement dated March 6, 2025, pursuant to which the Company has sold
and issued an aggregate principal amount of $1.37 million in the form of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes due March 6, 2030
(the Convertible Notes) in a private placement (the Private Placement) with existing and new accredited investors.

The
Convertible Notes will be a senior, secured obligation of the Company and interest will accrue and be payable quarterly in kind at the
applicable federal rate (currently 3.34%). The Convertible Notes will mature on March 6, 2030 (the Maturity Date), unless
earlier converted in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Notes.

The
Convertible Notes will be convertible into units consisting of one share of common stock and 2.25 warrants at the option of the holder
at any time prior to the Maturity Date. The initial conversion price is $0.25 per unit (the Conversion Price). The warrants
are exercisable into common stock for five years after issuance at $0.50 per share. The investor may elect to exercise the warrants from
the 6 month anniversary of the date of issuance until the first 24 months after issuance, at $0.25 per share. The warrants shall not
be publicly tradeable. In addition, the Company shall have the option to convert the Convertible Notes into units at the Conversion Price
if the sum of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes and the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of common
stock and warrants by the Company subsequent to the Private Placement equals or exceeds $4 million.

Net
proceeds from the offering will be used to support Aspiras ongoing commercial activities as well as general corporate purposes
and working capital.

In
addition, the Company granted the purchasers of the Convertible Notes certain customary registration rights with respect to the shares
of common stock and shares of common stock underlying the warrants issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes.

We
are very pleased to announce this important capital infusion, said Mike Buhle, Chief Executive Officer at Aspira. We greatly
appreciate this strong demonstration of support and confidence shown by these investors. These shareholders are well apprised of the
current growth opportunities and near-term catalysts for Aspira, and their continued financial support has been key to our ability to
successfully pursue our business objectives for 2025 and beyond.

-1-

The
securities offered and sold by the Company in the Private Placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The securities will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws when issued at the closing of the private placement, and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws.

About
Aspira Womens Health Inc. 

Aspira
Womens Health Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, development, and commercialization of noninvasive, AI-enabled tests to aid in
the diagnosis of gynecologic diseases. 

OvaWatch
and Ova1Plus are offered to clinicians as OvaSuiteSM. Together, they provide the only comprehensive portfolio of blood
tests to aid in the detection of ovarian cancer risk for the more than 1.2 million American women diagnosed with an adnexal mass each
year. OvaWatch provides a negative predictive value of 99% and is used to assess ovarian cancer risk for women where initial clinical
assessment indicates the mass is indeterminate or benign, and thus surgery may be premature or unnecessary. Ova1Plus is a reflex process
of two FDA-cleared tests, Ova1 and Overa, to assess the risk of ovarian malignancy in women with an adnexal mass planned for
surgery. 

Our
in-development test pipeline will expand our ovarian cancer portfolio and address the need for non-invasive diagnostics for endometriosis,
a debilitating disease that impacts millions of women worldwide. In ovarian cancer, we intend to combine microRNA and protein biomarkers
with patient data to further enhance the sensitivity and specificity of our current tests and expand the indicated population to screen
women with a family history of ovarian cancer or a germline mutation. Through our ongoing endometriosis development program, we are combining
microRNA and protein biomarkers with patient data, with the intent of identifying endometriosis independent of disease location or severity.

-2-

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things,
the timing and completion of any products in the development pipeline and other statements that are predictive in nature, and whether
the marketing of the OvaSuite portfolio will prove successful. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed due to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words
such as designed to, expect, plan, anticipate, could, may,
intend, will, continue, future, and other words of similar meaning and the use
of future dates. These and additional risks and uncertainties are described more fully in the Companys filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC), including those factors identified as Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. If any of these risks materialize or
our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements.
There may be additional risks that Aspira presently does not know, or that Aspira currently believes are immaterial, that could also
cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect
Aspiras expectations, plans, or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this press release. Subsequent events and
developments may cause the Companys assessments to change. However, while Aspira may elect to update these forward-looking statements
at some point in the future, Aspira expressly disclaims any obligation to do so, except as required by law. These forward-looking statements
should not be relied upon as representing Aspiras assessments of any date after the date of this press release. Accordingly, undue
reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. 

Investor
Relations Contact: 

Jamie
Sullivan

jsullivan@aspirawh.com

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>awh-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>awh-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>awh-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34810

Entity Registrant Name Aspira
Womens Health Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000926617

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0595156

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 12117
Bee Caves Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building III

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78738

City Area Code (512)

Local Phone Number 519-0400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol AWH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aspirawh.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

awh-20250305.xsd 
awh-20250305_lab.xml 
awh-20250305_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009784-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000926617 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000926617 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
Aspira Womens Health Inc. 
DE 
001-34810 
33-0595156 
12117 Bee Caves Road 
Building III 
Suite 100 
Austin 
TX 
78738 
(512) 
519-0400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
AWH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>