<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-005600.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-005600.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123160524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-005600
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PLUG POWER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001093691
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				223672377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34392
		FILM NUMBER:		25550133

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 VISTA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SLINGERLANDS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12159
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5187827700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 VISTA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SLINGERLANDS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12159
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254135d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000109369100010936912025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 16, 2025

Plug Power Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware 1-34392 22-3672377

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission
File (IRS
Employer

of
incorporation) Number) Identification
No.)

125 Vista Boulevard,

Slingerlands, New York 12159

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (518)
782-7700

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below): 

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share PLUG The
NasdaqCapital
Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement, FFB Note Purchase Agreement, and
FFB Promissory Note

As previously disclosed, on May 14, 2024, the
U.S. Department of Energy (the DOE) issued a conditional commitment letter to Plug Power Inc. (the Company)
and Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC (the Borrower), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, for a loan guarantee
of up to $1.66 billion through the DOEs Loan Programs Office (the DOE Loan Program) to finance the development, construction,
and ownership of up to six green hydrogen production facilities (each a Facility and, together, the Facilities).

On January 16, 2025, (i) the Borrower, the DOE,
acting by and through the Secretary of Energy, and the Federal Financing Bank (the FFB) entered into a Note Purchase Agreement
(the FFB Note Purchase Agreement) in respect of which, among other things, the DOE provided a guarantee of (x) the Borrowers
obligations to repay term loan borrowings and capitalized interest (such loans and capitalized interest, collectively, the Guaranteed
Loan) provided by the FFB to the Borrower and evidenced by an initial future advance promissory note (the FFB Promissory
Note) and (y) the Borrowers other obligations owing to FFB in respect of the Guaranteed Loan and (ii) in connection and
concurrently therewith, the Borrower and Plug Power Limestone, LLC (the Limestone Project Company), a wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Loan Guarantee Agreement (the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement) with the DOE.

The FFB Promissory Note provides for an initial
extension of the Guaranteed Loan, subject to the achievement of certain conditions, in an aggregate maximum principal amount of up to
$387,598,647.06 and an aggregate maximum amount of capitalized interest of up to $26,807,693.17 to finance the development, construction,
and ownership of a Facility in Young County, Texas (the Limestone Project) by the Limestone Project Company.

The DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement provides for
a multi draw term loan facility (the DOE Loan Facility) by way of a series of advances under the Guaranteed Loan (each,
an Advance), each such Advance being subject to the achievement of certain conditions. Advances under the Guaranteed Loan
will be used to reimburse each Project Company (as such term is defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement) for Eligible Project Cost
Reimbursement Amounts (as such term is defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement) and pay for Eligible Project Costs (as such term is
defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement).

The final scheduled maturity date for the DOE
Loan Facility is March 5, 2043. Interest and scheduled principal amortization payments on the Guaranteed Loan are payable quarterly, commencing
on June 5, 2028. Each Advance shall bear interest at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate at the time an Advance is made to the Borrower
plus 2%.

The Borrower is obligated to reimburse the DOE
for any payments the DOE is required to make to the FFB in connection with the Guaranteed Loan. The Borrowers reimbursement obligations
to the DOE under the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement, together with all other obligations of the Borrower owing to the DOE, FFB and other
secured parties thereunder, are full recourse and secured by a lien on all real and personal property and intellectual property collateral
of the Borrower and each Project Company (as such term is defined in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement).

The approval and funding of any disbursements
of the Guaranteed Loan will be subject to the satisfaction of conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, evidence of satisfaction
of certain technical and performance related conditions precedent, adequate project funding, reports from certain technical consultants
and advisors, and the receipt of certain financial models demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in the DOE Loan
Guarantee Agreement.

The Company acts as guarantor in connection with
the Guaranteed Loan.

Under the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement, the Borrower
and the Company are subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for loan facilities extended under the DOE Loan Program
including, among other things, covenants regarding (i) financial testing compliance, (ii) restrictions on operations and use, (iii) change
of control, (iv) project-related reporting and information requirements and (v) compliance with the requirements of applicable law and
the DOE Loan Program.

In addition, the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement
contains certain representations and warranties customary for loan facilities extended under the DOE Loan Program including, among other
things, representations and warranties regarding: (i) the organization and existence of the Borrower and the Company, (ii) authority and
the absence of any conflicts, (iii) capitalization, (iv) solvency and (v) compliance with applicable law and the DOE Loan Program. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement.

The foregoing descriptions of the FFB Note Purchase
Agreement, FFB Promissory Note, and DOE Loan Guarantee Agreement are not complete and qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of such agreements, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1-10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report)
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this
Report is incorporated into this Item 2.03.

Forward-Looking Statements

Except for the historical
information contained herein, the matters set forth in this Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements about the Companys expectation that the loan guarantee will support the construction of the Facilities; the ability
of the Company to satisfy the conditions under the loan guarantee and draw on the loan guarantee and the expectation that the Company
will benefit from the loan guarantee and expand its domestic manufacturing and hydrogen production capabilities. You are cautioned that
such statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results as such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Actual performance or results may differ materially from those expressed in these statements as a result of various factors, including,
but not limited to, the following: the risk that the Companys ability to achieve its business objectives and to continue to meet
its obligations is dependent upon its ability to maintain a certain level of liquidity, which will depend in part on its ability to manage
its cash flows; the risk that the funding of its loan guarantee from the DOE may be delayed and the risk that the Company may not be able
to satisfy all of the technical, legal, environmental or financial conditions acceptable to the DOE to receive the full loan guarantee;
the risk that the Company may continue to incur losses and might never achieve or maintain profitability; the risk that the Company may
not be able to raise additional capital to fund its operations and such capital may not be available to the Company on favorable terms
or at all; the risk that the Company may not be able to expand its business or manage its future growth effectively; the risk that global
economic uncertainty, including inflationary pressures, fluctuating interest rates, currency fluctuations, increase in tariffs, and supply
chain disruptions, may adversely affect its operating results; the risk that the Company may not be able to obtain from its hydrogen suppliers
a sufficient supply of hydrogen at competitive prices or the risk that the Company may not be able to produce hydrogen internally at competitive
prices; the risk that delays in or not completing its product and project development goals may adversely affect its revenue and profitability;
the risk that its estimated future revenue may not be indicative of actual future revenue or profitability; the risk of elimination, reduction
of, or changes in qualifying criteria for government subsidies and economic incentives for alternative energy products, including the
Inflation Reduction Act and its qualification to utilize the PTC; and the risk that the Company may not be able to manufacture and market
products on a profitable and large-scale commercial basis.

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are also subject to additional risks, uncertainties, and factors, including those more fully described in the
Companys most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. Further information on potential risks that could
affect actual results will be included in the subsequent periodic and current reports and other filings that the Company makes with the
SEC from time to time. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks and uncertainties
may emerge that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Report.

Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and, except as
required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Title

10.1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and among Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, the U.S. Department of Energy, and the Federal Financing Bank.

10.2 Future Advance Promissory Note of Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, dated January 16, 2025.

10.3*# Loan Guarantee Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, Plug Power Limestone, LLC, and the U.S. Department of Energy.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

* Portions of these exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because they are both (i) not material
and (ii) contain the type of information that the Company customarily and actually treats as private and confidential.

# Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish
supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Plug Power Inc.

Date: January 23, 2025 By: /s/ Paul Middleton

Name: Paul Middleton

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254135d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

NOTE
PURCHASE AGREEMENT made as of January 16, 2025, by and among the FEDERAL FINANCING BANK ("FFB"),
a body corporate and instrumentality of the United States of America, PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC (the "Borrower"),
a limited liability company duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and the SECRETARY OF ENERGY, acting
through the Department of Energy (the "Secretary").

WHEREAS,
the Secretary is authorized, pursuant to the Guarantee Act (as hereinafter defined), to guarantee loans that meet the requirements
of the Guarantee Act; and

WHEREAS,
FFB is authorized, under section 6(a) of the FFB Act (as hereinafter defined), to make commitments to purchase, and to
purchase on terms and conditions determined by FFB, any obligation that is issued, sold, or guaranteed by an agency of the United States
of America; and

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the FFB Act, FFB has entered into the Program Financing Agreement (as hereinafter defined) with the Secretary
setting forth the commitment of FFB to enter into agreements to purchase notes issued by entities designated by the Secretary when those
notes have been guaranteed by the Secretary, and the commitment of the Secretary to guarantee those notes; and

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Program Financing Agreement, the Secretary has delivered to FFB and the Borrower a Designation Notice (as
hereinafter defined) designating the Borrower to be a "Borrower" for purposes of the Program Financing Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
FFB is entering into this Note Purchase Agreement, as authorized by section 6(a) of the FFB Act and in fulfillment of
its commitment under the Program Financing Agreement, setting out, among other things, FFB's agreement to purchase, pursuant to the FFB
Act, the Note (as hereinafter defined) to be issued by the Borrower, when the terms and conditions specified herein have been satisfied,
as hereinafter provided.

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, FFB, the Secretary, and the Borrower agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Definitions.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the respective meanings specified in this section 1.1, unless the context clearly requires otherwise.

"Advance" shall mean
an advance of funds made by FFB under the Note in accordance with the provisions of article 7 of this Agreement.

"Advance Identifier"
shall mean, for each Advance, the particular sequence of letters and numbers constituting the Note Identifier plus the particular sequence
of additional numbers assigned by FFB to the respective Advance in the interest rate confirmation notice relating to such Advance delivered
by FFB in accordance with section 7.7 of this Agreement.

"Advance Request" shall
mean a letter from a Borrower requesting an Advance under the Note, in the form of letter attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement.

"Advance Request Approval Notice"
shall mean the written notice from the Department located at the end of an Advance Request advising FFB that such Advance Request has
been approved on behalf of the Secretary.

"Borrower Instruments"
shall have the meaning specified in section 3.2.1 of this Agreement.

"Borrower State" shall
have the meaning specified in Schedule I to this Agreement.

"Business Day" shall
mean any day on which FFB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are both open for business.

"Certificate Specifying Authorized
Borrower Signatories" shall mean a certificate of the Borrower specifying the names and titles of those individuals who are
authorized to execute and deliver from time to time Advance Requests on behalf of the Borrower, and containing the original signature
of each of those individuals, substantially in the form of the Certificate Specifying Authorized Borrower Signatories attached as Exhibit B
to this Agreement.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 2

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

"Certificate Specifying Authorized
Department Officials" shall mean a certificate specifying the names and titles of those officials of the Department who are
authorized to execute and deliver Advance Request Approval Notices from time to time on behalf of the Secretary and setting out the original
signature of each of those authorized officials, and specifying the name and title of those officials of the Department who are authorized
to confirm telephonically the authenticity of the Advance Request Approval Notices from time to time on behalf of the Secretary and setting
out the telephone number of each of those authorized officials, in the form of the Certificate Specifying Authorized Department Officials
attached as Annex 1 to the Program Financing Agreement.

"Department" shall
mean the Department of Energy.

"Designation Notice"
shall mean, generally, a notice from the Secretary to FFB and the particular entity identified therein as the respective "Borrower,"
designating that entity to be a "Borrower" for purposes of the Program Financing Agreement, in the form of notice that is attached
as Annex 2 to the Program Financing Agreement; and "the Designation Notice" shall mean the particular
Designation Notice delivered by the Secretary to FFB and the Borrower designating the Borrower to be a "Borrower" for purposes
of the Program Financing Agreement.

"FFB Act" shall mean
the Federal Financing Bank Act of 1973 (Pub. L. No. 93-224, 87 Stat. 937, codified at 12 U.S.C. 2281 et seq.),
as amended.

"Governmental Approval"
shall mean any approval, consent, authorization, license, permit, order, certificate, qualification, waiver, exemption, or variance,
or any other action of a similar nature, of or by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of its properties.

"Governmental Authority"
shall mean any federal, state, county, municipal, or regional authority, or any other entity of a similar nature, exercising any executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative function of government.

"Governmental Judgment"
shall mean any judgment, order, decision, or decree, or any action of a similar nature, of or by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction
over the Borrower or any of its properties.

"Governmental Registration"
shall mean any registration, filing, declaration, or notice, or any other action of a similar nature, with or to a Governmental Authority
having jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of its properties.

"Governmental Rule"
shall mean any statute, law, rule, regulation, code, or ordinance of a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower or
any of its properties.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 3

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

"Guarantee Act" shall
mean Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Pub. L. No. 109-58, 119 Stat. 594, 1117, codified at 42 U.S.C. 16511
et seq.), as amended.

"Holder" shall mean,
with respect to the Note, FFB, for so long as it shall be the holder of such Note, and any successor or assignee of FFB, for so long
as such successor or assignee shall be the holder of such Note.

"Loan Commitment Amount"
shall have the meaning specified in Schedule I to this Agreement.

"Loan Guarantee Agreement"
shall have the meaning specified in Schedule I to this Agreement.

"Loan Servicer" shall
mean the Department, acting through the Loan Programs Office.

"Material Adverse Effect on
the Borrower" shall mean any material adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, business or prospects of the Borrower
or the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Borrower Instruments.

"Note" shall mean each
future advance promissory note payable to FFB, in the form of notes that are attached as Exhibit C to this Agreement, as
such Notes may be amended, supplemented, and restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Note Identifier" shall
mean, with respect to the Note, the particular sequence of letters and numbers assigned by FFB to the Note in the Principal Instruments
acceptance notice relating to the Note delivered by FFB in accordance with section 5.1 of this Agreement.

"Opinion of Borrower's Counsel
re: Borrower Instruments" shall mean an opinion of counsel from counsel to the Borrower, substantially in the form of opinion
that is attached as Exhibit D to this Agreement.

"Opinion of Secretary's Counsel
re: Secretary's Guarantees" shall mean an opinion of counsel from counsel to the Secretary, substantially in the form of opinion
that is attached as Exhibit E to this Agreement.

"Other Debt Obligation"
shall mean any note or any other evidence of an obligation for borrowed money of a similar nature, made or issued by the Borrower (other
than the Note purchased by FFB under this Agreement), or any mortgage, indenture, deed of trust or loan agreement with respect thereto
to which the Borrower is a party or by which the Borrower or any of its properties is bound (other than this Agreement).

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 4

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

"Person" shall mean
any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, trust company, unincorporated organization
or Governmental Authority.

"Principal Instruments"
shall have the meaning specified in section 4.2 of this Agreement.

"Program Financing Commitment
Amount" shall have the meaning specified in section 1.1 of the Program Financing Agreement.

"Program Financing Agreement"
shall mean the Program Financing Agreement dated as of September 2, 2009, between FFB and the Secretary, as such agreement may be
amended, supplemented, and restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Project State" shall
have the meaning specified in Schedule I to this Agreement.

"Requested Advance Amount"
shall have the meaning specified in section 7.3.1(a)(2) of this Agreement.

"Requested Advance Date"
shall have the meaning specified in section 7.3.1(a)(3) of this Agreement.

"Secretary's Certificate"
shall mean a certificate relating to the Secretary's Guarantee and other matters, in the form of certificate that is attached as Exhibit F
to this Agreement.

"Secretary's Guarantee"
shall mean a guarantee issued by the Secretary relating to the Note, in the form of guarantee that is attached as Exhibit G
to this Agreement.

"Secretary's Instruments"
shall have the meaning specified in section 3.3.1 this Agreement.

"Security Instruments"
shall have the meaning specified in Schedule I to this Agreement.

"this Agreement" shall
mean this Note Purchase Agreement between FFB, the Secretary, and the Borrower.

"Uncontrollable Cause"
shall mean an unforeseeable cause beyond the control and without the fault of FFB, being: act of God, fire, flood, severe weather,
epidemic, quarantine restriction, explosion, sabotage, act of war, act of terrorism, riot, civil commotion, lapse of the statutory authority
of the United States Department of the Treasury to raise cash through the issuance of Treasury debt instruments, disruption or failure
of the Treasury Financial Communications System, closure of the Federal Government, or an unforeseen or unscheduled closure or evacuation
of the FFB offices.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 5

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 1.2 Rules of Interpretation.

Unless the context shall otherwise indicate, the
terms defined in section 1.1 of this Agreement shall include the plural as well as the singular and the singular as well as the plural. 
The words "herein," "hereof," and "hereto," and words of similar import, refer to this Agreement as a whole.
All references to "the Secretary" herein shall mean the Secretary in his or her official, and not individual, capacity, and
shall include designates thereof that may be duly authorized from time to time.

ARTICLE 2

FFB COMMITMENT TO PURCHASE THE NOTE

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
FFB agrees to purchase the Note that is offered by the Borrower to FFB for purchase under this Agreement.

ARTICLE 3

COMMITMENT CONDITIONS

FFB shall be under no obligation to purchase the
Note under this Agreement, and the Secretary shall be under no obligation to issue the Secretary's Guarantee guaranteeing such Note,
unless and until each of the conditions specified in this article 3 has been satisfied.

Section 3.1 Commitment Amount Limits.

3.1.1 Loan Commitment Amount.
The aggregate maximum principal amount of the Note that is offered for purchase shall not exceed the Loan Commitment Amount.

3.1.2 Program Financing Commitment
Amount. At the time that the Note is offered to FFB for purchase under this Agreement, the aggregate maximum principal amount of
the Note, when added to the aggregate maximum principal amount of all other notes that have been issued by entities that have been designated
by the Secretary in Designation Notices to be "Borrowers" for purposes of the Program Financing Agreement and which notes have
been guaranteed by the Secretary pursuant to the Guarantee Act, shall not exceed the Program Financing Commitment Amount.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 6

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 3.2 Borrower Instruments.

3.2.1 Borrower Instruments. FFB
shall have received the following instruments (such instruments being, collectively, the "Borrower Instruments"):

(a) an original counterpart of this
Agreement, duly executed by the Borrower; and

(b) the original Note, with all of
the blanks on page 1 of the Note filled in with information consistent with the information set out in the respective Designation
Notice, and duly executed by the Borrower.

3.2.2 Opinion of Borrower's Counsel
re: Borrower Instruments. FFB shall have received an Opinion of Borrower's Counsel re: Borrower Instruments.

3.2.3 Certificate Specifying Authorized
Borrower Signatories. FFB shall have received a completed and signed Certificate Specifying Authorized Borrower Signatories.

Section 3.3 Secretary's Instruments.

3.3.1 Secretary's Instruments.
FFB shall have received the following instruments (such instruments being, collectively, the "Secretary's Instruments"):

(a) an original counterpart of this
Agreement, duly executed by or on behalf of the Secretary;

(b) the original Secretary's Guarantee,
duly executed by or on behalf of the Secretary; and

(c) an original Secretary's Certificate
relating to the Secretary's Guarantee and other matters, duly executed by or on behalf of the Secretary.

3.3.2 Opinion of Secretary's Counsel
re: Secretary's Guarantees. FFB shall have received an Opinion of Secretary's Counsel re: Secretary's Guarantee.

Section 3.4 Conditions Specified in
Other Agreements.

Each of the conditions specified in the Program
Financing Agreement as being conditions to purchasing the Note shall have been satisfied, or waived by FFB or the Secretary, as the case
may be.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 7

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

ARTICLE 4

OFFER OF THE NOTE FOR PURCHASE

The Note that is to be offered to FFB for purchase
under this Agreement shall be offered in accordance with the procedures described in this article 4.

Section 4.1 Delivery of Borrower Instruments
to the Secretary.

The Borrower shall deliver to the Secretary, for
redelivery to FFB, the following:

(a) all of the Borrower Instruments,
each duly executed by the Borrower;

(b) an Opinion of Borrower's Counsel
re: Borrower Instruments; and

(c) a completed and signed Certificate
Specifying Authorized Borrower Signatories.

Section 4.2 Delivery of Principal Instruments
by the Secretary to FFB.

The Secretary shall deliver to FFB all of the
following instruments (collectively being the "Principal Instruments":

(a) all of the instruments described
in section 4.1;

(b) all of the Secretary's Instruments,
each duly executed by the Secretary; and

(c) an Opinion of Secretary's Counsel
re: Secretary's Guarantee.

ARTICLE 5

PURCHASE OF THE NOTE BY FFB

Section 5.1 Acceptance or Rejection
of Principal Instruments.

Within 5 Business Days after delivery to FFB of
the Principal Instruments relating to the Note that is offered for purchase under this Agreement, FFB shall deliver by electronic or
facsimile transmission (fax) to the Department one of the following:

(a) an acceptance notice, which
notice shall:

(1) state that the Principal Instruments
meet the terms and conditions detailed in article 3 of this Agreement, or are otherwise acceptable to FFB; and

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 8

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

(2) assign a Note Identifier to the
Note for use by the Borrower and the Department in all communications to FFB making reference to the Note; or

(b) a rejection notice, which notice
shall state that one or more of the Principal Instruments does not meet the terms and conditions of this Agreement and specify how such
instrument or instruments does not meet the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Section 5.2 Purchase.

FFB shall not be deemed to have accepted the Note
offered for purchase under this Agreement until such time as FFB shall have delivered an acceptance notice accepting the Principal Instruments
relating to the Note; provided, however, that in the event that FFB shall make an Advance under the Note, then FFB shall
be deemed to have accepted the Note offered for purchase.

ARTICLE 6

CUSTODY OF NOTE; LOSS OF NOTE, ETC.

Section 6.1 Custody.

FFB shall have custody of the Note purchased under
this Agreement until all amounts owed under the Note have been paid in full.

Section 6.2 Lost, Stolen, Destroyed,
or Mutilated Note.

In the event that the Note purchased under this
Agreement shall become lost, stolen, destroyed, or mutilated, the Borrower shall, upon a written request made by FFB to the Borrower,
with a copy to the Secretary, execute and deliver to FFB, in replacement thereof, a new Note of like tenor, dated and bearing interest
from the date to which interest has been paid on such lost, stolen, destroyed, or mutilated Note or, if no interest has been paid thereon,
dated the same date as such lost, stolen, destroyed, or mutilated Note. Upon delivery of such replacement Note to FFB, the Borrower shall
be released and discharged from any further liability on account of the lost, stolen, or destroyed Note. If the Note being replaced has
been mutilated, such mutilated Note shall be surrendered to the Borrower for cancellation. The Secretary shall deliver to FFB a confirmation
that the Secretary's Guarantee related to the lost, stolen, destroyed, or mutilated Note remains in full force and effect with respect
to the replacement Note.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 9

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

ARTICLE 7

ADVANCES

Section 7.1 Commitment.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
FFB agrees to make Advances under the Note for the account of the Borrower.

Section 7.2 Treasury Policies Applicable
to Advances.

Each of the Borrower and the Secretary understands
and consents to the following Treasury financial management policies generally applicable to all advances of funds:

(a) each Advance will be requested
by the Borrower, and each Advance Request will be approved by the Secretary, only at such time and in such amount as shall be necessary
to meet the immediate payment or disbursing need of the Borrower;

(b) each Advance will be requested
to be disbursed directly to the Borrower;

(c) Advances for investment purposes
will not be requested by the Borrower or approved by the Secretary; and

(d) all interest earned on any
lawful and permitted investment of Advances in excess of the interest accrued on such Advances will be remitted to FFB.

Section 7.3 Conditions to Making Advances.

FFB shall be under no obligation to make any Advance
under the Note unless and until each of the conditions specified in this section 7.3 is satisfied.

7.3.1 Advance Requests. For each
Advance under the Note, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Secretary, for review and approval before being forwarded to FFB, an
Advance Request, which Advance Request:

(a) shall specify, among other things:

(1) the particular "Note Identifier"
that FFB assigned to the Note (as provided in section 5.1 of this Agreement;

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 10

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

(2) the particular amount of funds
that the Borrower requests to be advanced (such amount being the "Requested Advance Amount" for the respective Advance);

(3) the particular calendar date
that the Borrower requests to be the date on which the respective Advance is to be made (such date being the "Requested Advance
Date" for such Advance), which date:

(A) must be a Business Day; and

(B) shall not be earlier than the
third Business Day to occur after the date on which FFB shall have received the respective Advance Request;

(4) the particular bank account
or accounts to which the Borrower requests that the respective Advance be made;

(5) the Maturity Date; and

(b) shall have been duly executed
by an individual whose name and signature appear on the Certificate Specifying Authorized Borrower Signatories delivered by the Borrower
to FFB pursuant to section 4.1(c) or section 11.4 of this Agreement; and

(c) shall have been received by FFB
not later than the specified number of Business Days in section 7.4(b) hereof before the Requested Advance Date specified in such
Advance Request.

7.3.2 Advance Request Approval Notice.
For each Advance, the Secretary shall have delivered to FFB the Borrower's executed Advance Request, together with the Department's executed
Advance Request Approval Notice, which Advance Request Approval Notice:

(a) shall have been duly executed
on behalf of the Secretary by an official of the Department whose name and signature appear on the Certificate Specifying Authorized
Department Officials delivered to FFB pursuant to section 3.1.3 or section 6.1 of the Program Financing Agreement; and

(b) shall have been received by FFB
not later than the third Business Day before the Requested Advance Date specified in such Advance Request.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 11

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

7.3.3 Telephonic Confirmation of
Authenticity of Advance Request Approval Notices. For each Advance, FFB shall have obtained electronic or telephonic confirmation
of the authenticity of the related Advance Request Approval Notice from an official of the Department:

(a) whose name, title, and telephone
number appear on the Certificate Specifying Authorized Department Officials that has been delivered by the Secretary to FFB pursuant
to section 3.1.3 or section 6.1 of the Program Financing Agreement; and

(b) who is not the same official
of the Department who executed the Advance Request Approval Notice on behalf of the Secretary.

7.3.4 Note Maximum Principal Amount
Limit. At the time of making any Advance under the Note, the amount of such Advance, when added to the aggregate amount of
all Advances previously made under such Note, shall not exceed the "Maximum Principal Amount" of the Note, as that term is
defined in the Note.

7.3.5 Conditions Specified in Other
Agreements. Each of the conditions specified in the Program Financing Agreement as being conditions to making Advances under
the Note, shall have been satisfied, or waived by FFB or the Secretary, as the case may be.

7.3.6 No Prohibition Against
Funding by FFB. At the time of making any Advance under the Note, there shall be no Governmental Rule or Governmental
Judgement that prohibits FFB from distributing funds provided for in such Advance.

7.3.7. Notification of Stop Notices.
Promptly upon the Borrower obtaining knowledge of any action taken against FFB by any contractor, subcontractor, material supplier, or
laborer working on any construction project financed in whole or in part with any Advance or Advances made under the Note, including,
without limitation, any mechanics lien, bonded stop notice, or similar contractor mechanism under applicable law (a "Stop Notice"),
the Borrower shall (1) provide notice thereof to FFB and the Secretary and (2) certify that it has used or is using commercially
reasonable efforts to fully resolve, have the FFB dismissed from, or obtain a bond for the release of any Stop Notice.

Section 7.4 Amount and Timing of Advances.

FFB shall make each Advance in the Requested Advance
Amount specified in the respective Advance Request and on the Requested Advance Date specified in the respective Advance Request, subject
to satisfaction of the conditions specified in section 7.3 of this Agreement and subject to the following additional limitations:

(a) in the event that the Requested
Advance Date specified in the respective Advance Request is not a Business Day, FFB shall make the respective Advance on the first day
thereafter that is a Business Day;

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 12

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

(b) in the event that FFB receives
the respective Advance Request and the related Advance Request Approval Notice later than:

(i) the third Business Day before
the Requested Advance Date specified in such Advance Request if the Requested Advance Amount specified in the respective Advance Request
is less than $500,000,000, FFB shall make the respective Advance as soon as practicable thereafter, but in any event not later than the
third Business Day after FFB receives such Advance Request, unless the Borrower delivers to FFB and the Secretary a written cancellation
of such Advance Request or a replacement Advance Request specifying a later Requested Advance Date;

(ii) the fifth Business Day before
the Requested Advance Date specified in such Advance Request if the Requested Advance Amount specified in the respective Advance Request
is equal to or greater than $500,000,000 but less than $2,000,000,000, FFB shall make the respective Advance as soon as practicable thereafter,
but in any event not later than the fifth Business Day after FFB receives such Advance Request, unless the Borrower delivers to FFB and
the Secretary a written cancellation of such Advance Request or a replacement Advance Request specifying a later Requested Advance Date;

(iii) the tenth Business Day before
the Requested Advance Date specified in such Advance Request if the Requested Advance Amount specified in the respective Advance Request
is equal to or greater than $2,000,000,000, FFB shall make the respective Advance as soon as practicable thereafter, but in any event
not later than the tenth Business Day after FFB receives such Advance Request, unless the Borrower delivers to FFB and the Secretary
a written cancellation of such Advance Request or a replacement Advance Request specifying a later Requested Advance Date;

(c) in the event that an Uncontrollable
Cause prevents FFB from making the respective Advance on the Requested Advance Date specified in the respective Advance Request, FFB
shall make such Advance as soon as such Uncontrollable Cause ceases to prevent FFB from making such Advance, unless the Borrower delivers
to FFB and the Secretary a written cancellation of such Advance Request or a replacement Advance Request specifying a later Requested
Advance Date; and

(d) in the event that FFB receives,
not later than 3:30 p.m. (Washington, DC, time) on the Business Day immediately before the Requested Advance Date specified
in an Advance Request, a written notice delivered by electronic or facsimile transmission of withdrawal or cancellation of the Advance
Request Approval Notice, and telephonic confirmation of the withdrawal or cancellation, from an official of the Department whose name,
title, and telephone number appear on the Certificate Specifying Authorized Department Officials that has been delivered by the Secretary
to FFB pursuant to section 3.1.3 or section 6.1 of the Program Financing Agreement, FFB shall not make the respective Advance.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 13

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 7.5 Type of Funds and Means
of Advance.

Each Advance shall be made in immediately
available funds by electronic funds transfer to such bank account(s) as shall have been specified in the respective Advance Request.

Section 7.6 Interest Rate Applicable
to Advances.

The rate of interest applicable to each
Advance made under the Note shall be established as provided in paragraph 6 of the Note.

Section 7.7 Interest Rate Confirmation
Notices.

After making each Advance, FFB shall
deliver, by electronic or facsimile transmission, to the Borrower and the Secretary written confirmation of the making of the respective
Advance, which confirmation shall:

(a) state the date on which such
Advance was made;

(b) state the interest rate applicable
to such Advance; and

(c) assign an Advance Identifier
to such Advance for use by the Borrower and the Secretary in all communications to FFB making reference to such Advance.

ARTICLE 8

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE BORROWER

The Borrower makes the representations and warranties
provided in this article 8 to FFB.

Section 8.1 Organization.

The Borrower is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Borrower State and is qualified to do business in the Project
State.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 14

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 8.2 Authority.

The Borrower has all requisite limited liability
company power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted, to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the other
Borrower Instruments, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

Section 8.3 Due Authorization.

The execution and delivery by the Borrower of
this Agreement and each of the other Borrower Instruments, the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and the performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action.

Section 8.4 Due Execution.

This Agreement has been, and each of the other
Borrower Instruments will have been at the respective time of delivery of each thereof, duly executed and delivered by individuals who
are duly authorized to execute and deliver such documents on behalf of the Borrower.

Section 8.5
Validity and Enforceability.

This Agreement constitutes, and each of the other
Borrower Instruments will constitute at the respective time of delivery of each thereof, the legal, valid, and binding agreement of the
Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

Section 8.6 No Governmental Actions
Required.

No Governmental Approvals or Governmental Registrations
are now, or under existing Governmental Rules will in the future be, required to be obtained or made, as the case may be, by the
Borrower to authorize the execution and delivery by the Borrower of this Agreement or any of the other Borrower Instruments, the consummation
by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder or
thereunder.

Section 8.7 No Conflicts or Violations.

The execution and delivery by the Borrower of
this Agreement or any of the other Borrower Instruments, the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, and the performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder or thereunder do not and will not conflict with or violate,
result in a breach of, or constitute a default under (a) any term or provision of the charter documents or bylaws of the Borrower;
(b) any of the covenants, conditions or agreements contained in any Other Debt Obligation of the Borrower; (c) any Governmental
Approval or Governmental Registration obtained or made, as the case may be, by the Borrower; or (d) any Governmental Judgment or
Governmental Rule currently applicable to the Borrower.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 15

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 8.8 All Necessary Governmental
Actions.

The Borrower has not failed to obtain any material
Governmental Approval or make any material Governmental Registration required or necessary to carry on the business of the Borrower as
presently conducted, and the Borrower reasonably believes that it will not be prevented by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction
over the Borrower from so carrying on its business as presently conducted.

Section 8.9 No Material Litigation.

(a) There are no lawsuits or judicial or
administrative actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower
which, in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower.

(b) Except as disclosed in writing to FFB
and the Secretary in Schedule II to this Agreement, there is no litigation or other proceeding pending, or threatened in writing, against
the Borrower in any court or before any Governmental Authority which challenges the validity as to the Borrower or the enforceability
against the Borrower of any of the Borrowers Instruments, or seeks to enjoin the performance by the Borrower of, the Borrowers
Instruments.

ARTICLE 9

BILLING BY FFB

Section 9.1 Billing Statements to the
Borrower, the Department, and the Loan Servicer.

FFB shall prepare a billing statement for the
amounts owed to FFB on each Advance that is made under the Note purchased under this Agreement, and shall deliver each such billing statement
to the Borrower, the Department, and the Loan Servicer.

Section 9.2 Failure to Deliver or Receive
Billing Statements No Release.

Failure on the part of FFB to deliver any billing
statement or failure on the part of the Borrower to receive any billing statement shall not, however, relieve the Borrower of any of
its payment obligations under the Note or this Agreement.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 16

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 9.3 FFB Billing Determinations
Conclusive.

9.3.1 Acknowledgment and Consent. 
The Borrower acknowledges that FFB has described to it:

(a) the rounding methodology employed
by FFB in calculating the amount of accrued interest owed at any time on the Note; and

(b) the methodology employed by FFB
in calculating the payment schedule for the installments of principal due and payable on the Note;

and the Borrower consents to these methodologies.

9.3.2 Agreement. The Borrower
agrees that any and all determinations made by FFB shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower with respect to:

(a) the amount of accrued interest
owed on the Note determined using this rounding methodology; and

(b) the amount of any scheduled installment
payment of principal due and payable on the Note determined using this methodology.

ARTICLE 10

PAYMENTS TO FFB

Each amount that becomes due and owing on the
Note purchased under this Agreement shall be paid when and as due, as provided in the Note.

ARTICLE 11

RIGHTS AND AGREEMENTS OF THE SECRETARY AND
FFB

Section 11.1 Rights and Agreements
related to Enforcement.

11.1.1 Secretary's Authority.
In consideration of the Secretary's Guarantee relating to the Note that has been purchased by FFB under this Agreement, the Secretary
shall have the sole authority (vis--vis FFB), in the case of a default by the Borrower under the Note or the occurrence of an
Event of Default under the Security Instruments, in respect of acceleration of such Note, the exercise of other available remedies, and
the disposition of sums or property recovered.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 17

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

11.1.2 Acknowledgment of Security
Interest. FFB acknowledges that the Borrower has, through the execution of the Security Instruments, pledged and granted a security
interest to the "Collateral Agent," for the benefit of the "Secured Parties" (as those terms are defined in the Loan
Guarantee Agreement) and FFB in certain property of the Borrower to secure the payment and performance of, inter alia, certain
obligations owed to FFB under the Note.

11.1.3 FFB Cooperation. FFB shall
cooperate with the Secretary to enable the Secretary to exercise and enforce the Secretary's rights and remedies under this Agreement,
the Program Financing Agreement, the Note, and the Security Instruments, including, when reasonably requested by the Secretary, executing
and delivering to the Secretary instruments, agreements, and other documents prepared by or for the Department for FFB's execution.

Section 11.2
Secretary's Right to Purchase Advances or the Note.

Notwithstanding the provisions of the Note, the
Borrower acknowledges that, under the terms of the Program Financing Agreement, the Secretary may purchase from FFB all or any portion
of any Advance that has been made under the Note, or may purchase from FFB the Note in its entirety, in the same manner, at the same
price, and subject to the same limitations as shall be applicable, under the terms of the Note, to a prepayment by the Borrower of all
or any portion of any Advance made under the Note, or a prepayment by the Borrower of the Note in its entirety, as the case may be.

Section 11.3 Secretary's Confirmation
Relating to the Secretary's Guarantee.

The Secretary confirms to FFB that the obligation
of the United States of America to pay amounts due and payable under the Secretary's Guarantee when such amounts become due and payable
in accordance with its terms, constitutes the absolute obligation of the United States of America, against which no offset may be made
by the United States of America in discharge of its obligation to make these payments and for which, in accordance with section 1702(j) of
the Guarantee Act, the full faith and credit of the United States of America are pledged, provided, however, that the United
States will be entitled to offset payments under the Secretary's Guarantee against any financial asset or obligation of any Holder of
the Secretary's Guarantee other than FFB.

Section 11.4 Delivery of Replacement
Certificates Specifying Authorized Borrower Signatories.

The Borrower may, at any time and from time to
time, deliver to FFB a revised Certificate Specifying Authorized Borrower Signatories, updated and completed as appropriate, in replacement
of the original such certificate delivered pursuant to section 4.1(c) of this Agreement.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 18

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 11.5Secretarys
Notice Obligation For Stop Notices.

If the Secretary shall receive any notice of any
Stop Notice against the Borrower, FFB or the Department, which action has not been dismissed against each such applicable party, or has
not been bonded in full compliance with, and in satisfaction of all requirements of, applicable law, and in accordance with the terms
of the Loan Guarantee Agreement, the Secretary shall provide FFB with notice of such Stop Notice.

ARTICLE 12

EFFECTIVE DATE, TERM, SURVIVAL

Section 12.1 Effective Date.

This Agreement shall be effective as of the date
first above written.

Section 12.2 Term of Commitment to
Make Advances.

The obligation of FFB under this Agreement to
make Advances under the Note issued by the Borrower shall expire on the "Last Day for an Advance" specified in the Note.

Section 12.3 Survival.

12.3.1 Representations, Warranties,
and Certifications. All representations, warranties, and certifications made by the Borrower in this Agreement, or in any agreement,
instrument, or certificate delivered pursuant hereto, shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the purchasing of the
Note hereunder, and the making of Advances thereunder.

12.3.2 Remainder of Agreement.
Notwithstanding the occurrence and passage of the Last Day for an Advance, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect until all amounts owed under this Agreement and the Note purchased by FFB under this Agreement have been paid in full.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 19

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

ARTICLE 13

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.1 Notices.

13.1.1 Addresses of the Parties. All
notices and other communications hereunder and under the Note to be made to any party shall be in writing and shall be addressed as follows:

To FFB:

Federal Financing Bank

Main Treasury Building

1500 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW

Washington, DC 20220

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

Telephone No. [xxx]

Facsimile No. [xxx]

Email Address [xxx]

To the Borrower:

Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC

125 Vista Blvd

Slingerlands, NY 12159

Attention: Gerard Conway, General Counsel

Telephone No. [xxx]

Email Address [xxx]

To the Secretary (or the Department):

United States Department of Energy

Loan Programs Office

Loan Guarantee Program

1000 Independence Avenue, SW

Washington, DC 20585

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 20

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Attention: Director, Portfolio Management

Telephone No. [xxx]

Facsimile No. [xxx]

Email Address [xxx]

To the Loan Servicer:

United States Department of Energy

Loan Programs Office

Loan Guarantee Program

1000 Independence Avenue, SW

Washington, DC 20585

Attention: Director, Portfolio Management

Telephone No. [xxx]

Facsimile No. [xxx]

Email Address [xxx]

The address, telephone number, email address, or facsimile
number for any party or the Loan Servicer may be changed at any time and from time to time upon written notice given by such changing
party to each other party hereto.

13.1.2 Permitted Means of Delivery.
Advance Requests, notices, and other communications to FFB under this Agreement may be delivered by electronic or facsimile (fax) transmission
of the executed instrument.

13.1.3 Effective Date of Delivery.
A properly addressed notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been "delivered" for purposes of this Agreement:

(a) if made by personal delivery,
on the date of such personal delivery;

(b) if mailed by first class mail,
registered or certified mail, express mail, or by any commercial overnight courier service, on the date that such mailing is received;

(c) if sent by electronic or facsimile
(fax) transmission:

(1) if the transmission is received
and receipt confirmed before 4:00 p.m. (Washington, DC, time) on any Business Day, on the date of such transmission; and

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 21

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

(2) if the transmission is received
and receipt confirmed after 4:00 p.m. (Washington, DC, time) on any Business Day or any day that is not a Business Day, on the next
Business Day.

13.1.4 Notices to FFB to Contain
FFB Identification References. All notices to FFB making any reference either to the Note purchased under this Agreement or
to any Advance made under the Note shall identify the Note or such Advance by the Note Identifier or the Advance Identifier, as the case
may be, assigned by FFB to the Note or the Advance.

Section 13.2 Amendments.

No provision of this Agreement may be amended,
modified, supplemented, waived, discharged, or terminated orally but only by an instrument in writing duly executed by each of the parties
hereto.

Section 13.3 Successors and Assigns.

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of each of FFB, the Borrower, and the Secretary, and each of their respective successors and assigns.

Section 13.4 Sale or Assignment of
Note.

13.4.1 Sale or Assignment Permitted.
Subject to the requirements of 10 C.F.R. 609.10(g)(1) and Office of Management and Budget Circular A-129 revised (September 2024),
FFB may sell, assign, or otherwise transfer all or any part of the Note or any participation share thereof.

13.4.2 Notice of Sale, Etc. FFB
will deliver to the Borrower, the Department, and the Loan Servicer written notice of any sale, assignment, or other transfer of the
Note promptly after any such sale, assignment, or other transfer.

13.4.3 Manner of Payment after Sale.
Any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or any part of the Note may provide that, following such sale, assignment, or other transfer,
payments on such Note shall be made in the manner specified by the respective purchaser, assignee, or transferee, as the case may be.

13.4.4 Replacement Note. The
Borrower agrees:

(a) to issue a replacement Note with
the same aggregate principal amount, interest rate, maturity, and other terms as the Note sold, assigned, or transferred pursuant to
subsection 13.4.1 of this Agreement; provided, however, that, when requested by the respective purchaser, assignee, or
transferee, such replacement Note shall provide that payments thereunder shall be made in the manner specified by such purchaser, assignee,
or transferee; and

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 22

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

(b) to effect the change in ownership
on its records and on the face of each such replacement Note issued, upon receipt of the Note so sold, assigned, or transferred.

Section 13.5 Forbearance Not a Waiver.

Any forbearance on the part of FFB from enforcing
any term or condition of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such term or condition or acquiescence by FFB in any
failure on the part of Borrower to comply with or satisfy such term or condition.

Section 13.6 Rights Confined to Parties.

Nothing expressed or implied herein is intended
or shall be construed to confer upon, or to give to, any Person other than FFB, the Borrower, and the Secretary, and their respective
successors and permitted assigns, any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any term, covenant or condition
hereof, and all of the terms, covenants, conditions, promises, and agreements contained herein shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit
of FFB, the Borrower, and the Secretary, and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

Section 13.7 Governing Law.

This Agreement and the rights and obligations
of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, Federal law and not the law of any state
or locality. To the extent that a court looks to the laws of any state to determine or define the Federal law, it is the intention of
the parties hereto that such court shall look only to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the rules of conflicts
of laws.

Section 13.8 Severability.

Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability
without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not of itself
invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 13.9 Headings.

The descriptive headings of the various articles,
sections, and subsections of this Agreement were formulated and inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning
or construction of the provisions hereof.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 23

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

Section 13.10 Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

[The remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank.]

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 24

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, FFB, the Borrower, and the Secretary have each caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year
first above mentioned.

FEDERAL FINANCING BANK

("FFB") 

Signature: /s/ Gary Grippo

Name: Gary Grippo

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC 

(the "Borrower")

Signature: /s/ Paul B. Middleton

Name: Paul B. Middleton

Title: Treasurer

THE SECRETARY OF ENERGY

(the "Secretary")

Signature: /s/ Hernan T. Cortes

Name: Hernan T. Cortes

Title: Director

Origination Division

Loan Programs Office

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 25

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

SCHEDULE I

to

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and among

the Federal Financing Bank,

Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC,

and the Secretary of Energy

1. "Borrower
State" means the State of Delaware.

2. "Loan
Guarantee Agreement" means the Loan Guarantee Agreement dated as of January 16,
2025, among Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC, as Borrower, the U.S. Department of Energy,
as Guarantor, and Loan Servicer, Plug Power Limestone, LLC, as a Project Company, and the
additional Project Companies party thereto from time to time, as such agreement may be amended,
supplemented, and restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

3. "Loan
Commitment Amount" means $414,406,340.23 for the Note, as attached to Exhibit C
to this Agreement.

4. "Project
State" means the State of Texas.

5. "Security
Instruments" means, collectively, (i) the Loan Guarantee Agreement,
and (ii) the "Security Documents" (as that term is defined in the Loan Guarantee
Agreement), as such agreements and documents may be amended, supplemented, and restated from
time to time in accordance with their respective terms.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 26

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY
LOAN BORROWER LLC

SCHEDULE II

to

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and among

the Federal Financing Bank,

Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC,

and the Secretary of Energy

None.

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT - page 27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254135d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

FOR FFB USE ONLY Note 

Date January 16, 2025

Note Identifier: 

Place 

PLUGPOWR 0001 of Issue Washington, DC

Purchase Date: Last Day 

for an 

January 16, 2025 Advance (3) March 5, 2028

Maximum 

Principal 

Maturity Amount (4) $387,598,647.06

Date (5) March 5, 2038 

Payment March 5, June 5, First 

Dates September 5 & Interest 

December 5 Payment 

(7) of each year Date (7) June 5, 2028

Maximum First 

Capitalized Principal 

Interest Payment 

Amount (7) $26,807,693.17 Date (8) June 5, 2028

Loan Loan Guarantee Agreement, dated as of the Note

Guarantee Date, between Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC,

Agreement as Borrower, U.S. Department of Energy, as

(21) Guarantor and Loan Servicer, Plug Power Limestone,

LLC, as a Project Company, and the additional

Project Companies party thereto from time to time

FUTURE ADVANCE PROMISSORY NOTE

1. Promise to Pay.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN
BORROWER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Borrower", which term includes any successors or
assigns), promises to pay the FEDERAL FINANCING BANK ("FFB"), a body corporate and instrumentality of the
United States of America (FFB, for so long as it shall be the holder of this Note, and any successor or assignee of FFB, for so long
as such successor or assignee shall be the holder of this Note, being the "Holder"), at the times, in the manner,
and with interest (including capitalized interest) at the rates to be established as hereinafter provided, such amounts as may be
advanced from time to time by FFB to or for the account of the Borrower under this Note (each such amount being an
"Advance" and more than one such amounts being "Advances").

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

2. Reference to Certain Agreements.

(a) Program Financing Agreement. This
Note is one of the "Notes" referred to in, and entitled to the benefits of, the Program Financing Agreement dated as of September 2,
2009, made by and between FFB and the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Department of Energy (the "Secretary")
(such agreement, as it may be amended, supplemented, and restated from time to time in accordance with its terms, being the "Program
Financing Agreement").

(b) Note Purchase Agreement. This Note
is entitled to the benefits of, the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of even date herewith, made by and among FFB, the Borrower, and the
Secretary (such agreement, as it may be amended, supplemented, and restated from time to time in accordance with its terms, being the
"Note Purchase Agreement").

3. Advances; Advance Requests; Last Day for Advances.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of
the Note Purchase Agreement, FFB shall make Advances under this Note in the amounts, at the times, and to the accounts requested by the
Borrower from time to time, in each case upon delivery to FFB of a written request by the Borrower for an Advance under this Note, in
the form of request attached to the Note Purchase Agreement as Exhibit A thereto (each such request being an "Advance Request"),
completed as prescribed in the Note Purchase Agreement; provided, however, that no Advance may be made under this Note after
the particular date specified on page 1 of this Note as being the "Last Day for an Advance."

(b) To be effective, an Advance Request must
first be delivered to the Secretary for approval and be approved by or on behalf of the Secretary in writing, and such Advance Request,
together with written notification of the Secretary's approval thereof, must be received by FFB on or before (i) the third Business
Day, for an Advance Request less than $500,000,000, (ii) the fifth Business Day, for an Advance Request equal to or greater than
$500,000,000 but less than $2,000,000,000, or (iii) the tenth Business Day, for an Advance Request equal to or greater than $2,000,000,000
before the particular calendar date specified in such Advance Request that the Borrower requests to be the date on which the respective
Advance is to be made.

(c) The Borrower hereby agrees that FFB, for
its purposes, may consider any Advance Request approved by or on behalf of the Secretary and delivered to FFB in accordance with the terms
of the Note Purchase Agreement to be an accurate representation of the Borrower's request for an Advance under this Note and the Secretary's
approval of that Advance Request.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 2

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

(d) The Borrower hereby agrees that each Advance
made by FFB in accordance with a Secretary-approved Advance Request delivered to FFB shall reduce, by the amount of the respective Advance
made, FFB's remaining commitment to make Advances under this Note.

4. Principal Amount of Advances; Maximum Principal Amount.

The principal amount of each Advance shall be the
amount specified in the respective Advance Request; provided, however, that the aggregate principal amount of all Advances
made under this Note may not exceed the particular amount specified on page 1 of this Note as the "Maximum Principal Amount"
(such amount being the "Maximum Principal Amount"). The Maximum Principal Amount shall be separate and distinct from,
and shall not include, capitalized interest, which shall be determined as provided in, and subject to its own limitation in, paragraph
7 of this Note.

5. Maturity Date.

This Note, and each Advance made hereunder, shall
mature on the particular date specified on page 1 of this Note as the "Maturity Date" (such date being the "Maturity
Date").

6. Computation of Interest on Each Advance.

(a) Subject to paragraphs 11 and 14 of this
Note, interest on the outstanding principal of each Advance shall accrue from the date on which the respective Advance is made to the
date on which such principal is due.

(b) Interest on each Advance shall be computed
on the basis of (1) actual days elapsed from (but not including) the date on which the respective Advance is made (for the first
payment of interest due under this Note for the respective Advance) or the date on which the payment of interest was last due (for all
other payments of interest due under this Note for the respective Advance), to (and including) the date on which payment is next due,
and (2) a year of 365 days.

(c) The interest rate applicable to each Advance
shall be established by FFB at the time that the respective Advance is made on the basis of the determination made by the Secretary of
the Treasury pursuant to section 6(b) (12 U.S.C. 2285(b)) of the Federal Financing Bank Act of 1973 (Pub. L. No. 93-224,
87 Stat. 937, codified at 12 U.S.C. 2281 et seq.), as amended (the "FFB Act"), and shall be equal
to the sum of (1) three-eighths of 1 percent per annum (0.375%) and (2) the Secretarys risk-based charge of one
hundred sixty-two and one-half basis points (1.625%) for a total of 2.000% over the current average yield on outstanding marketable obligations
of the United States of comparable maturity, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury; provided, however, that the
shortest maturity used as the basis for any interest rate determination shall be the remaining maturity of the most recently auctioned
United States Treasury bills having the shortest maturity of all United States Treasury bills then being regularly auctioned.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 3

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

7. Payment of Interest; Payment Dates; First Interest Payment
Date; Capitalized Interest; Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount.

(a) Except as provided in subparagraph (b) of
this paragraph 7, interest accrued on the outstanding principal balance of each Advance shall be due and payable on each of the particular
dates specified on page 1 of this Note as "Payment Dates" (each such date being a "Payment Date"), beginning
on the first Payment Date to occur after the date on which such Advance is made, up through and including the Maturity Date.

(b) For each Advance made before the particular
date specified as the "First Interest Payment Date" on page 1 of this Note (such date being the "First Interest
Payment Date"), the amount of accrued interest that would otherwise be due and payable on each Payment Date to occur before the
First Interest Payment Date shall be capitalized on the respective Payment Date, and interest shall thereafter accrue on the sum of the
outstanding principal and such capitalized interest at the rate established for such Advance in accordance with paragraph 6 of this Note;
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of accrued interest that may be capitalized under this Note may not exceed
the particular amount specified on page 1 of this Note as the "Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount" (such amount being
the "Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount"). The amount of interest that will be capitalized on each Advance will be determined
on the date on which the respective Advance is made. At such time, if ever, that an Advance is made and the amount of interest to be capitalized
on such Advance would, when added to the aggregate amount of interest to be capitalized on all prior Advances, cause the resulting sum
to exceed the Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount, only the portion of the accrued interest that may be capitalized without causing the
sum to exceed the Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount shall be capitalized for that Advance, and all additional interest that accrues
on that Advance and all interest that accrues on any future Advances shall be due and payable on each Payment Date and made as provided
in paragraph 10 of this Note.

8. Payment of Principal and Capitalized Interest.

(a) The principal amount of, or capitalized
interest on, or combination of both, as the case may be, each Advance shall be payable in installments, which payments shall be due beginning
on the particular date specified as the "First Principal Payment Date" on page 1 of this Note (such date being the "First
Principal Payment Date"), and shall be due on each Payment Date to occur thereafter until the principal of, and capitalized interest
on, the respective Advance is repaid in full on or before the Maturity Date.

(b) With respect to each Advance, the amount
of principal, or capitalized interest, or combination of both, as the case may be, due on the First Principal Payment Date, on each Payment
Date to occur thereafter, and on the Maturity Date shall be, in each case, an installment that is equal to the product of:

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 4

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

(1) the sum of the outstanding principal
amount of the respective Advance and all capitalized interest thereon, determined as of the day immediately preceding the First Principal
Payment Date;

times

(2) the particular percentage specified
for the respective date on the payment schedule attached as Schedule A to this Note,

and shall be sufficient, when added to all other such installments
of principal, or capitalized interest, or combination of both, as the case may be, to repay the principal amount of, and capitalized interest
on, the respective Advance in full on the Maturity Date.

(c) In the event that an Advance is made after
the First Principal Payment Date, the amount of principal due with respect to such Advance on the first Payment Date to occur after the
date on which Advance is made shall be an amount that is equal to the product of:

(1) the principal amount of the
Advance on the day the Advance is made;

times

(2) the sum of:

(A) the particular percentage specified
for such Payment Date on the payment schedule attached as Schedule A to this Note; and

(B) the respective percentage or percentages,
if any, specified for each date on the payment schedule that occurred before such Payment Date;

and shall be sufficient, when added to all other such installments
of principal to repay the principal amount of the respective Advance in full on the Final Maturity Date.

9. Business Days.

(a) Whenever any Payment Date or the Maturity
Date shall fall on a day on which either FFB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business, the payment which would
otherwise be due on such Payment Date or the Maturity Date shall be due on the first day thereafter on which FFB and the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York are both open for business (any such day being a "Business Day").

(b) In the case of a Payment Date falling
on a day other than a Business Day, the extension of time for making the payment that would otherwise be due on such Payment Date shall
(1) be taken into account in establishing the interest rate for each Advance, and (2) be included in computing interest due
in connection with such payment and excluded in computing interest due in connection with the next payment.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 5

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

(c) In the case of the Maturity Date falling
on a day other than a Business Day, the extension of time for making the payment that would otherwise be due on the Maturity Date shall
(1) be taken into account in establishing the interest rate for each Advance, and (2) be included in computing interest due
in connection with such payment.

10. Manner of Making Payments.

(a) For so long as FFB is the Holder of this
Note, each payment under this Note (except for accrued interest on each Advance made before the First Interest Payment Date that is subject
to capitalization as provided in paragraph 7(b) of this Note) shall be paid in immediately available funds by electronic funds transfer
to the account of the United States Treasury (for credit to the subaccount of the Secretary) maintained at the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York in the manner described below:

U.S. Treasury Department

ABA No. 0210-3000-4

TREAS NYC/CTR/BNF=89000001

OBI=LGPO Plug Power Energy Loan Borrower LLC Loan
#1365

provided, however, that a payment made in the manner
described above shall not discharge any portion of a payment obligation under this Note, or be applied as provided in paragraph 13 of
this Note, until the payment has been received and credited to the subaccount of FFB (within the account of the United States Treasury
maintained at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) specified by FFB in a written notice to the Secretary, or to such other account as
may be specified from time to time by FFB in a written notice to the Secretary.

(b) In the event that FFB is not the
Holder of this Note, then each payment under this Note shall be made in immediately available funds by electronic funds transfer to such
account as shall be specified by the Holder in a written notice to the Borrower.

11. Late Payments.

(a) In the event that any payment of any amount
owing under this Note is not made when and as due (any such amount being then an "Overdue Amount"), then the amount payable
shall be such Overdue Amount plus interest thereon (such interest being the "Late Charge") computed in accordance with
this subparagraph (a):

(1) The Late Charge shall accrue
from the scheduled date of payment for the Overdue Amount (taking into account paragraph 9 of this Note) to the date on which payment
is made.

(2) The Late Charge shall be computed
on the basis of (A) actual days elapsed from (but not including) the scheduled date of payment for such Overdue Amount (taking into
account paragraph 9 of this Note) to (and including) the date on which payment is made, and (B) a year of 365 days.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 6

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

(3) The Late Charge shall accrue
at a rate (the "Late Charge Rate") equal to (i) the interest rate applied to the principal related to any Overdue
Amount that was previously determined by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to section 6(c) of this Note plus (ii) one and
one-half times the rate to be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury taking into consideration the current market-bid coupon-equivalent
yield on the remaining maturity of the most recently auctioned 13-week United States Treasury bills, such determination of the rate referenced
in this subclause (ii) being made as of the scheduled date of payment for such Overdue Amount (taking into consideration paragraph
9 of this Note) using data as of the Close of Market (as that term is defined in the immediately following sentence) on the Business Day
immediately before such date reported by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to the Secretary of the Treasury. For purposes of this Note,
"Close of Market" shall mean, for any day, 3:30 p.m. (Washington, D.C., time) or such earlier time as the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York may announce as being the close of the United States Treasury securities market for such day.

(4) The initial Late Charge Rate
shall be in effect until the earlier to occur of either (A) the date on which payment of the Overdue Amount and the amount of the
accrued Late Charge is made, or (B) the first Payment Date to occur after the scheduled date of payment for such Overdue Amount.
In the event that the Overdue Amount and the amount of the accrued Late Charge are not paid on or before the such Payment Date, then the
amount payable shall be the sum of the Overdue Amount and the amount of the accrued Late Charge, plus a Late Charge on such sum accruing
at a new Late Charge Rate to be then determined in accordance with the principles of clause (3) of this subparagraph (a). For so
long as any Overdue Amount remains unpaid, the Late Charge Rate shall be redetermined in accordance with the principles of clause (3) of
this subparagraph (a) on each Payment Date to occur thereafter, and shall be applied to the Overdue Amount and all amounts of the
accrued Late Charge to the date on which payment of the Overdue Amount and all amounts of the accrued Late Charge is made.

(b) Nothing in subparagraph (a) of this
paragraph 11 shall be construed as permitting or implying that the Borrower may, without the written consent of the Holder, modify, extend,
alter or affect in any manner whatsoever (except as explicitly provided herein) the right of the Holder to receive any and all payments
on account of this Note on the dates specified in this Note.

12. Final Due Date.

Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary,
all amounts outstanding under this Note remaining unpaid as of the Maturity Date shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 7

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

13. Application of Payments.

Each payment made on this Note shall be applied
first to the payment of Late Charges (if any) payable under paragraphs 11 and 15 of this Note, then to the payment of premiums (if
any) payable under paragraphs 14 of this Note, then to the payment of accrued interest, then to the payment of capitalized interest, and
then on account of outstanding principal.

14. Prepayments.

(a) The Borrower may elect to prepay all or
any portion of the outstanding principal amount of, and capitalized interest (if any) on, any Advance made under this Note, or to prepay
this Note in its entirety, in the manner, at the price, and subject to the limitations specified in this paragraph 14 (each such election
being a "Prepayment Election").

(b) The Borrower shall deliver to FFB (and
if FFB is not the Holder, then also to the Holder) and to the Secretary written notification of each Prepayment Election (each such notification
being a "Prepayment Election Notice"), specifying:

(1) the Advance Identifier that
FFB assigned to the respective Advance (as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement);

(2) the particular date on which
the Borrower intends to prepay the respective Advance (such date being the "Intended Prepayment Date" for the respective
Advance), which date must be a Business Day; and

(3) the amount of principal of,
and capitalized interest (if any) on, the respective Advance that the Borrower intends to prepay, which amount may be either:

(A) the total outstanding principal
amount of, and capitalized interest (if any) on, such Advance; or

(B) an amount less than the total
outstanding principal amount of, and capitalized interest (if any) on, such Advance (any such amount being a "Portion").

(c) To be effective, a Prepayment Election
Notice must be received by FFB (and if FFB is not the Holder, then also by the Holder) on or before the fifth Business Day before the
date specified therein as the Intended Prepayment Date for the respective Advance or Portion.

(d) The Borrower shall pay to the Holder a
price for the prepayment of any Advance or Portion (such price being the "Prepayment Price" for such Advance or Portion)
determined as follows:

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 8

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

(1) in the event that the Borrower
elects to prepay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and capitalized interest (if any) on, any Advance, then the Borrower shall
pay to the Holder a Prepayment Price for such Advance equal to the sum of:

(A) the price for such Advance that
would, if such Advance (including all unpaid interest accrued thereon through the Intended Prepayment Date) were purchased by a third
party and held to the Maturity Date, produce a yield to the third-party purchaser for the period from the date of purchase to the Maturity
Date substantially equal to the interest rate that would be set on a loan from the Secretary of the Treasury to FFB to purchase an obligation
having a payment schedule identical to the payment schedule of such Advance for the period from the Intended Prepayment Date to the Maturity
Date; and

(B) all unpaid Late Charges (if any)
accrued on such Advance through the Intended Prepayment Date;

(2) in the event that the Borrower
elects to prepay a Portion of any Advance, then the Borrower shall pay to the Holder a Prepayment Price for such Portion that would equal
such Portion's pro rata share of the Prepayment Price that would be required for a prepayment of the entire principal amount of, and capitalized
interest (if any) on, such Advance (determined in accordance with the principles of clause (1) of this subparagraph (d)); and

(3) in the event that the Borrower
elects to prepay this Note in its entirety, then the Borrower shall pay to the Holder an amount equal to the sum of the Prepayment Prices
for all outstanding Advances (determined in accordance with the principles of clause (1) of this subparagraph (d)).

(e) Payment of the Prepayment Price for any
Advance or any Portion shall be due to the Holder before 3:00 p.m. (Washington, DC, time) on the Intended Prepayment Date for such
Advance or Portion.

(f) Each prepayment of a Portion shall, as
to the principal amount of such Portion, be subject to a minimum amount equal to $100,000.00 of principal; except that the minimum principal
amount limitation shall not apply to a prepayment of a Portion if:

(1) the prepayment is made to satisfy
the Borrower's obligation to make a mandatory prepayment under the "Security Instruments" (as that term is defined in paragraph 20
of this Note); and

(2) the Borrower has certified to
that fact in the respective Prepayment Election Notice.

(g) In the event that the Borrower makes a
Prepayment Election with respect to any Portion of an Advance, then the Prepayment Price paid for such Portion will be applied as provided
in paragraph 13 of this Note, and, with respect to application to outstanding principal, such Prepayment Price shall be applied to installments
of principal in the inverse order of maturity.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 9

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

(h) In the event that the Borrower makes a
Prepayment Election with respect to any Portion of an Advance, then the outstanding principal amount of such Advance, and capitalized
interest, if any, from and after such partial prepayment, shall be due and payable in accordance with this subparagraph (h).

(1) The amounts of the scheduled
installments of principal, or capitalized interest, or combination of both, as the case may be, that will be due after such partial prepayment
shall be equal to the amounts of the scheduled installments of principal, or capitalized interest, or combination of both, as the case
may be, that were due in accordance with the payment schedule that applied to such Advance immediately before such partial prepayment.

(2) The scheduled installments of
principal, or capitalized interest, or combination of both, as the case may be, shall be due beginning on the first Payment Date to occur
after such partial prepayment, and shall be due on each Payment Date to occur thereafter up through and including the date on which the
entire principal amount of such Advance, all capitalized interest, and all unpaid interest (and Late Charges, if any) accrued thereon,
are paid.

15. Rescission of Prepayment Elections; Late Charges for Late Payments of Prepayment Prices.

(a) The Borrower may rescind any Prepayment
Election made in accordance with paragraph 14 of this Note, but only in accordance with this paragraph 15.

(b) The Borrower shall deliver to FFB, with
a copy to the Secretary, written notification of each rescission of a Prepayment Election (each such notification being an "Election
Rescission Notice") specifying the particular Advance for which the Borrower wishes to rescind such Prepayment Election, which
specification must make reference to the particular "Advance Identifier" (as that term is defined in the Note Purchase Agreement)
that FFB assigned to such Advance (as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement). The Election Rescission Notice may be delivered by facsimile
transmission to FFB at (202) 622-0707 or at such other facsimile number or numbers as FFB may from time to time communicate to the Borrower.

(c) To be effective, an Election Rescission
Notice must be received by FFB not later than 3:30 p.m. (Washington, DC, time) on the second Business Day before the Intended Prepayment
Date.

(d) In the event that the Borrower (1) makes
a Prepayment Election in accordance with paragraph 14 of this Note, (2) does not rescind such Prepayment Election in accordance with
this paragraph 15, and (3) does not, before 3:00 p.m. (Washington, DC, time) on the Intended Prepayment Date, pay to FFB the
Prepayment Price described in paragraph 14(d) of this Note, then a Late Charge shall accrue on any such unpaid amount from the Intended
Prepayment Date to the date on which payment is made, computed in accordance with the principles of paragraph 11 of this Note.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 10

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

16. Amendments to Note.

To the extent not inconsistent with applicable
law, this Note shall be subject to modification by such amendments, extensions, and renewals as may be agreed upon from time to time by
the Holder and the Borrower, with the approval of the Secretary.

17. Certain Waivers.

The Borrower hereby waives any requirement for
presentment, protest, or other demand or notice with respect to this Note.

18. Effective Until Paid.

Subject to section 6.2 of the Note Purchase Agreement,
this Note shall continue in full force and effect until all amounts due and payable hereunder have been paid in full.

19. Secretary's Guarantee of Note.

Upon execution of the guarantee in the form of
the Secretary's Guarantee attached as Exhibit G to the Note Purchase Agreement (the "Guarantee"), the payment by
the Borrower of all amounts due and payable under this Note, when and as due, shall be guaranteed by the United States of America, acting
through the Secretary, pursuant to Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as amended (42 U.S.C. 16511 et seq.).
In consideration of the Guarantee, the Borrower promises to the Secretary to make all payments due under this Note when and as due.

20. Security Instruments.

This Note is to be executed and delivered by, and
is entitled to the benefits and security of, the "Security Instruments" (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement),
whereby the Borrower pledged and granted a security interest in certain property of the Borrower, described therein, to secure the payment
of and performance of certain obligations owed to the Secretary, as set forth in the Security Instruments. For purposes of the Security
Instruments, in consideration of the undertakings by the Secretary set forth in the Program Financing Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement,
and the Guarantee, the Secretary shall be considered to be, and shall have the rights, powers, privileges, and remedies of, the Holder
of this Note.

21. Guarantee Payments; Reimbursement.

If the Secretary makes any payment, pursuant to
the Guarantee, of any amount due and payable under this Note, each and every such payment so made shall be deemed to be a payment hereunder;
provided, however, that no payment by the Secretary pursuant to the Guarantee shall be considered a payment for purposes
of determining the existence of a failure by the Borrower to perform its obligation to the Secretary to make all payments under this Note
when and as due. The Secretary shall have any rights by way of subrogation, agreement or otherwise which arise as a result of such payment
pursuant to the Guarantee and as provided in the particular agreement specified on page 1 of this Note as the "Loan Guarantee
Agreement" between the Borrower and the United States of America, acting through the Secretary, to evidence the Borrower's obligation
to reimburse the Secretary for payment made by the Secretary pursuant to the Guarantee.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 11

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

22. Default and Enforcement.

(a) In case of a default by the Borrower under
this Note or the occurrence of an "Event of Default" (as defined in the Security Instruments), then, in consideration of the
obligation of the Secretary under the Guarantee, the Secretary, in the name of the Secretary or the United States of America, shall have
all rights, powers, privileges, and remedies of the Holder of this Note, in accordance with the terms of this Note and the Security Instruments,
including, without limitation, the right to (i) enforce or collect all or any part of the obligation of the Borrower under this Note
or arising as a result of the Guarantee; (ii) accelerate (as provided in paragraph 23); (iii) compromise or otherwise negotiate
with the Borrower (but not affecting amounts due and payable to the Holder under this Note and the Guarantee); (iv) bring suit against
or foreclose upon any or all of the security interests granted by the Borrower; and (v) to file proofs of claim or any other document
in any bankruptcy, insolvency, or other judicial proceeding, and to vote such proofs of claim.

(b) The Borrower acknowledges that FFB has
agreed in the Note Purchase Agreement that, in consideration of the Guarantee, the Secretary shall have the sole authority (vis--vis
FFB), in the case of a default by the Borrower under this Note or the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Security Instruments,
in respect of acceleration (as provided in paragraph 23), the exercise of other remedies available hereunder or under the Note Purchase
Agreement, and the disposition of sums or property recovered.

23. Acceleration.

Upon the occurrence and continuation of a default
by the Borrower under this Note or an Event of Default under the Security Instruments, the Secretary, under the circumstances described,
and in the manner and with the effect provided, in the Security Instruments, may declare the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note,
all interest thereon, and all other amounts payable under this Note, and upon such declaration such amounts shall become, due and payable
to the Secretary.

24. Governing Law.

This Note shall be governed by, and construed and
interpreted in accordance with, the Federal law and not the law of any state or locality. To the extent that a court looks to the laws
of any state to determine or define the Federal law, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such court shall look only to the
laws of the State of New York without regard to the rules of conflicts of laws.

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 12

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

25. Schedule A Incorporated.

Schedule A is an integral part of this Note and
is incorporated herein by reference.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be
signed in its limited liability company name and attested by its officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first
above written.

PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

By: 

Signature: /s/ Paul B. Middleton

Print Name: Paul B. Middleton

Title: Treasurer

Attest: 

Signature: /s/ Gerard L. Conway Jr.

Print Name: Gerard L. Conway Jr.

Title: Secretary

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 13

DOE (Title XVII) PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC

SCHEDULE A

PAYMENT SCHEDULE FOR PRINCIPAL OF, AND CAPITALIZED
INTEREST ON, EACH OUTSTANDING ADVANCE

Payment # 

Payment Date

(month/day/year) Principal Payments (%)

1 6/5/2028 1.838%

2 9/5/2028 1.866%

3 12/5/2028 1.894%

4 3/5/2029 1.923%

5 6/5/2029 1.952%

6 9/5/2029 1.981%

7 12/5/2029 2.011%

8 3/5/2030 2.041%

9 6/5/2030 2.072%

10 9/5/2030 2.104%

11 12/5/2030 2.136%

12 3/5/2031 2.168%

13 6/5/2031 2.201%

14 9/5/2031 2.234%

15 12/5/2031 2.268%

16 3/5/2032 2.302%

17 6/5/2032 2.337%

18 9/5/2032 2.372%

19 12/5/2032 2.408%

20 3/5/2033 2.444%

21 6/5/2033 2.481%

22 9/5/2033 2.519%

23 12/5/2033 2.557%

24 3/5/2034 2.596%

25 6/5/2034 2.635%

26 9/5/2034 2.675%

27 12/5/2034 2.715%

28 3/5/2035 2.756%

29 6/5/2035 2.798%

30 9/5/2035 2.840%

31 12/5/2035 2.883%

32 3/5/2036 2.927%

33 6/5/2036 2.971%

34 9/5/2036 3.016%

35 12/5/2036 3.062%

36 3/5/2037 3.108%

37 6/5/2037 3.155%

38 9/5/2037 3.203%

39 12/5/2037 3.251%

40 3/5/2038 3.300%

100.000%

(note form 4: quarterly pymnts; capped cap int; mstr pymnt sched) NOTE 1- page 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm254135d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

CERTAIN INFORMATION
IN THIS EXHIBIT MARKED [*] HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (A) NOT MATERIAL AND (B) THE TYPE
OF INFORMATION THAT THE COMPANY CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.

LOAN GUARANTEE AGREEMENT

dated as of January 16, 2025

among

PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC,

as Borrower,

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY,

as Guarantor and Loan Servicer,

PLUG POWER LIMESTONE, LLC,

as a Project Company

and

THE ADDITIONAL PROJECT COMPANIES PARTY HERETO
FROM TIME TO TIME

Loan No. 1365

Table of Contents

Page

Article I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 2

Section 1.01 Terms Generally 2

Section 1.02 Other Rules of Construction 2

Section 1.03 Definitions in Other Written Communications 3

Section 1.04 Conflict with FFB Documents 4

Section 1.05 Accounting Terms 4

Article II FUNDING 4

Section 2.01 Guaranteed Loan Purchase of the FFB Notes 4

Section 2.02 Availability and Reductions 5

Section 2.03 Mechanics for Requesting Advances 6

Section 2.04 Advance Requirements under the FFB Documents 9

Section 2.05 No Approval of Work 9

Section 2.06 Determination of Advance Amounts 9

Article III PAYMENTS; PREPAYMENTS 10

Section 3.01 Place and Manner of Payments 10

Section 3.02 Maturity and Amortization 10

Section 3.03 Evidence of Debt 10

Section 3.04 Interest Provisions Relating to All Advances 11

Section 3.05 Prepayments 12

Article IV PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS; REIMBURSEMENT 16

Section 4.01 Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations 16

Section 4.02 Subrogation 18

Section 4.03 Obligations Absolute 18

Section 4.04 Evidence of Payment 21

Section 4.05 Payment of Financing Document Amounts. 21

Section 4.06 Guarantee 22

Article V CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 25

Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to the Execution Date 25

Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to FFB Purchase of Each FFB Note 33

Section 5.03 Conditions Precedent to Each First Advance Date 34

Section 5.04 Advance Approval Conditions Precedent 40

Section 5.05 Conditions Precedent to Qualifying Projects 46

Section 5.06 Conditions Precedent to FFB Advance 51

Section 5.07 Advance Deductions 51

Section 5.08 Satisfaction of Conditions Precedent 51

Article VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 52

Section 6.01 Organization and Existence 52

Section 6.02 Authorization; No Conflict 52

Section 6.03 Capitalization 53

Section 6.04 Solvency 53

Section 6.05 Eligibility of Borrower; Project 53

Section 6.06 Transaction Documents 53

Section 6.07 Required Approvals 53

Section 6.08 Litigation 54

- i -

Section 6.09 Indebtedness 54

Section 6.10 Security Interests; Liens 55

Section 6.11 Taxes 55

Section 6.12 Financial Statements 56

Section 6.13 Business; Other Transactions 56

Section 6.14 Accounts 57

Section 6.15 Property 57

Section 6.16 Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, Project Budgets and Plans 58

Section 6.17 Intellectual Property 59

Section 6.18 Infringement; No Adverse Proceedings 59

Section 6.19 No Amendments to Transaction Documents 60

Section 6.20 Compliance with Laws; Program Requirements 60

Section 6.21 Investment Company Act 60

Section 6.22 Margin Stock 60

Section 6.23 Anti-Corruption Laws 60

Section 6.24 Environmental Laws 61

Section 6.25 Employment and Labor Contracts 61

Section 6.26 Davis-Bacon Act 61

Section 6.27 ERISA 62

Section 6.28 Powers of Attorney 63

Section 6.29 Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws 63

Section 6.30 Cargo Preference Act 63

Section 6.31 Lobbying Restriction 64

Section 6.32 Federal Funding 64

Section 6.33 No Federal Debt Delinquency 64

Section 6.34 No Tax-Exempt Indebtedness 64

Section 6.35 Sufficient Funds 64

Section 6.36 Use of Proceeds 64

Section 6.37 No Immunity 64

Section 6.38 No Fraudulent Intent 64

Section 6.39 Disclosure 65

Section 6.40 Insurance 65

Section 6.41 Information Technology; Cyber Security 65

Section 6.42 Certain Events 66

Section 6.43 No Material Adverse Effect 66

Section 6.44 Individual Qualifying Project Representations and Warranties 66

Article VII AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 66

Section 7.01 Maintenance of Existence; Property; Etc. 66

Section 7.02 Intellectual Property 66

Section 7.03 Insurance 68

Section 7.04 Event of Loss 69

Section 7.05 Further Assurances; Creation and Perfection of Security Interests 70

Section 7.06 Diligent Construction of Project; Approved Construction Changes 71

Section 7.07 Contractual Remedies 71

Section 7.08 Taxes, Duties, Expenses and Liabilities 72

Section 7.09 Performance of Obligations 72

Section 7.10 Use of Proceeds 73

Section 7.11 Books, Records and Inspections 73

Section 7.12 Compliance with Applicable Law 75

Section 7.13 Compliance with Program Requirements 75

- ii -

Section 7.14 Accounts; Cash Deposits 75

Section 7.15 Know Your Customer Information 76

Section 7.16 Davis-Bacon Act 76

Section 7.17 Lobbying Restriction 77

Section 7.18 Cargo Preference Act 77

Section 7.19 SAM Registration 77

Section 7.20 ERISA 77

Section 7.21 Financial Covenants 78

Section 7.22 Public Announcements 78

Section 7.23 Bankruptcy Remoteness 78

Section 7.24 Prohibited Persons 78

Section 7.25 International Compliance Directives 79

Section 7.26 Operating Plan; Operations 79

Section 7.27 O&M Budget 79

Section 7.28 Acceptance and Start-up Testing 81

Section 7.29 Individual Qualifying Project Affirmative Covenants 81

Article VIII INFORMATION COVENANTS 81

Section 8.01 Financial Statements 81

Section 8.02 Reports 84

Section 8.03 Notices 87

Section 8.04 Other Information 89

Section 8.05 Adverse Proceedings; Defense of Claims 90

Section 8.06 Remediation Plan 90

Section 8.07 Individual Qualifying Project Reporting Obligations 91

Article IX NEGATIVE COVENANTS 91

Section 9.01 Restrictions on Operations 91

Section 9.02 Liens 94

Section 9.03 Merger; Disposition; Acquisition; Transfer or Abandonment 94

Section 9.04 Restricted Payments 94

Section 9.05 Use of Proceeds 96

Section 9.06 Organizational Documents; Fiscal Year; Account Policies; Reporting Practices 96

Section 9.07 Approved Construction Changes; Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule; Budgets 96

Section 9.08 Hedging Agreements 96

Section 9.09 Margin Regulations 96

Section 9.10 ERISA 97

Section 9.11 Investment Company Act 97

Section 9.12 OFAC 97

Section 9.13 Debarment Regulations 97

Section 9.14 Prohibited Person 98

Section 9.15 Restrictions on Indebtedness and Certain Capital Transactions 98

Section 9.16 No Other Federal Funding 99

Section 9.17 Intellectual Property 99

Section 9.18 Program Requirements 100

Section 9.19 Environmental Law 100

Section 9.20 Individual Qualifying Project Negative Covenants 100

Article X EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 100

Section 10.01 Events of Default 100

Section 10.02 Remedies; Waivers 105

- iii -

Section 10.03 Individual Qualifying Project Standstill Period. 107

Section 10.04 Accelerated Advances 108

Article XI MISCELLANEOUS 108

Section 11.01 Waiver and Amendment 108

Section 11.02 Right of Set-Off 108

Section 11.03 Survival of Representations and Warranties 109

Section 11.04 Notices 109

Section 11.05 Severability 109

Section 11.06 Judgment Currency 109

Section 11.07 Indemnification 110

Section 11.08 Limitation on Liability 111

Section 11.09 Successors and Assigns 112

Section 11.10 FFB Right to Sell Loan 112

Section 11.11 Further Assurances and Corrective Instruments 113

Section 11.12 Reinstatement 113

Section 11.13 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 113

Section 11.14 Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 113

Section 11.15 Entire Agreement 114

Section 11.16 Benefits of Agreement 114

Section 11.17 Headings 115

Section 11.18 Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 115

Section 11.19 No Partnership; Etc. 115

Section 11.20 Independence of Covenants 115

Section 11.21 Marshaling 116

Signatories 115

ANNEXES, SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS

Annex A Definitions

Schedule 3.02 Limestone Amortization Schedule

Schedule 5.01(ee) Technical Conditions Precedent

Schedule 6.03 Capitalization

Schedule 6.07 Required Approvals Schedule

Schedule 6.08 Disclosed Adverse Proceedings

Schedule 6.13 Affiliate Transactions

Schedule 6.24 Environmental Laws

Schedule 6.41 Information Technology; Cyber Security

Schedule 6.44 Initial Qualifying Project Details

Schedule 7.03 Limestone Insurance

Schedule 8.02 Key Technical Definitions

Schedule 11.04 Notices

Exhibit A Form of Advance Request

Exhibit B Form of Drawstop Notice

Exhibit C [Reserved]

Exhibit D Form of Closing Certificate

Exhibit E Form of Tax Certificate

- iv -

Exhibit F1 Limestone Construction Budget

Exhibit F2 Portfolio Construction Budget

Exhibit G Form of Secured Party Advisor Report Bring-Down
Certificate

Exhibit H Form of Accession Agreement

Exhibit I Davis-Bacon Act Contract Provisions

Exhibit J Form of Community Benefits Plan and Justice40 Annual
Report

Exhibit K Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit L Form of Annual Certificate

Exhibit M [Reserved]

Exhibit N Form of Quarterly Certificate

Exhibit O Form of Construction Workforce Report

Exhibit P Form of Operations and Maintenance Workforce
Report

Exhibit Q Form of Monthly Certificate

Exhibit R Form of Monthly Construction Progress
Report

Exhibit S Form of Restricted Payment Certificate

Exhibit T [Reserved]

Exhibit U Form of Equity Commitment and Completion Support
Agreement

Exhibit V Form of Equity Pledge Agreement

Exhibit W Form of Make-Whole Agreement

Exhibit X Form of O&M Agreement

Exhibit Y Form of O&M Budget

Exhibit Z Form of Project Completion Date
Certificate

Exhibit AA Form of Officers Certificate

Exhibit BB Form of QP Approval Notice

Exhibit CC Form of Truck Agreement

Exhibit DD [Reserved]

Exhibit EE [Reserved]

Exhibit FF Form of QPEP

Exhibit GG Form of Electrolyzer Supply Agreement

Exhibit HH Form of Liquefaction Supply Agreement

Exhibit II Form of Project Company Security Agreement

Exhibit JJ Limestone Community Benefits Plan

Exhibit KK Form of Estoppel Certificate

- v -

LOAN GUARANTEE AGREEMENT,
dated as of January 16, 2025 (this Agreement), between the UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, an agency
of the United States of America, acting in its capacity as guarantor and loan servicer of the Guaranteed Loan (DOE),
PLUG POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the
Borrower), PLUG POWER LIMESTONE, LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware (Limestone), and the ADDITIONAL PROJECT COMPANIES from time to time party hereto.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS

(A) DOE has been authorized to issue a guarantee
for FFB to make loans for the Project Portfolio facility pursuant to Title XVII of the
Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. 109 58, as amended by Section 406 of Div. A
of Title IV of Pub. L. 111 5, and as further amended from time to time
(Title XVII).

(B) Borrower has undertaken, through wholly-owned
Project Companies to develop a distributed hydrogen production and liquefaction network,
powered by renewable or nuclear energy and using proton exchange membrane electrolyzers,
for the delivery of such low carbon liquefied hydrogen to serve a national
customer base (the Project Portfolio).

(C) As part of the Project Portfolio, the Borrower
is developing the Limestone Project to be the Initial Qualifying Project under and pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents.

(D) The Borrower submitted an application for
the issuance by DOE of a guarantee of a multi-draw term loan facility to be authorized and
approved by DOE under Title XVII, subject to the requirements of Section 1703 of
Title XVII and the Applicable Regulations (the Application).

(E) The Borrower and DOE entered into a Conditional
Commitment Letter dated May 14, 2024, pursuant to which DOE agreed to arrange for
FFB to purchase the FFB Notes from the Borrower and to make Advances from time to time thereunder,
in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and the other
Financing Documents.

(F) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
DOE will, in connection with arranging financing for the Borrower from FFB, issue and deliver
to FFB the DOE Guarantee(s) pursuant to which it will guarantee the Borrowers
repayment of principal and interest on the Advances as and when required pursuant to the
FFB Notes and any other liabilities, losses, costs or expenses incurred by FFB from time
to time with respect to the FFB Notes or the related FFB Note Purchase Agreement.

(G) The execution of this Agreement is a condition
precedent to DOEs issuance of the DOE Guarantee for the Initial Qualifying Project,
and FFBs receipt of such DOE Guarantee is a condition precedent to FFBs execution
of the FFB Documents.

(H) The Borrowers obligations to DOE and
FFB will be secured by the Liens granted under the Security Documents, to the extent provided
therein.

(I) The parties hereto desire: (a) to specify,
among other things, the terms and conditions for: (i) the delivery by DOE of the DOE
Guarantee and other FFB Secretarys Instruments required for FFB to purchase the FFB
Notes pursuant to a FFB Note Purchase Agreement; (ii) the delivery by DOE of Advance
Request Approval Notices; and (iii) certain indemnity and reimbursement obligations
of the Borrower to DOE; and (b) to provide for certain other matters related thereto.

1

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereby agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS
AND OTHER RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.01Terms
Generally. Capitalized terms used herein, including in the preliminary statements, without
definition shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in Annex A (Definitions).

Section 1.02Other
Rules of Construction. Unless the contrary is expressly stated herein:

(a)words
in this Agreement denoting one gender only shall be construed to include all genders;

(b)when
used in this Agreement, the words including, includes and include shall be deemed to be followed
in each instance by the words without limitation;

(c)when
used in this Agreement, the word or is not exclusive;

(d)when
used in this Agreement, the words herein, hereby, hereunder, hereof, hereto,
hereinbefore, and hereinafter, and words of similar import, unless otherwise specified, shall refer to this
Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular section, subsection, paragraph, clause or other subdivision, exhibit, schedule or
appendix of this Agreement;

(e)each
reference in this Agreement to any article, section, subsection, paragraph, clause or other subdivision, annex, exhibit, schedule or
appendix shall mean, unless otherwise specified, the respective article, section, subsection, paragraph, clause or other subdivision,
annex, exhibit, schedule or appendix of this Agreement;

(f)capitalized
terms in this Agreement referring to any Person or party to any Financing Document or to any other agreement, instrument, deed or other
document shall refer to such Person or party together with its successors and permitted assigns, and in the case of any Governmental
Authority, any Person succeeding to its functions and capacities;

(g)each
reference in this Agreement to any Financing Document or to any other agreement, instrument, deed or other document, shall be deemed
to be a reference to such Financing Document or such other agreement, instrument, deed or document, as the case may be, as the same may
be amended, supplemented, novated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof;

(h)each
reference in this Agreement to any Applicable Law or Environmental Law shall be construed as a reference to such Applicable Law or Environmental
Law, as applied, amended, modified, extended or re-enacted from time to time, and includes any rules or regulations promulgated
thereunder;

(i)each
reference in this Agreement to any provision of any other Financing Document will include reference to any definition or provision incorporated
by reference within that provision;

2

(j)except
where expressly provided otherwise, whenever any matter is required to be satisfactory to, or determined or approved by, DOE or FFB,
or DOE or FFB is required or permitted to exercise any discretion (including any discretion to waive, select, require, deem appropriate,
deem necessary, permit, determine or approve any matter), the satisfaction, determination or approval of DOE or FFB, or the exercise
by DOE or FFB of such discretion, shall be in its respective sole and absolute discretion, as applicable, and further DOE shall be entitled
to consult with the Independent Engineer or any other of its Secured Party Advisors in making such determination or exercising such discretion;

(k)except
where expressly provided otherwise, the words days, weeks, months and years shall
mean calendar days, weeks, months and years, respectively, and each reference to a time of day shall mean such time in Washington, D.C.;

(l)the
table of contents and article and section headings and other captions have been inserted as a matter of convenience for the purpose
of reference only and do not limit or affect the meaning of the terms and provisions thereof;

(m)the
expression reasonable efforts and expressions of like import, when used in connection with an obligation of the Borrower
Entity, means taking in good faith and with due diligence all commercially reasonable steps to achieve the objective and to perform the
obligation, including doing all that can reasonably be done in the circumstances taking into account each partys obligations hereunder
to mitigate delays and additional costs to the other party, and in any event taking no fewer steps and efforts than those that would
be taken by a commercially reasonable and prudent person in comparable circumstances, where the whole of the benefit of the obligation
and where all the results of taking such steps and efforts accrue solely to that persons own benefit;

(n)the
words asset and property, unless otherwise defined herein, shall be construed to have the same meaning and
effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Equity Interests, securities, revenues,
accounts, leasehold interests, Intellectual Property and contract rights;

(o)the
word will shall be construed as having the same meaning and effect as the word shall;

(p)the
definitions of the terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined; and

(q)the
following actions by the Borrower Entities shall satisfy retroactive compliance, retroactively adjustment
and other similar constructions with respect to compliance with the Davis-Bacon Act in the Financing Documents for work performed prior
to the Execution Date: the Borrowers use of good faith efforts to distribute the DBA Retroactive Compliance Amount to all DBA
Contract Parties for further distribution to laborers and mechanics who were paid less than the applicable prevailing wage rates as outlined
in the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements for the work performed prior to the Execution Date and otherwise in accordance with the Davis-Bacon
Act Requirements.

Section 1.03Definitions
in Other Written Communications. Unless the contrary intention appears, any capitalized
term used without definition in any notice or other written communication given under or pursuant to this Agreement shall have the same
meaning in that notice or other written communication as in this Agreement.

3

Section 1.04Conflict
with FFB Documents. In the case of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and
the terms of any FFB Document (a) as between the Borrower and DOE the terms of this Agreement shall control, unless expressly stated
to the contrary herein and (b) as (i) between the Borrower and FFB or (ii) between DOE and FFB, the terms of such FFB
Document shall control.

Section 1.05Accounting
Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting terms used herein and
in the other Financing Documents, and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, but not otherwise
defined in Annex A (Definitions) hereto shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in conformity with GAAP.

Article II

FUNDING

Section 2.01Guaranteed
Loan Purchase of the FFB Notes.

(a)Purchase
of the FFB Notes. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and of the FFB Documents:

(i)on
the Execution Date, DOE shall deliver to FFB the FFB Secretarys Instruments required, in accordance with Section 3.3 (Secretarys
Instruments) of the FFB Note Purchase Agreement for the Initial Qualifying Project, in connection with the offer to FFB to purchase
the FFB Note contemplated thereunder in a Maximum QP Commitment Amount not to exceed three hundred eighty-seven million, five hundred
ninety-eight thousand, six hundred forty-seven Dollars and six Cents ($387,598,647.06) and a Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount
not to exceed twenty-six million, eight hundred seven thousand, six hundred ninety-three Dollars and seventeen Cents ($26,807,693.17),
in each case, for the Initial Qualifying Project; and

(ii)prior
to each First Advance Date for a subsequent Qualifying Project after the Initial Qualifying Project, DOE shall deliver to FFB the FFB
Secretarys Instruments required, in accordance with Section 3.3 (Secretarys Instruments) of the FFB Note Purchase
Agreement for such Qualifying Project, in connection with the offer to FFB to purchase the FFB Note contemplated thereunder in a Maximum
QP Commitment Amount and Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount to be set forth in such FFB Note.

The FFB Notes contemplated under all the FFB
Note Purchase Agreements shall equal an aggregate maximum principal amount not to exceed one billion, five hundred fifty million, three
hundred ninety-three thousand, two hundred seventy-three Dollars and eighty-seven Cents ($1,550,393,273.87) (the Maximum
Principal Amount) and an aggregate maximum amount of capitalized interest in accordance with Section 3.04(a) (Interest
Amount and Interest Computations) not to exceed one hundred seven million, two hundred thirty-two thousand, eighty-seven Dollars
and five Cents ($107,232,087.05) (the Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount and together with the Maximum Principal
Amount, the Maximum Guaranteed Loan Amount, and the loan extended under the FFB Notes, the Guaranteed
Loan).

(b)Loans.

(i)The
Guaranteed Loan shall be disbursed, and corresponding FFB Notes shall be issued, in connection with each Qualifying Project.

(ii)The
aggregate total amount of the FFB Notes (including capitalized interest) shall not exceed the lesser of (x) one billion, six hundred
fifty-seven million, six hundred twenty-five thousand, three hundred sixty Dollars and ninety-two Cents ($1,657,625,360.92), (y) the
sum of the Maximum QP Loan Amount for all Qualifying Projects with respect to which a First Advance has been made, and (z) eighty
percent (80%) of Eligible Project Costs (taken together) for all Qualifying Projects with respect to which a First Advance has been
made.

4

(iii)In
no event will the aggregate total of the Maximum QP Principal Amount for all Qualifying Projects exceed the Maximum Principal Amount.

(iv)In
no event will the aggregate total of the Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount for all Qualifying Projects exceed the Maximum Capitalized
Interest Amount.

Section 2.02Availability
and Reductions.

(a)Maximum
Guaranteed Loan Amount; Availability Period. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and of the FFB Documents, DOE shall, during
the applicable Availability Period, deliver to FFB an Advance Request Approval Notice authorizing FFB to make Advances in accordance
with Section 2.03(c)(ii) (Advance Request Approval Notice); provided, that after giving effect to any
Advances and the use of proceeds thereof and subject to Section 2.06(c) (Determination of Advance Amounts): (i) the
aggregate amount of all Advances made to the Borrower under the relevant FFB Note for any Qualifying Project shall not exceed the applicable
Maximum QP Principal Amount, and shall otherwise comply with the Debt Sizing Parameters and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Advances
made to the Borrower under all FFB Notes then-outstanding shall not exceed the Maximum Principal Amount and shall otherwise comply with
the Debt Sizing Parameters.

(b)Loan
Commitment Amount Reductions.

(i)The
Borrower may, on not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to DOE and upon the satisfaction of any consent
requirement or other applicable provisions of this Agreement and each other Financing Document, permanently reduce the Maximum QP Principal
Amount for a Qualifying Project in whole or in part, but only if:

(A)the
Borrower demonstrates to DOEs satisfaction that the total funding committed and available to the applicable Qualifying Project
is sufficient to pay all remaining Project Costs, for such Qualifying Project in accordance with the then applicable Construction Budget,
Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule and Base Case Financial Model;

(B)DOE
is satisfied that the proposed reduction or cancellation would not reasonably be expected to cause a Default or an Event of Default;

(C)the
Borrower shall have delivered to DOE by an Acceptable Delivery Method, a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, with
respect to the matters set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above; and

(D)upon
such cancellation or reduction, the Borrower shall pay all expenses and other amounts then due with respect to, or as a result of, such
cancellation or reduction under this Agreement.

(ii)Upon
receipt by any Project Company of Net Production Tax Credit Proceeds, the Borrower may elect, by delivery of a written notice to DOE
no later than twelve (12) months following receipt of such Net Production Tax Credit Proceeds, to apply such Net Production
Tax Credit Proceeds to Eligible Project Costs for a Qualifying Project. Upon DOEs written acceptance of such notice, the specified
amount of Net Production Tax Credit Proceeds will be transferred to the Construction Account for the applicable Qualifying Project and
the Maximum QP Principal Amount for such Qualifying Project will be reduced by the same amount.

5

(iii)Once
reduced or canceled, the Maximum QP Principal Amount for a Qualifying Project may not be increased. Any reduction or cancellation of
any Maximum QP Principal Amount will automatically reduce the Maximum Principal Amount by the same Dollar value.

(c)DOE
Termination.

(i)If
the Initial First Advance has not occurred by the Initial First Advance Longstop Date, DOE may terminate this Agreement upon no less
than ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Borrower. Once terminated, this Agreement may not be reinstated.

(ii)Following
the occurrence of the First Advance Longstop Date, upon not less than ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to
the Borrower, DOE may terminate the availability of any Maximum Principal Amount in excess of the aggregate total of the Maximum QP Principal
Amount for all Qualifying Projects for which a First Advance Date has occurred. Once so terminated, such amount may not be reinstated.

Section 2.03Mechanics
for Requesting Advances.

(a)Advance
Requests. Subject to the FFB Documents, from time to time during the applicable Availability Period, the Borrower may request Advances
under the FFB Documents by delivering, by an Acceptable Delivery Method, to DOE, an appropriately completed request with respect to such
Advance or Advances (each, an Advance Request), in the form attached as Exhibit A (Form of Advance
Request) (as such form may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time by DOE, the Form of Advance Request),
and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, not less than eighteen (18) Business Days and not more than twenty (20) Business
Days prior to the Requested Advance Date.

(b)Frequency.
The Borrower may request Advances in accordance with clause (a) above no earlier than thirty (30) days from
the date of the immediately preceding Advance Request; provided, that: (i) the Borrower shall not deliver an Advance Request
more frequently than six (6) times per calendar year without the prior written consent of DOE; and (ii) in no event shall
any Requested Advance Date be: (A) the last three (3) Business Days of any calendar month (other than March, June, September or
December which are addressed in clause (B)); (B) the last seven (7) Business Days of March, June, September or
December; or (C) during the period from September 15 through and including the third (3rd) Business Day in October.

(c)Advance
Funding.

(i)Satisfaction
of Conditions. Promptly after receipt of an Advance Request complying with Section 2.03(a) (Advance Requests),
DOE shall review such Advance Request to determine whether all certificates and documentation required to be attached thereto have been
delivered to it.

(ii)Advance
Request Approval Notice. With respect to any Advance under the FFB Documents, if DOE determines that: (x) the Advance Request
has been satisfactorily completed pursuant to this Section 2.03 (Mechanics for Requesting Advances); and (y) all
conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.03 (Conditions Precedent to Each First Advance Date) and Section 5.04
(Advance Approval Conditions Precedent) in respect of the requested Advance have been satisfied (or waived in writing), then
DOE shall issue to FFB an Advance Request Approval Notice no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Requested Advance
Date.

6

(iii)Funding.
For any requested Advance for which an Advance Request Approval Notice has been issued pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) (Advance
Funding) and for which no Drawstop Notice has been issued pursuant to Section 2.03(d) (Drawstop Notices),
FFB shall fund such Advance on the Requested Advance Date in accordance with the relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement and the relevant
FFB Note. Such funds shall be applied as specified in the FFB Documents and in accordance with Section 2.03(f) (Disbursement
of Proceeds); provided, that if any Drawstop Notice has been issued and is in effect on the Requested Advance Date with respect
to any funds received by the Borrower, such funds (together with any additional amounts due thereon or arising therefrom) shall be returned
by the Borrower to FFB pursuant to Section 2.03(d) (Drawstop Notices).

(d)Drawstop
Notices.

(i)Issuance Following
the issuance of any Advance Request Approval Notice by DOE pursuant to Section 2.03(a) (Advance Requests) above
and on or prior to the Requested Advance Date, DOE or FFB may, from time to time, issue a notice substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B (Form of Drawstop Notice) (a Drawstop Notice) to the Borrower and to DOE or
FFB, as the case may be, if and only if DOE or FFB, as the case may be, determines that:

(A)any
condition set forth in Section 5.03 (Conditions Precedent to Each First Advance Date), Section 5.04 (Advance
Approval Conditions Precedent) and 5.06 (Conditions Precedent to FFB Advance), as applicable, with respect to such
Advance is not met, or, having been met, is no longer met; or

(B)to
the extent the Advance Request Approval Notice has been issued for any Advance under any FFB Note and relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement,
the conditions precedent to such Advance contained in the relevant FFB Note and the relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement are not met,
or, having been met, are no longer met.

(ii)Consequences If
a Drawstop Notice is issued, FFB shall not be obligated to make the requested Advance set forth on such Drawstop Notice; provided,
that if FFB makes any such Advance to the Borrower following the issuance of a Drawstop Notice, the Borrower shall return such Advance
to FFB within one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof; and, provided further, that any amount required to be
returned by the Borrower pursuant to this clause (ii) shall accrue interest at the Late Charge Rate from the date such
Advance is made until, and including the date such Advance is returned and be subject to payment of a make-whole amount in accordance
with the relevant FFB Note. Following the return of such Advance, FFB shall deliver an invoice to the Borrower setting forth the interest
and other applicable make-whole amount due and payable with respect to such returned amount. The Borrower shall pay promptly, but in
no event later than five (5) Business Days following delivery of such invoice, such interest and other applicable make-whole
amounts as directed by FFB, and the Borrower shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by DOE, FFB, or the Collateral Agent as a result
of such Advance withdrawal.

7

(e)No
Liability.

(i)The
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that DOE shall only be required to use its reasonable efforts to provide FFB with the necessary Advance
Request Approval Notices within the time frames specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) (Advance Request Approved Notice)
but DOE shall in any event ensure that FFB receives all such Advance Requests and Advance Request Approval Notices as soon as reasonably
practicable following receipt from the Borrower of the applicable Advance Requests and certificates and other documentation specified
above (subject to the Borrower satisfying all conditions precedent specified in this Agreement, Section 5.03, (Conditions Precedent
to Each First Advance Date), Section 5.04 (Advance Approval Conditions Precedent) and Section 5.06
(Conditions Precedent to FFB Advance), as applicable and, prior to the Execution Date, Section 5.01 (Conditions
Precedent to the Execution Date) and Section 5.02 (Conditions Precedent to FFB Purchase of the FFB Note), respectively).

(ii)Neither
DOE nor FFB shall have any liability for any action taken (including the delivery of a Drawstop Notice) or omitted to be taken (including
the refusal to fund any Advance or Advances following the issuance of a Drawstop Notice) or for any loss or injury resulting from its
actions or inaction or its performance or lack of performance of any of its other obligations hereunder unless and solely to the extent
such liability arises from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of DOE or FFB as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final, Non-Appealable judgement. In no event shall DOE, FFB or any subsequent holder of any FFB Note be liable, and
each such Person shall be exempt from liability in accordance with Section 11.08 (Limitation on Liability), in each
case: (A) for acting in accordance with, or relying upon, any entitlement order, instruction, notice, demand, certificate or document
from the Borrower or any entity acting on behalf of the Borrower; or (B) in the case of FFB or any subsequent holder of any FFB
Note, for acting in accordance with, or relying upon, any Drawstop Notice issued by DOE.

(iii)Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, neither DOE nor FFB shall incur any liability to the Borrower, any Affiliate thereof
or to any other Secured Party for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility hereunder or under any
other Financing Document by reason of any Lender Force Majeure Event; it being understood that DOE or FFB, as the case may be, shall
resume performance hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable after the effects of such Lender Force Majeure Event cease to prevent
or otherwise hinder DOE or FFB, as applicable, from performing hereunder or thereunder.

(f)Disbursement
of Proceeds.

(i)The
Borrower shall apply the proceeds of any Advance solely to:

(A)reimburse
the applicable Project Company in an amount equal to Eligible Project Cost Reimbursement Amounts for its Qualifying Project; or

(B)pay
for Eligible Project Costs for the Qualifying Project with respect to which such Advance was requested that have been invoiced and are
due and payable, or are projected to become due and payable, within the ninety (90) day period following the relevant Advance
Date as evidenced by invoices, or other documentation reasonably acceptable to DOE, and verified by the Independent Engineer (which invoices
and other documentation will be delivered as a condition to release of any Advance proceeds from the Advance Proceeds Account to the
Construction Account pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(i) (Transfers from Advance Proceeds Account) of the Accounts Accession
Agreement).

(ii)In
no event shall the proceeds of the Advances be:

(A)used
for any Project other than the Qualifying Project with respect to which such Advance was requested;

8

(B)used
to pay interest payments on the Guaranteed Loan or programmatic fees charged by or paid to DOE relating to the Guaranteed Loan;

(C)disbursed
to fund or reimburse the Borrower or any other Borrower Party for any contribution made under the Base Equity Commitment or otherwise
required under any Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement; or

(D)used
to pay any portion of Project costs that are not Eligible Project Costs.

Section 2.04Advance
Requirements under the FFB Documents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Article II (Funding), the Borrower shall comply with each disbursement requirement set forth in the FFB Documents.
Unless otherwise specified in the FFB Documents, all determinations to be made with respect to the FFB Documents shall be made by DOE.

Section 2.05No
Approval of Work. The making of any Advance or Advances under the Financing Documents shall
not be deemed an approval or acceptance by any Secured Party of any work, labor, supplies, materials or equipment furnished or supplied
with respect to any Qualifying Project.

Section 2.06Determination
of Advance Amounts.

As of any date of any requested
Advance, after giving effect to the Advance:

(a)the
sum of:

(w) the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of all Advances then made to the Borrower under all FFB Notes outstanding (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
principal amount of such requested Advance), and

(x) the Aggregate Capitalized
Interest,

shall not exceed eighty percent (80%)
of the sum of:

(y) the amount of Eligible Project
Costs (excluding all interest for such purposes) incurred and paid for all Qualifying Projects with respect to which a First Advance
Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant Requested Advance Date; and

(z) the Aggregate Capitalized
Interest;

(b)the
outstanding principal amount of the Guaranteed Loan (excluding any capitalized interest) shall not exceed the Maximum Principal Amount;

(c)the
aggregate amount of capitalized interest shall not exceed the Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount;

(d)the
outstanding principal amount of the Advances made for any Qualifying Project shall not exceed the Maximum QP Principal Amount for such
Qualifying Project; and

9

(e)the
aggregate amount of capitalized interest on Advances for any Qualifying Project shall not exceed the Maximum QP Capitalized Interest
Amount for such Qualifying Project, (collectively, the Debt Sizing Parameters).

Article III

PAYMENTS;
PREPAYMENTS

Section 3.01Place
and Manner of Payments.

(a)All
payments due under the FFB Notes shall be made by the Borrower to FFB pursuant to the terms of the FFB Documents.

(b)All
payments to be made to DOE under this Agreement shall be sent by the Borrower in Dollars in immediately available funds before 1:00 p.m. (District
of Columbia time) on the date when due to the account specified pursuant to Section 4.01(i) (Reimbursement and Other
Payment Obligations).

(c)In
the event that the date of any payment to DOE or the expiration of any time period hereunder occurs on a day that is not a Business Day,
then such payment or expiration of time period shall be made or occur on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time
shall in such cases be included in computing interest or fees, if any, in connection with such payment.

(d)The
Borrower understands and agrees that DOE and FFB are agencies or instrumentalities of the United States and that all payments hereunder
or under the Financing Documents are payable, and shall in all cases be paid, free and clear of all Taxes.

Section 3.02Maturity
and Amortization.

(a)Maturity
Date.

(i)The
Borrower shall repay the outstanding Guaranteed Loan on the Maturity Date.

(ii)The
Borrower shall repay the outstanding Guaranteed Loans related to each Qualifying Project on the QP Maturity Date for such Qualifying
Project.

(b)Payments.
Each FFB Note shall: (i) be stated to mature in consecutive quarterly installments of principal (each, a FFB Note Installment)
payable on each Payment Date, commencing on the First Principal Payment Date of such FFB Note (or, if not a Business Day, the next Business
Day), in the amounts set forth in the Amortization Schedule applicable to the Qualifying Project for which such FFB Note is issued;
and (ii) provide for the capitalization and payment of interest in accordance with Section 3.04 (Interest Provisions
Relating to All Advances) and the FFB Documents.

Section 3.03Evidence
of Debt. The entries made in the internal records maintained by or on behalf of DOE evidencing
the amounts from time to time: (i) advanced by FFB under the FFB Note Purchase Agreements and the FFB Notes; or (ii) paid by
or on behalf of the Borrower from time to time in respect thereof, shall constitute, absent manifest error, evidence of the existence
and amount of the FFB Notes Obligations of the Borrower as therein recorded.

10

Section 3.04Interest
Provisions Relating to All Advances.

(a)Interest
Amount and Interest Computations.

(i)Interest
shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount of each Advance from the date such Advance is disbursed to the Borrower pursuant to
the FFB Note Purchase Agreements and the relevant FFB Notes, to the date such Advance is due, in each case, at a rate per annum as specified
in the FFB Note Purchase Agreements. Except as provided in Section 3.04(a)(ii) (Interest Amount and Interest Computations),
interest accrued on the outstanding principal balance of each Advance shall be due and payable on each Payment Date beginning on the
First Interest Payment Date to occur after the date on which such Advance is made, through and including the Maturity Date. (or, if earlier,
the applicable QP Maturity Date).

(ii)For
each Advance on a FFB Note made prior to the First Interest Payment Date, for such FFB Note the amount of accrued interest on such FFB
Note that would otherwise be due and payable on each Payment Date to occur before such First Interest Payment Date shall be capitalized
in arrears on the respective Payment Date and be added to the principal amount due under such FFB Note, and interest shall thereafter
accrue on the sum of the outstanding principal (including such capitalized interest) at the rate established for such Advance in accordance
with paragraph 6 of such FFB Note; provided, that the aggregate amount of accrued interest that may be capitalized on the
FFB Note for any Qualifying Project shall not exceed the Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount for such Qualifying Project and shall
not cause the total outstanding amount, (including capitalized interest) under such FFB Note to exceed the applicable Qualifying Projects
Maximum QP Loan Amount or the outstanding aggregate amount under all FFB Notes to exceed the Maximum Guaranteed Loan Amount. The amount
of interest that shall be capitalized on each Advance shall be determined as set forth in the relevant FFB Note.

(iii)Any
interest accrued on any FFB Note that exceeds the Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount or the Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount for
such FFB Note shall be payable by the Borrower in cash in arrears on each Payment Date as provided for in such FFB Note.

(iv)Without
limiting the foregoing, all Overdue Amounts on the Guaranteed Loan shall: (A) accrue interest at the Late Charge Rate; and (B) be
payable by the Borrower in accordance with the FFB Documents.

(v)The
Borrower hereby authorizes FFB to record in an account or accounts maintained by FFB on its books: (A) the interest rates applicable
to all Advances; (B) the date and amount of each principal and interest payment on each Advance outstanding; and (C) such other
information as FFB may determine is necessary for the computation of interest and the Prepayment Price payable by the Borrower under
the FFB Notes. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that all computations of interest and the Prepayment Price by FFB pursuant to this
Section 3.04 (Interest Provisions Relating to All Advances) and the FFB Notes shall, in the absence of manifest error,
be evidence of the amount thereof. All computations of interest shall be made as set forth in the relevant FFB Document.

(b)Interest
Payment Dates. Subject to the terms of the FFB Note Purchase Agreements and the FFB Notes, the Borrower shall pay accrued interest
on the outstanding principal amount of each Advance: (i) on each Payment Date, as and to the extent specified in Section 3.04(a) (Interest
Amount and Computation); (ii) on each prepayment date (to the extent thereof); and (iii) at maturity (whether by acceleration
or otherwise).

11

Section 3.05Prepayments.

(a)Terms
of All Prepayments.

(i)With
respect to any prepayment of any Advance, whether such prepayment is voluntary or mandatory, including a prepayment upon acceleration,
the Borrower shall comply with all applicable terms and provisions of this Agreement and the FFB Documents.

(ii)All
prepayments of any FFB Note shall be: (A) applied to Advances as specified in the relevant Prepayment Election Notice; and (B) due
in an amount equal to the Prepayment Price calculated by FFB in accordance with the terms of the FFB Note.

(iii)The
Borrower may not re-borrow the principal amount of any Advance that is prepaid, nor shall any such prepayment create availability for
further borrowings during the Availability Period.

(iv)Simultaneously
with all prepayments of the Advances under the Guaranteed Loan, whether voluntary or mandatory, the Borrower shall, to the extent required
by DOE, pay all accrued interest and other fees, costs, expenses and other Secured Obligations then outstanding under the Financing Documents.

(v)Any
prepayment (A) in full of all Advances under the Guaranteed Loan shall require payment in full of all other Secured Obligations
and (B) with respect to a Qualifying Project, in full of all Advances for such Qualifying Project, shall require the payment in
full of all other Secured Obligations for that Qualifying Project.

(vi)If
the Borrower shall fail to make a prepayment to FFB on any Intended Prepayment Date in accordance with this Agreement and the relevant
FFB Notes, the Borrower shall pay FFB a Late Charge on any Overdue Amount from such Intended Prepayment Date to the date on which payment
is made, computed in accordance with the provisions of the FFB Notes.

(vii)Any
prepayment made pursuant to this Section 3.05 (Prepayments) shall be applied: (A) for all mandatory prepayments
with the exception of the mandatory prepayment event in Section 3.05(c)(i)(K) (Mandatory Prepayments - Illegality),
to Advances made under the FFB Note for the Qualifying Project with respect to which the mandatory prepayment event has occurred; (B) to
the specific Advances identified by the Borrower in the applicable Prepayment Election Notice in accordance with FFB Documents; and (C) in
the inverse order of maturity among the outstanding principal amounts of such Advances.

(viii)In
the event of any prepayment in full of all outstanding Advances for a Qualifying Project pursuant to this Section 3.05 (Prepayments),
the remaining Maximum QP Loan Amount for such Qualifying Project shall be deemed to be reduced to zero (0) Dollars, unless
otherwise agreed to by DOE.

(ix)Prior
to the end of the Availability Period for a Qualifying Project, any prepayment in full with respect to any Qualifying Project shall release
DOE from all obligations under the Financing Documents with respect to such Qualifying Project arising from and after such prepayment.

12

(b)Voluntary
Prepayments.

(i)Subject
to clause (ii) below, the Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay all or any portion of the outstanding
principal amount of any Advance under any FFB Note, upon prior submission of a Prepayment Election Notice by the Borrower to DOE and
FFB (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Intended Prepayment Date in accordance
with the terms hereof and the FFB Notes.

(ii)The
Advances may only be prepaid under clause (i) above if either such prepayment includes prepayment (x) in full of
all outstanding Advances and all other Secured Obligations, (y) in full of all outstanding Advances for any Qualifying Project and
all other Secured Obligations related to such Qualifying Project, or (z) if in part as follows:

(A)to
the extent that such prepayment is made prior to the expiration of the Availability Period for any Qualifying Project, DOE has provided
its prior written consent and the remaining Maximum QP Loan Amount for each Qualifying Project subject to such prepayment is reduced
to zero (0) Dollars; or

(B)to
the extent such prepayment is made after the expiration of the Availability Period for a Qualifying Project, the Borrower has demonstrated
to the satisfaction of DOE that for each Qualifying Project with respect to which such a voluntary prepayment is being made, immediately
following such prepayment:

(1)each
Reserve Account and the Operating Account for such Qualifying Project, and the Borrower OpEx Account, has been fully funded to its required
balance in accordance with the applicable Accounts Agreement;

(2)if
the Physical Completion Date for such Qualifying Project has not yet occurred, such Qualifying Projects Physical Completion Date
is expected to occur on or before its Physical Completion Longstop Date;

(3)if
the Project Completion Date for such Qualifying Project has not yet occurred, such Qualifying Projects Project Completion Date
is expected to occur on or before its Project Completion Longstop Date;

(4)if
the Project Completion Date for such Qualifying Project has not yet occurred, the total funding available to the applicable Qualifying
Project is sufficient to pay all remaining Project Costs for such Qualifying Project in accordance with the applicable Construction Budget,
Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, and Base Case Financial Model;

(5)if
the Commercial Operations Date for such Qualifying Project has occurred, the total funding available to such Qualifying Project is sufficient
to pay all O&M Expenses in accordance with the applicable O&M Budget, and Base Case Financial Model; and

(6)in
each case, no Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or could reasonably be expected to occur as a result of such prepayment,
except in the case of a prepayment in full of all Advances and all other Secured Obligations related to such Qualifying Project to the
extent that the only Default or Event of Default outstanding prior to such prepayment is related exclusively to the Qualifying Project
being fully prepaid.

13

(c)Mandatory
Prepayments.

(i)The
Borrower shall prepay the Advances upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a Mandatory Prepayment Event),
in the prepayment amounts set forth below (such amounts, the Mandatory Prepayment Amounts):

(A)upon
receipt by any Borrower Party of any payment in respect of performance liquidated damages paid under any Major Project Document (subject
to rights to repair or modify the applicable Qualifying Project to address performance shortcomings upon satisfactory demonstration to
DOE that the required repair or modification is fully funded with such damages (and, as necessary, any equity) and the repair or modification
is reasonably likely to remediate the applicable non-performance) that exceed the amount required, as reasonably determined by DOE, to
pay to restart, repair or restore such Qualifying Project, or otherwise achieve its Project Completion Date, and less any corresponding
liquidated damages payable by or on behalf of the applicable Project Company to third parties under any Project Document;

(B)upon
receipt by any Borrower Party of any amount constituting Loss Proceeds, to the extent (and promptly following determination that) prepayment
is required in accordance with Section 7.04 (Event of Loss), such required amount;

(C)upon
receipt by any Borrower Party of any amount as a result of the breach, termination, or repudiation of any Major Project Document that
exceeds the reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Borrower or Project Company to replace such Major Project Document,
such excess amount, but solely to the extent such excess amount is greater than five hundred thousand Dollars ($500,000);

(D)with
respect to a Qualifying Project, upon receipt by any Borrower Party in respect of any Permitted Disposition in a single transaction or
a series of related transactions, that portion of the Net Amount of the proceeds of such Permitted Disposition that is not applied (or
reasonably expected to be applied) to the acquisition of replacement assets, but solely to the extent such excess amount is greater than
seven hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($750,000) individually or two million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the aggregate in any Fiscal
Year;

(E)at
the discretion of the Guarantor, one hundred percent (100%) of funds that have remained on deposit in any Distribution Suspense
Account after four (4) consecutive Payment Dates, after giving effect to all other withdrawals and transfers required to be made
on the final Payment Date of such four (4) consecutive Payment Date period pursuant to the applicable Accounts Agreement and otherwise,
in accordance with the terms thereof;

14

(F)as
of the Project Completion Date for each Qualifying Project, in the event that the Project Completion Date Revised Financial Model with
respect to such Qualifying Project shows that a portion of the Guaranteed Loan for such Qualifying Project is required to be prepaid
in order for the Debt Sizing Parameters for such Qualifying Project to be satisfied immediately upon Project Completion of such Qualifying
Project, the Borrower shall prepay such portion of the Guaranteed Loan for such Qualifying Project in the amount necessary to satisfy
such parameters; provided, that: (1) the Project Completion Date shall not occur until the Borrower has made this prepayment
in full; and (2) any prepayment pursuant to this clause (F) shall be paid from: (x) first, the then-available
amount of the Base Equity Commitment for such Qualifying Project in excess of the amount of Project Costs projected to become due and
payable up to the Project Completion Date for such Qualifying Project, (y) second, the Project Completion Guarantee and (z) third,
to the extent of any remaining insufficiency, pursuant to the Make-Whole Agreement for such Qualifying Project;

(G)with
respect to any Reserve Account funded (in part or full) with the proceeds of any Advance, an amount equal to any Acceptable Letter of
Credit that is credited to such account in lieu of such proceeds;

(H)upon
release of any Account Surplus (under and as defined in the Accounts Agreement) from the Debt Service Reserve Account, the amount of
such released Account Surplus that was funded with the proceeds of any Advance, in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(ii) (Transfers
from Debt Service Reserve Account) of the Accounts Agreement;

(I)on
any Quarterly Reporting Date, the Prepayment Price (calculated under and as defined in the FFB Notes) necessary to effect a mandatory
prepayment in a sum equal to any Excess Advance Amount as of such Quarterly Reporting Date;

(J)on
any date, the Prepayment Price (calculated under and as defined in the FFB Notes) necessary to effect a mandatory prepayment in a sum
equal to any Excess Guaranteed Loan Amount as of any such date;

(K)upon
the determination by DOE that any Applicable Law has made it unlawful or impossible for FFB to make Advances or maintain the Guaranteed
Loan or any portion thereof, or DOE to guarantee or commit to guarantee the amount of any Advance or to reimburse FFB pursuant to the
FFB Documents, or otherwise renders unlawful the performance by DOE or FFB of their respective obligations under the Financing Documents,
a sum equal to all outstanding Advances and all other Secured Obligations under the Guaranteed Loan;

(L)upon
receipt by any Borrower Party, or to the extent related to any Qualifying Project, any other Borrower Entity, of any other Extraordinary
Amount in excess of one million five hundred thousand Dollars ($1,500,000) during any Fiscal Year, the sum equal to one hundred
percent (100%) of such Extraordinary Amount;

(M)if,
from and after the Commercial Operations Date for the applicable Qualifying Project, (1) any amount remains on deposit in the DBA
Holdback Account after application of Sections 2.13(b)(i) and 2.13(b)(ii) (DBA Holdback Account)
of the applicable Accounts Agreement and no DBA Compliance Matter remains outstanding with respect to such Qualifying Project; and (2) such
amounts were funded, in part or full, with the proceeds of any Advance, in an amount equal to the aggregate total amount of such Advance
proceeds funded; and

15

(N)with
respect to a Qualifying Project, in the amount of any Net Production Tax Credit Proceeds for such Qualifying Project deposited into any
Extraordinary Proceeds Account, to the extent not applied to pay Eligible Project Costs for such Qualifying Project, in compliance with
Section 2.02(b) (Loan Commitment Amount Reductions), within twelve (12) months of receipt.

(ii)Any
Mandatory Prepayment shall be made on the Intended Prepayment Date set forth in the relevant Prepayment Election Notice delivered pursuant
to this Section 3.05, which Intended Prepayment Date shall be the date required for such Mandatory Prepayment pursuant to
this Section 3.05(c) but in no event later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the occurrence of such Mandatory
Prepayment Event (unless DOE otherwise consents in writing).

Article IV

PAYMENT
OBLIGATIONS; REIMBURSEMENT

Section 4.01Reimbursement
and Other Payment Obligations.

(a)The
Borrower shall pay to DOE the Facility Fee on or before the Execution Date.

(b)The
Borrower shall pay to DOE the Maintenance Fee, with payments to occur as described below:

(i)the
Borrower shall pay the Initial Maintenance Fee on or before the Execution Date, which fee shall be pro-rated on a daily basis for the
number of days starting with the Execution Date and ending on December 31 of the same calendar year;

(ii)the
Borrower shall pay each subsequent Maintenance Fee on or before January 1 (or if not a Business Day, the first Business Day immediately
following January 1) of each calendar year after the Execution Date until the date on which the Guaranteed Loan is paid in full;
and

(iii)without
duplication of clause (ii), the Borrower shall make the initial payment of each Qualifying Project Increase as a condition
to the First Advance for each Qualifying Project, pro-rated on a daily basis for the number of days starting with such First Advance
Date and ending on December 31 of the same calendar year.

(c)The
Borrower shall pay to DOE (or, to the extent applicable, reimburse DOE) or such other Person as DOE shall direct in writing, as follows:

(i)a
sum, in Dollars, equal to the total of all amounts payable by DOE to FFB pursuant to the DOE Guarantees (a DOE Guarantee Payment)
which relate to, or arise out of, the FFB Documents or FFB providing or having provided financing under the FFB Notes (such amounts,
Reimbursement Amounts), which Reimbursement Amounts shall be due and payable to DOE by the Borrower as of the date
on which DOE makes the DOE Guarantee Payment to which they relate;

(ii)all
documented Secured Party Expenses paid or incurred in connection with:

(A)whether
or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Financing Documents are consummated, the due diligence of the Borrower,
the Sponsor, the other Borrower Entities any Project, each Qualifying Project and the preparation, negotiation, execution and recording
of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other documents and instruments related to this Agreement or thereto (including
legal opinions);

16

(B)any
amendment or modification to, or the protection or preservation of any right or claim under, or consent or waiver in connection with,
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any such other document or instrument related to this Agreement, any other Transaction
Document or any Collateral;

(C)the
administration, preservation in full force and effect and enforcement of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other
documents and instruments referred to herein or therein (including the fees and disbursements of counsel for DOE and travel costs);

(D)the
servicing, administration and monitoring of the Qualifying Projects and the Financing Documents throughout the term of the Guaranteed
Loan, including in connection with any difficulty experienced by any Project relating to technical, commercial, financial environmental,
or legal matters or other events (including engineering failure or financial workouts); and

(E)any
foreclosure against, sale or other disposition of any Collateral securing the Secured Obligations from time to time, or pursuit of any
other remedies under any of the Financing Documents, to the extent such costs and expenses are not recovered from such foreclosure, sale
or other disposition; and

(iii)to
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, interest on any and all amounts described in this Article IV (Payment Obligations)
(other than Financing Document Amounts, interest on which shall accrue and be payable only to the extent, at the times, in the manner
and in the amounts provided for in the Financing Documents (excluding this Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment
Obligations)) from the date payable by DOE under the FFB Program Financing Agreement until payment thereof in full by the Borrower,
which amount shall accrue and be payable at the Late Charge Rate).

(d)Upon
any Event of Default, to the extent determined by DOE in its reasonable discretion, the Borrower shall pay to DOE an amount up to two
percent (2%) per annum on the outstanding principal amount of the Guaranteed Loan (such amount being in addition to any interest
payable pursuant to the FFB Notes, including at the Late Charge Rate) (the DOE Default Interest Rate), payable on
each Payment Date during the period commencing on the date of such Event of Default until the date such Event of Default is cured or
waived in writing and is no longer continuing. Upon written notice by DOE demanding payment of the DOE Default Interest Rate, and subject
to Section 4.05 (Payment of Financing Document Amounts), the Borrower shall pay the DOE Default Interest Rate upon
each immediately succeeding Payment Date following such written demand.

(e)Any
amendment, modification, consent, waiver or change to or in respect of any provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document
that constitutes a modification (as defined in Section 502(9) of FCRA) that increases the amount of the Credit
Subsidy Cost (as calculated in accordance with FCRA and OMB Circulars A-11 and A-129, and as determined by OMB in its sole discretion),
shall be subject to the availability to DOE of funds appropriated by Congress, or to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, payment
by the Borrower, to meet, any increase in the Credit Subsidy Cost prior to such amendment or waiver to the extent required pursuant to
Section 11.01 (Waiver and Amendment).

17

(f)In
accordance with Section 609.13(a) of the Applicable Regulations, the Borrower shall not: (i) request that any Guaranteed
Loan or any portion or proceeds derived thereof be used; or (ii) use any other funds obtained from the United States federal government
or from a loan or other instrument guaranteed by the United States federal government, in either case for the payment of any costs, fees
or expenses payable under this Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations), except to the extent explicitly
authorized by the U.S. Congress.

(g)The
Borrower shall pay to DOE any fees that DOE may assess or incur from time to time in connection with any amendment, consent or waiver
in connection with this Agreement or any other Financing Document.

(h)All
fees payable to DOE hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds in Dollars to DOE and shall be non-refundable
upon payment.

(i)All
amounts payable to DOE hereunder, including Reimbursement Amounts, shall be paid without counterclaim or set-off by wire transfer to
the following account, or to such other account as may be specified by DOE from time to time:

U.S. Treasury Department

ABA No. [*]

Department of Energy Account
No. [*]

OBI = LGPO Loan No. [*]

Section 4.02Subrogation. In
furtherance of and not in limitation of DOEs right of subrogation, the Borrower acknowledges that, to the extent of any
payment made by DOE of Reimbursement Amounts, DOE shall be fully subrogated to the extent of any such payment, and any additional
interest due on any late payment, to the rights of FFB under the FFB Notes, the FFB Note Purchase Agreements and any other Financing
Documents. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees to such subrogation and shall execute such instruments and to take such actions as
DOE may reasonably request to evidence such subrogation and perfect the right of DOE to receive any amounts paid or payable
thereunder. If and to the extent that DOE shall be fully and indefeasibly reimbursed in cash or immediately available funds by the
Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations) in respect of any payment made by
DOE of Reimbursement Amounts, such reimbursement shall be deemed to constitute an equal and corresponding payment in respect of
DOEs rights of subrogation hereunder in respect of such payment of Reimbursement Amounts.

Section 4.03Obligations
Absolute.

(a)The
obligations of the Borrower under this Article IV (Payment Obligations) shall be absolute and unconditional, and shall
be paid or performed strictly in accordance with this Agreement under all circumstances irrespective of:

(i)any
lack of validity or enforceability of, or any amendment or other modifications of, or waiver with respect to the FFB Notes, this Agreement
or any other Financing Document;

(ii)any
exchange or release of any other obligations hereunder;

18

(iii)the
existence of any claim, setoff, defense (other than a defense of payment or performance), reduction, abatement or other right that any
Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof may have at any time against DOE or any other Person;

(iv)any
document presented in connection with any Financing Document proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect
or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;

(v)any
payment by DOE pursuant to the terms of the FFB Program Financing Agreement against presentation of a certificate or other document that
does not strictly comply with the terms of the FFB Program Financing Agreement;

(vi)any
breach by any Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in any of the Financing Documents;

(vii)except
to the extent prohibited by mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, status as, and any other rights of, a debtor under
the UCC as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or under the Applicable Law of any other relevant jurisdiction;

(viii)any
duty on the part of DOE to disclose any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or financial or other condition of
any Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof now known or hereafter known by DOE;

(ix)any
disability or other defense (other than a defense of payment or performance) of any Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof or any other
Person;

(x)any
act or omission by DOE that directly or indirectly results in or aids the discharge of the Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof or
any other Person, by operation of law or otherwise;

(xi)any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any
other term of, all or any of its obligations or liabilities hereunder or any compromise, renewal, extension, acceleration or release
(other than a release of such obligations of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof under this Article IV (Payment
Obligations)) with respect thereto, any change in the collateral securing its obligations or liabilities hereunder or any other
Financing Document or any amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any other guarantee for all or any of its
obligations or liabilities hereunder or any other Financing Document;

(xii)any
change in the corporate structure or existence of any Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof;

(xiii)any
exchange, taking or release of Collateral;

(xiv)any
application of Collateral to the Secured Obligations; or

(xv)any
other circumstances or conditions, foreseen or unforeseen, now existing or hereafter occurring, that might otherwise constitute a defense
available to, or discharge of, any Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof or any other Person in respect of any Financing Document (other
than a defense of payment or performance).

19

(b)The
Borrower each Project Company and all others who may become liable for all or part of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement
agree to be bound by this Article IV (Payment Obligations) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:

(i)waive
and renounce any and all redemption and exemption rights and the benefit of all valuation and appraisement privileges against the indebtedness
and obligations evidenced by any Financing Documents or by any extension or renewal thereof;

(ii)waive
presentment and demand for payment, notices of non-payment and of dishonor, protest of dishonor and notice of protest, except as expressly
provided otherwise in this Agreement;

(iii)waive
all notices in connection with the delivery and acceptance hereof and all other notices in connection with the performance, default or
enforcement of any payment hereunder except as required hereby or by the other Financing Documents;

(iv)waive
all rights of abatement, diminution, postponement or deduction, and any defense (other than a defense of payment or performance), that
any party to any Financing Document or any beneficiary thereof may have at any time against DOE or any other Person, or out of any obligation
at any time owing to any Secured Party;

(v)agree
that its liabilities hereunder shall be unconditional and without regard to any setoff, counterclaim or the liability of any other Person
for the payment hereof;

(vi)agree
that any consent, waiver or forbearance hereunder with respect to an event shall operate only for such event and not for any subsequent
event;

(vii)consent
to any and all extensions of time that may be granted by any Secured Party with respect to any payment hereunder or other provisions
hereof or of any other Financing Document and to the release of any security at any time given for any payment hereunder, or any part
thereof, with or without substitution, and to the release of any Person or entity liable for any such payment;

(viii)waive
all defenses and allegations based on or arising out of any contradiction or incompatibility among its obligations or liabilities hereunder
and any of its other obligations;

(ix)waive,
unless and until its obligations or liabilities hereunder have been performed, paid, satisfied or discharged in full, any right to enforce
any remedy that any Secured Party now has or may in the future have against any Borrower Party or any Affiliate thereof or any other
Person;

(x)waive
any benefit of, or any right to participate in, any guarantee or insurance whatsoever now or in the future held by any Secured Party;

(xi)waive
the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its liability hereunder; and

(xii)consent
to the addition or release of any and all other makers, endorsers, guarantors and other obligors for any payment hereunder, and to the
acceptance or release of any and all other security for any payment hereunder, and agree that the addition or release of any such obligors
or security shall not affect the liability of the parties hereto for any payment hereunder.

20

(c)The
Borrower shall remain liable for its reimbursement and other payment obligations under this Agreement and the other Financing Documents
until such obligations have been irrevocably paid or otherwise satisfied and discharged in full in accordance with this Agreement and
the other Financing Documents, and nothing except irrevocable payment, satisfaction or discharge in full thereof in accordance with this
Agreement and the other Financing Documents shall release the Borrower from such obligations.

(d)Except
as expressly provided herein, the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower under this Agreement or the other Financing Documents shall
not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit or exercise by DOE, FFB or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy (nor
shall such obligations and liabilities be affected, released or modified by any action, failure, delay or omission by DOE, FFB or any
other Person in the enforcement or exercise of any right or remedy under Applicable Law) against any Person that may be or become liable
in respect of all or any part of the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower under this Agreement or the other Financing Documents.

Section 4.04Evidence
of Payment. In the event of any payment by DOE that is required to be reimbursed or indemnified
by the Borrower, the Borrower shall accept written evidence of billing and payment by DOE as evidence, absent manifest error, of the
existence and amount thereof.

Section 4.05Payment
of Financing Document Amounts.

(a)Anything
in this Article IV (Payment Obligations) to the contrary notwithstanding, including Section 4.04 (Evidence
of Payment):

(i)amounts
payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations) in respect of payments
made or required to be made by DOE to FFB on account of Financing Document Amounts shall be payable by the Borrower at the times, in
the manner and in the amounts that such Financing Document Amounts would otherwise have been payable by the Borrower under the Financing
Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, on an accelerated basis following the occurrence of an Event of Default);

(ii)amounts
payable by the Borrower under Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations) shall be without duplication
of any amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to: (A) this Agreement; (B) the FFB Notes; (C) the FFB Note Purchase Agreements;
(D) the subrogation rights referred to in Section 4.02 (Subrogation); or (E) the provisions of Section 11.07
(Indemnification); and

(iii)no
amount shall be payable by the Borrower under Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations) in respect
of payments made or required to be made by DOE to FFB in respect of any liability, loss, cost or expense relating to or arising out of
any sale, assignment or other transfer of the FFB Notes or portion thereof by FFB to DOE, except during the continuance of an Event of
Default.

(b)If
an event permitting the acceleration of any Advance and/or the FFB Notes shall at any time have occurred and be continuing, and such
acceleration of any Advance and/or the FFB Notes shall at such time be prevented by reason of the pendency against any Borrower Party
or any Affiliate thereof or any other Person of a case or proceeding under a bankruptcy or insolvency law, the Borrower acknowledges
and agrees that, for purposes of this Agreement and its obligations hereunder, in respect of any payment made by DOE to FFB, such Advance
and/or the FFB Notes shall be deemed to have been accelerated with the same effect as if such Advance and/or the FFB Notes had been accelerated
in accordance with the terms of the FFB Documents.

21

Section 4.06 Guarantee.

(a)Guarantee.
Each Project Company hereby guarantees to DOE at any time outstanding the prompt payment in full, in Dollars, when due (whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration, by mandatory or optional prepayment or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on the Guaranteed Loans
(including interest on any Overdue Amount) and all other amounts from time to time owing by the Borrower under this Agreement and the
other Financing Documents (including costs, expenses and fees) (such payments being herein collectively called the Guaranteed
Obligations). Each Project Company hereby further agrees that if the Borrower shall default in the payment of any of the Guaranteed
Obligations (after giving effect to all applicable grace and cure periods), such Project Company will (x) promptly pay the same,
without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed
Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration, by mandatory or optional
prepayment or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal and (y) pay to DOE or FFB, such amounts, to the
extent lawful, as shall be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses of collection or of otherwise enforcing any of DOEs or FFBs
rights under the Financing Documents, including reasonable counsel fees. All obligations of the Project Companies under this Section 4.06
shall survive any obligations of the Project Companies under this Section 4.06 with respect to which the underlying obligation
of the Borrower is expressly stated to survive payment of any Guaranteed Loan shall also survive payment of such Guaranteed Loan. All
obligations of the Project Companies under this Section 4.06 shall be joint and several.

(b)Obligations
Unconditional.

(i)The
obligations of the Project Companies under Section 4.06(a) constitute a present and continuing guaranty of payment and
not collectability and are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability
of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement, the other Financing Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred
to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations,
and, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute
a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Project Company, other than the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter
or impair the liability of the Project Companies hereunder which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above:

(A)any
amendment, supplement or modification of any provision of this Agreement, the other Financing Documents or any assignment or transfer
thereof, including the renewal or extension of the time of payment of any of the Guaranteed Loans or the granting of time in respect
of such payment thereof, or of any furnishing or acceptance of security or any additional guarantee or any release of any security or
guarantee so furnished or accepted for any of the Guaranteed Loans;

(B)any
waiver, consent, extension, granting of time, forbearance, indulgence or other action or inaction under or in respect of this Agreement
or the other Financing Documents, or any exercise or non-exercise of any right, remedy or power in respect hereof or thereof;

(C)any
bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or similar proceedings with
respect to the Borrower or any other Person or the properties or creditors of any of them;

22

(D)the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default under, or any invalidity or any unenforceability of, or any misrepresentation, irregularity
or other defect in, this Agreement, the other Financing Documents or any other agreement;

(E)any
transfer of any assets to or from the Borrower, including any transfer or purported transfer to the Borrower from any Person, any invalidity,
illegality of, or inability to enforce, any such transfer or purported transfer, any consolidation or merger of the Borrower with or
into any Person, any change in the ownership of any Equity Interests of the Borrower, or any change whatsoever in the objects, capital
structure, constitution or business of the Borrower;

(F)any
default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, on the part of the Borrower or any other Person to perform or comply with, or the impossibility
or illegality of performance by the Borrower or any other Person of, any term of this Agreement, the other Financing Documents or any
other agreement;

(G)any
suit or other action brought by, or any judgment in favor of, any beneficiaries or creditors of, the Borrower or any other Person for
any reason whatsoever, including any suit or action in any way attacking or involving any issue, matter or thing in respect of this Agreement,
the other Financing Documents or any other agreement;

(H)any
lack or limitation of status or of power, incapacity or disability of the Borrower or any trustee or agent thereof; or

(I)any
other thing, event, happening, matter, circumstance or condition whatsoever (other than the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations),
not in any way limited to the foregoing.

(ii)Each
Project Company hereby unconditionally waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever and any requirement
that DOE or FFB exhaust any right, power or remedy against the Borrower under this Agreement, the other Financing Documents or any other
agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any
of the Guaranteed Obligations.

(iii)In
the event that any Project Company shall at any time pay any amount on account of the Guaranteed Obligations or take any other action
in performance of its obligations hereunder, such Project Company shall not exercise any subrogation or other rights hereunder or under
the Guaranteed Loans (including any transactions thereunder) and each Project Company hereby waives all rights it may have to exercise
any such subrogation or other rights, and all other remedies that it may have against the Borrower, in respect of any payment made hereunder
unless and until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Project Company on account
of any such subrogation rights or other remedy, notwithstanding the waiver thereof, such amount shall be received in trust for the benefit
of DOE or FFB and shall forthwith be paid to DOE or FFB to be credited and applied upon the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or
unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof. Each Project Company agrees that its obligations under this Section 4.06
shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment (including payment in full) by or on behalf of
the Borrower is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by DOE or FFB, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization
or otherwise, all as though such amount had not been paid and that it will indemnify DOE and FFB on demand for all reasonable costs and
expenses (including fees of counsel) incurred by such Person in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs
and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar
payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law.

23

(iv)If
an event permitting the acceleration of the maturity of the principal amount of the Guaranteed Loans shall at any time have occurred
and be continuing and such acceleration or termination (and the effect thereof on the Guaranteed Obligations) shall at such time be prevented
by reason of the pendency against the Borrower or any other Person of a case or proceeding under a bankruptcy or insolvency law, each
Project Company agrees that, for purposes of the guarantee in this Section 4.06 and such Project Companys obligations
under this Agreement, the maturity of the principal amount of the Guaranteed Loans shall be deemed to have been accelerated with the
same effect as if DOE had accelerated the same in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and such Project Company shall forthwith
pay such principal amount, any interest thereon, and any other amounts guaranteed hereunder without further notice or demand.

(v)The
guarantee in this Section 4.06 is a continuing guarantee and shall apply to the Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.
Each default in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall give rise to a separate claim and cause of action
hereunder, and separate claims or suits may be made and brought, as the case may be, hereunder as each such default occurs.

(c)Instrument
for the Payment of Money. Each Project Company hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Section 4.06 constitutes
an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that DOE, FFB or the Collateral Agent, in its sole option, in the event
of a dispute by such Project Company in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to proceed by motion for summary
judgment in lieu of complaint pursuant to N.Y. Civ. Prac. L&R 3213.

(d)General
Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any state or provincial corporate law, or any foreign,
state, provincial or federal bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the
obligations of any Project Company under Section 4.06 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, invalid or unenforceable,
or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 4.06, then,
notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Project
Company, DOE, FFB, or any other Person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable and
not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.

(e)Release
of Project Companies. Upon the prepayment in full of all outstanding Advances for any Qualifying Project and all other Secured Obligations
related to such Qualifying Project in accordance with only Section 10.03(c) (Individual Qualifying Project Standstill
Period) (and not any other repayment or prepayment), the applicable Project Company shall be released from all of its obligations
under this Agreement and the other Financing Documents and thereafter, such Person shall no longer constitute a Project Company
and its Qualifying Project will no longer constitute a Qualifying Project for all purposes of this Agreement and the other
Financing Documents.

24

Article V

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT

Section 5.01Conditions
Precedent to the Execution Date. The obligation of DOE to execute this Agreement and deliver
to FFB the FFB Secretarys Instruments in accordance with Section 3.3 (Secretarys Instruments) of the FFB Note
Purchase Agreement for the Initial Qualifying Project required for FFB to purchase the related FFB Note on the Execution Date, and the
obligation of FFB to thereupon deliver an acceptance notice pursuant to Section 5.1 (Acceptance or Rejection of Principal Instruments)
of such FFB Note Purchase Agreement shall be subject to the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing) of each of the following conditions
precedent as of the Execution Date (the Execution Date Conditions Precedent) as determined by: (x) in all cases,
DOE, which shall be entitled to (but not required) to consult the Independent Engineer and the other Secured Party Advisors; and (y) with
respect to any documents or instruments addressed to FFB or to which FFB is a party, FFB:

(a)Due
Diligence Review. Completion by DOE of its due diligence review of the Borrower Entities, any Affiliate thereof, the then-anticipated
Project Portfolio, and the Borrower Entities approach to development of Qualifying Projects, and all other matters related thereto.

(b)KYC
Requirements. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)evidence
that the Borrower Entities have established proper operating and credit policies and procedures (including, know your customer
and anti-money laundering policies) to ensure, inter alia, proper credit, risk and conflicts of interest management;

(ii)all
documentation (including taxpayer identification documents) and other information in respect of: (A) any Borrower Entity; (B) any
Person holding, directly or indirectly, ten percent (10%) or more of the Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than a Qualified
Public Company Shareholder or any Person holding Equity Interests through a Qualified Investment Fund); or (C) any other Major Project
Participant (the KYC Parties) to the extent required by any Secured Party to enable it to be satisfied with the
results of all know your customer and other requirements (including, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws); and

(iii)confirmation
by each Secured Party of the completion of its respective know your customer diligence in respect of each KYC Party.

(c)Consultant
Reports. Receipt by DOE of a report addressed to DOE from each of:

(i)the
Independent Engineer;

(ii)the
Market Consultant;

(iii)the
Insurance Consultant;

(iv)the
Financial Advisor; and

(v)any
other Secured Party Advisor required by DOE.

(d)Transaction
Documents. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)fully
executed originals (in sufficient counterparts for each of DOE, FFB and the Collateral Agent), or copies thereof if permitted by DOE,
of the Financing Documents listed on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details);

25

(ii)fully
executed copies of each Project Document for the Limestone Project identified as a Major Project Document on Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details) and each other Project Document that is in effect at such time, together with a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that:

(A)the
copies submitted are true, correct and complete (including all schedules, exhibits, attachments, supplements and amendments thereto and
any related protocols or side letters);

(B)no
term or condition thereof has been amended from that delivered pursuant to this clause (ii);

(C)each
such Project Document is in full force and effect; and

(D)all
conditions precedent to the effectiveness of each such Project Document (if any) have been satisfied.

(e)Release
of Liens. Receipt by DOE of evidence that all liens encumbering any assets of or Equity Interests in any Borrower Party, other than
Permitted Liens, shall have been released, and, as necessary or appropriate, such releases have been recorded with the relevant governmental
authorities.

(f)Borrower
FFB Documents. Receipt by DOE of each of the documents, including the Borrower Instruments, that are required to be delivered by
the Borrower to FFB pursuant to Section 3.2 (Borrower Instruments) of the FFB Note Purchase Agreement in connection with
the Initial Qualifying Project, each of which shall be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

(g)Organizational
Documents. Receipt by DOE of the Organizational Documents of each Borrower Entity, accompanied in each case by an Officers
Certificate of such Borrower Entity, certified by a Responsible Officer thereof, attaching:

(i)true
and correct copies of good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, resolutions and any other documents as DOE shall reasonably
request, with respect to, inter alia, approval of:

(A)each
such Borrower Entitys participation in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(B)the
financing therefor (including the Guaranteed Loan and this Agreement) and the granting of Liens to secure the Secured Obligations; and

(C)the
execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower Entity of the Transaction Documents to which it is party;

(ii)a
current corporate chart, including the Borrower Entities, the Borrowers one hundred percent (100%) ownership of each of Limestone
and the Limestone Project and the Sponsors direct equity investors;

(iii)a
capitalization table of the Borrower setting out each direct and indirect beneficial owner of the Borrower of more than ten percent (10%);
and

(iv)an
organizational chart demonstrating the management and governance structure of the Borrower Entities and identifying key persons of each
Borrower Entity.

26

(h)Execution
Date Certificates. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)a
closing certificate from a Responsible Officer of each Borrower Entity, dated as of the Execution Date, substantially in the form of
Exhibit D (Form of Closing Certificate) (the Closing Certificate);

(ii)a
certificate from a Responsible Officer of each Borrower Entity, dated as of the Execution Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit E
(Form of Tax Certificate) (the Tax Certificate); and

(iii)a
Federal Support Restriction Certification from a Responsible Officer of each Borrower Entity, dated as of the Execution Date.

(i)Permitted
Indebtedness. Receipt by DOE of evidence that all existing Indebtedness of the Borrower, other than Permitted Indebtedness, has been
repaid.

(j)Base
Case Financial Model. Receipt by DOE of a certified updated Base Case Financial Model (the Execution Date Base Case Financial
Model) for the then-anticipated Project Portfolio (including the Limestone Project) demonstrating compliance with the Debt
Sizing Parameters and financial ratios equal to or better than the Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios set forth in the Original
Base Case Financial Model, accompanied by:

(i)a
certificate from the chief financial officer or similar officer of the Borrower that includes a written explanation from the Borrower
of all variances of such Execution Date Base Case Financial Model from the Original Base Case Financial Model; and

(ii)to
the extent requested by DOE, a report from the Financial Advisor and Independent Engineer, including such qualifications or limitations
acceptable to DOE, as applicable, confirming:

(A)the
mathematical accuracy of the computations therein;

(B)the
consistency in all material respects of the Execution Date Base Case Financial Model with the Portfolio Construction Budget and the portfolio
milestone schedule delivered to DOE;

(C)in
the case of the Independent Engineer only, the reasonableness of the underlying assumptions and their consistency in all material respects
with the applicable provisions of the Transaction Documents and Prudent Industry Practice; and

(D)that
such updated Base Case Financial Model demonstrates compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters and required financial ratios as set forth
above.

(k)Portfolio
Milestone Schedule. Receipt by DOE of an agreed schedule of construction and other milestones, including payment milestones,
for the construction of the then-anticipated Project Portfolio (including the Limestone Project).

(l)Portfolio
Construction Budget. Receipt by DOE of the Portfolio Construction Budget.

27

(m)Insurance.
Receipt by DOE of an agreed Schedule 7.03 (Limestone Insurance).

(n)Project
Accounts. Receipt by DOE of evidence that the Project Accounts required to be established as of the Execution Date, pursuant to the
Accounts Agreement and Limestones Accounts Accession Agreement, have been established.

(o)Intellectual
Property; Source Code. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)Sponsor
exclusively owns, or (only in the case of Intellectual Property that is not essential to Sponsors Hydrogen Production Activities)
has been granted a direct, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid up license in form and substance satisfactory
to the Guarantor to use, practice, commercialize and exploit, all intangible assets and Sponsor IP;

(ii)Sponsor
has granted (or, if applicable, has caused each licensor of Sponsor IP to grant) to the Secured Parties effective (A) during the
continuance of an Event of Default; (B) upon an enforcement and transfer of ownership in the Borrower or any Project Company; or
(C) upon any bankruptcy or insolvency action by the Borrower, any Project Company or the Sponsor, an irrevocable, non-exclusive,
transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up and royaltyfree right and license, for no additional consideration, to use and sublicense
such Sponsor IP included in the Collateral and such other rights as are necessary to practice, reproduce, distribute, modify, improve,
disclose, compile, execute, make, display, perform and create derivative works of any and all software source code or to access and utilize
the IP at each Qualifying Project (whether such Qualifying Projects are now or in the future proposed and approved); and

(iii)with
respect to any Project Source Code existing at such time the Borrower has complied and, to the extent applicable, has caused each Borrower
Entity to comply, with Section 7.02(g) (Source Code Escrow).

(p)Litigation.
Receipt by DOE of an Officers Certificate of the Borrower and each Borrower Entity, as applicable: (i) certifying that there
is no pending or, to the Borrowers or such Borrower Partys Knowledge, as applicable, threatened (in writing) Adverse Proceeding,
that relates to: (A) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the ability of any Secured
Party to exercise any of its rights under any of the Financing Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the
Security Documents; (B) any transaction contemplated by any such Transaction Document; or (C) the Project Portfolio, any Qualifying
Project, any Borrower Party or the Direct Parent; and (ii) if requested by DOE, summarizing the then-current status of Disclosed
Adverse Proceedings and providing a risk assessment to the Borrower Parties and the Qualifying Projects as a result of such Disclosed
Adverse Proceedings.

(q)Legal
Opinions. Receipt by DOE and the other Secured Parties of executed versions of the following legal opinions (including originals
thereof, as required) in respect of each Borrower Entity, dated as of the Execution Date and addressed to the Secured Parties:

(i)the
legal opinion of DLA Piper LLP (US) as New York counsel to the Borrower Entities; and

(ii)the
legal opinion of Nossaman LLP, as special counsel to the Borrower Entities.

28

(r)Financial
Statements. Receipt by DOE of the Historical Financial Statements, in each case, from the Sponsor, Borrower and Direct Parent, and
certified by a Responsible Officer thereof that such Historical Financial Statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial
condition of such Person as at the dates indicated and the results of its operations and their cash flows for the relevant periods, in
each case, in accordance with the Designated Standard applied on a basis consistent with prior years, subject, in the case of unaudited
Financial Statements, to changes resulting from the absence of notes and normal audit and year-end adjustments, as applicable.

(s)Required
Approvals. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)the
Required Approvals Schedule, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower with respect thereto; and

(ii)fully
executed copies of each Required Approval listed on Part A of the Required Approvals Schedule, together with a certificate of a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that:

(A)the
copies submitted are true, correct and complete (including all schedules, exhibits, attachments, supplements and amendments thereto and
any related protocols or side letters, waivers or consents thereunder);

(B)no
term or condition thereof has been amended from that delivered pursuant to this clause (s);

(C)each
such Required Approval has been validly issued, is in full force and effect, final and Non-Appealable; and

(D)all
conditions precedent to the effectiveness of each such Required Approval has been satisfied.

(t)Fees
and Expenses. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)payment
of the Facility Fee and Maintenance Fee due and owing as of the Execution Date;

(ii)payment
in full or reimbursement of all fees required to be paid on or prior to the Execution Date and all Secured Party Expenses and other fees
or expenses (if any) then due and payable in accordance with Section 4.01 (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations);
and

(iii)(A) reimbursement
of all fees and Secured Party Expenses of any Secured Party Advisors incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder
and under the other Transaction Documents and invoiced on or prior to the Execution Date; or (B) confirmation that such fees and
Secured Party Expenses have been paid directly, in each case from funds other than the proceeds of the Guaranteed Loan.

(u)Authorization
to Independent Auditor. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)the
Borrower has appointed the Independent Auditor; and

(ii)the
Borrower has irrevocably instructed the Independent Auditor to communicate directly with DOE regarding the accounts, operations and all
other matters set forth in Section 7.11 (Books, Records and Inspections) with respect to the Borrower.

29

(v)Appointment
of Process Agent. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)each
Borrower Entity party to any Financing Document shall have irrevocably appointed an agent for service of process as required pursuant
to the relevant Financing Documents to which it is a party;

(ii)such
agent has been duly appointed and holds such appointment without reservation until six (6) months after the Maturity Date (or
such earlier date as may be agreed by DOE); and

(iii)all
fees of such agent have been paid in full through the term of the engagement.

(w)Representations
and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made (or deemed made) by any Borrower Entity or Major Project Participant
in any Financing Document are true and correct as of such date, except to the extent such representation or warranty is made only as
of a specific date or time (in which event such representation or warranty is true and correct as of such date or time).

(x)Material
Adverse Effect. No event (including a change in law) shall have occurred that has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(y)Certain
Events. No Default, Event of Default, Event of Force Majeure or Event of Loss has occurred and is continuing or would arise by achievement
of the Execution Date.

(z)SAM
Registration. Receipt by DOE of evidence of the registration by the Borrower in SAM.

(aa)Credit
Rating Requirement. At least thirty (30) days prior to the Execution Date and no later than ninety (90) days
prior to such date (or as otherwise accepted by DOE), DOE shall have received a final credit rating for the Borrowers Guaranteed
Loan, issued by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

(bb)Lobbying
Certification. Receipt by DOE of each Borrower Entitys completed Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying (Standard
Form LLL).

(cc)SEC
Order Compliance. Receipt by the Guarantor of satisfactory evidence that (i) the Sponsor has made satisfactory progress in implementing
its internal plan and procedures (based on the internal plan and procedures delivered to DOE as of May 14, 2024), together
with an update on such plan and procedures addressing progress remaining to be completed, to fully remediate its material weaknesses
related to its internal control over financial reporting and ineffective disclosure controls and procedures so that Sponsor can fully
comply with Paragraph 30c of the SEC Order within the specified time period and (ii) Sponsor certification there are no pending
requests from the SEC under Paragraph 30c for evidence that remain to be addressed.

(dd)Program
Requirements. Receipt by DOE of evidence that all Program Requirements required to have been satisfied as of the Execution Date have
been satisfied.

(i)OMB
Certification. Receipt by DOE of a certification from the Director of OMB that the DOE Guarantee and the expected Qualifying Projects
comply with the provisions of Section 50141(d) of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, Public Law No. 117-169.

30

(ii)Action
Memoranda. Receipt by DOE of one or more action memoranda executed by the Secretary of Energy approving and authorizing:

(A)the
execution by DOE of the Financing Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby;

(B)any
provisions in the Transaction Documents that constitute material changes to the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet; and

(C)the
apportionment of the Credit Subsidy Cost.

(iii)Credit
Subsidy Cost. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(A)OMB
has reviewed and approved DOEs calculation of the Credit Subsidy Cost;

(B)OMB
has approved the Apportionment and Reapportionment Schedule (Standard Form 132) with respect to the Credit Subsidy Cost; and

(C)the
apportionment of the Credit Subsidy Cost has occurred.

(iv)Inter-Agency
Consultations and Approvals. DOE shall have engaged in all required consultations, obtained all required approvals, and satisfied
all applicable legal requirements in connection with execution and performance by DOE of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(v)Employment
Projections. Receipt by DOE of projections for temporary and permanent jobs created or maintained in the U.S. as a result of the
anticipated Qualifying Projects for each Fiscal Year occurring during the term of the Guaranteed Loan.

(vi)Community
Benefits Plan. Receipt by DOE from the Borrower of the Community Benefits Plan for the Limestone Project as set forth on Exhibit JJ
(Limestone Community Benefits Plan).

(ee)Technical
Conditions Precedent. Receipt by DOE of evidence that the technical conditions precedent as set out in Schedule 5.01(ee)
(Technical Conditions Precedent) applicable to the Execution Date have been satisfied.

(ff)Security
Interests. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)the
(A) Borrower Security Agreement; (B) Limestone Security Agreement; (C) Direct Parent Equity Pledge Agreement; (D) Limestone
Equity Pledge Agreement; (E) Accounts Agreement; (F) Limestones Accounts Accession Agreement; and (G) each other
Security Document required for the Execution Date shall be in full force and effect and shall have been duly filed and registered or
recorded in any jurisdiction and with any Governmental Authority in which such filing and registration or recording is necessary or advisable
to make valid and effective the Liens intended to be created thereby and the rights of the Secured Parties thereunder;

(ii)such
Liens constitute valid, enforceable, First Priority Liens over the Collateral, in each case in favor of the Secured Parties, subject
only to Permitted Liens;

31

(iii)all
Liens encumbering the Collateral have been finally and unconditionally waived and released subject only to Permitted Liens, and such
waivers and releases have been recorded with the relevant Governmental Authorities, as necessary or advisable, with Lien waivers in form
and substance prescribed by Applicable Law; and

(iv)all
fees and duties in connection with such filing, registration or recording have been paid in full.

(gg)Regulatory
Requirements. DOE shall have determined that the Borrower Entities are in compliance with 10 CFR 609.8(b)(15).

(hh)Applicable
Law. Receipt by DOE of evidence of compliance with Applicable Law, including the Cargo Preference Act and Davis-Bacon Act Requirements,
specifically:

(i)a
certificate from the Borrower certifying that for the Limestone Project (A) the clauses set forth in Exhibit I (Davis-Bacon
Act Contract Provisions) and the appropriate wage determination(s) of the Secretary of Labor have been included in each Davis-Bacon
Act Covered Contract existing as of such date;

(ii)the
Borrower, Limestone, and each DBA Contract Party under each Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract existing on or prior to such date have taken
all necessary steps to comply with and are in compliance (including retroactive compliance) with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements; and

(iii)with
respect to the Limestone Project, (x) each Transaction Document set forth in Section 5.01(ii)(i) or that Limestone
is otherwise a party to, (y) Governmental Approval, or (z) any other agreement or consent to which Limestone is a party, or
any judgment or approval to which Limestone is subject, and the Borrower shall have certified to DOE as to such compliance.

(ii)Limestone
Specific Conditions.

(i)Receipt
by DOE of Limestones:

(A)Make-Whole
Agreement;

(B)Accounts
Accession Agreement;

(C)Limestone
Security Agreement;

(D)Limestone
Equity Pledge Agreement;

(E)Real
Property Documents;

(F)Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details); and

(G)any
other Transaction Documents required by DOE;

(ii)Compliance
with NEPA; Environmental Reports. DOE shall have, with respect to Limestone and the Limestone Project:

(A)completed
its review and related consultations under NEPA;

32

(B)received
evidence of Governmental Approvals issued under Environmental Law, which shall be final and Non-Appealable; and

(C)received
a current Phase I (and, if applicable, Phase II) Environmental Site Assessment relating to the real property within the Limestone Projects
Project Site, accompanied by a reliance letter issued to DOE that is acceptable in scope and content to DOE; and

(iii)Intellectual
Property. Receipt by DOE of:

(A)a
fully executed original (to the extent required) or copy of each further or amended Project IP Agreement for the Limestone Project and
confirmation that the licenses included in all Project IP Agreements remain in full force and effect; and

(B)evidence
that with respect to the Limestone Project:

(1)the
Borrower or Limestone exclusively owns all Project IP, or has rights to use all Project IP pursuant to a Project IP Agreement, and confirmation
that the licenses included in such Project IP Agreement remain in full force and effect;

(2)the
Borrower has granted and, to the extent applicable, each Borrower Entity has caused each licensor of rights to Project IP under a Project
IP Agreement existing at such time to grant, to the Secured Parties a Secured Parties License and confirmation that such license
remains in full force and effect, or otherwise obtained permission for such licensors to grant such license; and

(3)with
respect to Project Source Code existing at such time, the Borrower has complied and, to the extent applicable, has caused each Borrower
Entity to, comply with Section 7.02(g) (Source Code Escrow).

(jj)Additional
Items. Receipt by DOE of such other documents, certifications, or consents relating to the Project Portfolio, any Borrower Entity,
any Major Project Participant, or the matters contemplated by the Transaction Documents as it may reasonably request.

Section 5.02Conditions
Precedent to FFB Purchase of Each FFB Note. The obligation of FFB to deliver an acceptance
notice pursuant to Section 5.1 (Acceptance or Rejection of Principal Instruments) of each FFB Note Purchase Agreement to
purchase the FFB Notes in connection therewith is subject to the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing) as determined by FFB of each
of the following conditions precedent as of the Execution Date, the execution date of each FFB Note Purchase Agreement and as of each
First Advance Date:

(a)Conditions
Precedent in the FFB Documents. Each condition precedent under the FFB Documents to the purchase of the FFB Notes by FFB shall have
been satisfied in the sole determination of FFB.

(b)Receipt
of Instruments. FFB shall have received from DOE each of the FFB Secretarys Instruments and FFB Borrowers Instruments.

(c)Representations
and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made by the Borrower in or pursuant to the Financing Documents shall be
(i) in the case of the Execution Date and each FFB Note Purchase Agreement execution date, true and correct and (ii) in the
case of the First Advance Date, true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty
itself is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or a similar qualifier, in which cash it is true
and correct in all respects) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date (or, to the extent such representations and warranties
expressly relate to an earlier date, on and as of such earlier date).

33

Section 5.03Conditions
Precedent to Each First Advance Date. The obligation of DOE to deliver an Advance Request
Approval Notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) (Advance Request Approval Notice) directing FFB to make the First
Advance for a Qualifying Project in accordance with the relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement and the relevant FFB Note shall be subject
to the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing) of each of the following conditions precedent as of the date of the Advance Request
with respect to such Qualifying Project and to their continued satisfaction on the Requested Advance Date for such Advance, in each case,
as determined by: (x) in all cases, DOE, which shall be entitled to (but not required) to consult the Independent Engineer and the
other Secured Party Advisors; and (y) with respect to any documents or instruments addressed to FFB or to which FFB is party, FFB.
Each reference in this Section 5.03 to a Qualifying Project is a reference only to the Qualifying Project subject of such
Advance Request, and each reference to a Project Company is a reference only to the Project Company owing such Qualifying Project.

(a)Execution
Date Conditions Precedent. The Execution Date shall have occurred, and each of the Execution Date Conditions Precedent shall continue
to be satisfied as of the relevant First Advance Date.

(b)Qualifying
Project Conditions Precedent. All conditions in Section 5.05 (Conditions Precedent to Qualifying Project) for
the Qualifying Project have been and continue to be satisfied, and the initial Qualifying Project for which a First Advance is made is
the Limestone Project, and the Limestone Project has satisfied the conditions in Section 5.05 (Conditions Precedent to
Qualifying Project).

(c)Technical
Conditions Precedent. Receipt by DOE of evidence that applicable technical conditions precedent as set out in Schedule 5.01(ee)
(Technical Conditions Precedent) for such First Advance have been satisfied.

(d)First
Advance Longstop Date. The First Advance Date shall occur no later than the First Advance Longstop Date. The Initial First Advance
shall occur no later than the Initial First Advance Longstop Date.

(e)Equity
Funding Commitment; Adequate Project Funding. Receipt by DOE of evidence that for the Qualifying Project:

(i)Sponsor
has entered into the Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement;

(ii)after
giving effect to any Eligible Project Cost Reimbursement Amounts to be funded from the corresponding Advance on such First Advance Date:

(A)the
Sponsor shall have fully contributed an amount equal to the Base Equity Commitment for the Qualifying Project and such amount shall have
been:

(1)applied
towards Project Costs;

34

(2)funded
to ensure compliance with the Maximum Debt to Equity Ratio; and

(3)an
amount equal to forty percent (40%) of the Project Completion Guarantee cap funded in cash into the Cost Overrun Reserve Account
or secured by an Acceptable Credit Support (for such amount in lieu of cash); and

(iii)each
of the Borrower and the Independent Engineer has provided a certification and supporting information that:

(A)the
remaining Maximum QP Loan Amount plus unutilized amount of the Base Equity Commitment plus amounts on deposit in the Construction
Account and the Advance Proceeds Account for such Qualifying Project, taken together, are sufficient to pay all remaining Project Costs
for such Qualifying Project to achieve Project Completion by its Project Completion Longstop Date; and

(B)the
Qualifying Project is expected to achieve: (1) Physical Completion by the corresponding Physical Completion Longstop Date; and (2) Project
Completion by the corresponding Project Completion Longstop Date.

(f)First
Advance Date Certificates. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)a
Closing Certificate of the Borrower and the Project Company, dated as of the relevant First Advance Date;

(ii)a
Tax Certificate of the Project Company, dated as of the relevant First Advance Date; and

(iii)a
Federal Support Restriction Certification from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and the Project Company, dated as of the relevant
First Advance Date.

(g)Consultant
Reports. Receipt by DOE of a certificate from the following Secured Party Advisors (or in the case of the Financial Advisor, the
Financial Advisor report delivered pursuant to Section 5.03(h)(ii) (Base Case Financial Model)), dated as of
the date of the Advance Request, substantially in the form of Exhibit G (Form of Secured Party Advisor Report Bring-Down
Certificate) and addressing such other matters as DOE may request and, to the extent required, an updated copy of the report delivered
as of the QP Approval Date:

(i)the
Independent Engineer;

(ii)the
Market Consultant;

(iii)the
Financial Advisor;

(iv)the
Insurance Consultant; and

(v)any
other Secured Party Advisor required by DOE.

35

(h)Base
Case Financial Model. Receipt by DOE of a certified QP Base Case Financial Model for such Qualifying Project demonstrating compliance
with the Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios equal to or better than Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios set forth in
the then current Base Case Financial Model, accompanied by:

(i)a
certificate from the chief financial officer or similar officer of the Borrower that includes a written explanation from the Borrower
of all variances from the then-current Base Case Financial Model and QP Base Case Financial Model for such Qualifying Project, as required
by DOE; and

(ii)to
the extent requested by DOE, a report from the Financial Advisor, including such qualifications or limitations acceptable to DOE, confirming:

(A)the
mathematical accuracy of the computations therein;

(B)the
consistency in all material respects of the QP Base Case Financial Model with the Project Budgets and Plans;

(C)that
the underlying assumptions are consistent in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Transaction Documents; and

(D)that
such QP Base Case Financial Model demonstrates compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters and required financial ratios as set forth
above.

(i)Major
Project Documents. Receipt by DOE of all Major Project Documents for such Qualifying Project and evidence demonstrating binding Sales
Agreements (which may include orders made pursuant to commercial proposals) for the Qualifying Project.

(j)Real
Estate. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)evidence
of continued title to or leasehold interest in any Real Property or fixture interests (including easements) constituting part of the
Collateral;

(ii)an
Estoppel Certificate executed by each landlord of any leasehold interest substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit KK
(Form of Estoppel Certificate) and dated, unless otherwise agreed by DOE, within 30 days of the First Advance Date;

(iii)an
ALTA/NSPS land title survey with respect to the Qualifying Project, depicting the land and improvements (including then-existing improvements
and site plan overlay) constituting the Qualifying Project and the Project Site that is in form and substance acceptable to the Secured
Parties and the Title Company: (A) dated no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the date of the Mortgage; (B) prepared
by a land surveyor duly licensed and registered in the State of where to Qualifying Project is located; and (C) certified to the
Secured Parties by a form of certification acceptable to the Secured Parties;

36

(iv)a
pro forma policy of title insurance, dated as of the First Advance Date (with gap coverage through the recording date of the Mortgage
(if occurring after such Advance Date)) together with the endorsements identified in this clause and clause (vi) below,
in an amount equal to, the QP Title Coverage Amount, issued by the Title Company, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Secured Parties (such title proforma, the Title Pro Forma), and an irrevocable commitment from the Title Company (such
commitment to be in a closing instruction letter in form and substance acceptable to the Secured Parties) to issue an ALTA Mortgage Loan
Policy of Title Insurance (Form No. 2021 v. 01.00 dated 7-1-21) together with the endorsements and affirmative coverages described
in clause (vi) below, along with an ALTA 32.2 or equivalent endorsement for the Qualifying Project as modified by an
ALTA 33 endorsement or equivalent endorsement for such Qualifying Project, ensuring that the Mortgage creates a legal, valid and enforceable
First Priority Lien on the Project Site, easements and other interests in Real Property created under the Real Property Documents and
other interests in real property (including improvements) described in the Mortgage subject only to Permitted Liens;

(v)all
curative documents reasonably requested by DOE or Title Company for the Title Pro Forma, such as, but not limited to subordination and
nondisturbance agreements, permits, crossing agreements for easements that are crossed or planned to be crossed by facilities of the
Qualifying Project;

(vi)all
endorsements and affirmative coverages reasonably required by DOE;

(vii)evidence
that the Project Company: (i) has in place all power, water, wastewater, transportation, communications and other utilities and
infrastructure necessary for construction and operation of the Qualifying Project in accordance with the relevant Utility Contracts and
Required Approvals and all such Required Approvals are final and Non-Appealable; and (ii) has secured for each utility the capacity
necessary to sustain operations for the Qualifying Project; and

(viii)true
and correct copies of any related material documents requested by DOE.

(k)Accounts.
Receipt by DOE of evidence that (i) each Project Account, required under the Accounts Agreement for the Qualifying Project, shall
have been established in accordance with the provisions of such Accounts Agreement; and (ii) prior to each First Advance Date, each
Project Account for the Qualifying Project shall have been funded to the extent of any amounts required to have been deposited prior
to such First Advance Date in accordance with the Financing Documents.

(l)Permitted
Indebtedness. Receipt by DOE of evidence that all existing Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness has been repaid.

(m)Security
Interests. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)all
Security Documents shall be in full force and effect and shall have been duly filed and registered or recorded in any jurisdiction and
with any Governmental Authority in which such filing and registration or recording is necessary or advisable to make valid and effective
the Liens intended to be created thereby and the rights of the Secured Parties thereunder;

(ii)such
Liens constitute valid, enforceable, First Priority Liens over the Collateral, in each case in favor of the Secured Parties, subject
only to Permitted Liens;

(iii)all
Liens encumbering the Collateral have been finally and unconditionally waived and released, subject only to Permitted Liens, and such
waivers and releases have been recorded with the relevant Governmental Authorities, as necessary or advisable, with Lien waivers in form
and substance prescribed by Applicable Law;

(iv)to
the extent that the Project Company is not already a party to this Agreement, such Project Company has executed and delivered to DOE
an Accession Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit H (Form of Accession Agreement), pursuant to which
it will become a Guarantor and bound as a Guarantor by the applicable terms and provisions hereof; and

37

(v)all
fees and duties in connection with such filing, registration or recording have been paid in full.

(n)KYC
Requirements. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)evidence
that the Project Company has established proper operating and credit policies and procedures (including, know your customer
and anti-money laundering policies) to ensure, inter alia, proper credit, risk and conflicts of interest management;

(ii)all
documentation (including taxpayer identification documents) and other information in respect of the KYC Parties for the Qualifying Project;
and

(iii)confirmation
by each Secured Party of the completion of its respective know your customer diligence in respect of each KYC Party for
the Qualifying Project.

(o)Legal
Opinions. Receipt by DOE and the other Secured Parties of executed versions of the following legal opinions (including originals
thereof, as required) in respect of each Borrower Entity and each Major Project Participant, dated as of the First Advance Date and addressed
to the Secured Parties:

(i)the
legal opinion of DLA Piper LLP (US) as New York counsel to the Borrower Entities;

(ii)the
legal opinion of counsel acceptable to DOE addressing federal permitting matters related to the Qualifying Project;

(iii)a
legal opinion of counsel acceptable to DOE in the State where the Qualifying Project is located addressing permitting matters, the Mortgage
and other matters of local law as required by DOE or FFB;

(iv)such
other legal opinions of counsel to the Borrower Parties reasonably requested by DOE in connection the Qualifying Project; and

(v)the
legal opinions of counsel to each Major Project Participant for the Qualifying Project regarding the due authorization, execution and
delivery and valid, binding and enforceable nature of the Transaction Documents to which each such Person in a party.

(p)Appointment
of Process Agent. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)the
Project Company and, if requested by DOE, each Major Project Participant that has executed a Direct Agreement for the Qualifying Project
shall have irrevocably appointed an agent for service of process as required pursuant to the relevant Financing Documents to which it
is a party;

(ii)such
agent has been duly appointed and holds such appointment without reservation until six (6) months after the Maturity Date (or
such earlier date as may be agreed by DOE); and

38

(iii)all
fees of such agent have been paid in full through the term of the engagement.

(q)Due
Diligence. Completion by the Guarantor of a satisfactory due diligence review of the Borrower Entities, applicable Qualifying Project
and Project Company and all other matters related thereto, including all required Project Documents and the Qualifying Projects
decommissioning plan.

(r)Notice
to Proceed. Receipt by the Guarantor of evidence that the Project Company has issued a notice to commence construction under all
Construction Contracts for the Qualifying Project, subject only to FFBs disbursement of the First Advance.

(s)Insurance.
Receipt by DOE of:

(i)true,
correct and complete copies of each policy of Required Insurance then required to be in effect from the Borrower Parties and each Major
Project Participant for a Qualifying Project in accordance with (A) Section 7.03 (Insurance); (B) in the
case of the Initial Qualifying Project, Schedule 7.03 (Limestone Insurance); and (C) in the case of each subsequent
Qualifying Project, as identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project, each (I) in
full force and effect and endorsed with the form of Secured Parties endorsement and applicable loss payee and additional insured
clauses specified in (x) in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, Schedule 7.03 (Limestone Insurance) or
(y) in the case of each subsequent Qualifying Project, as identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company
owning such Qualifying Project; (II) compliant with such other requirements regarding Acceptable Insurers, coverage, deductibles,
exceptions and premiums as required by DOE; and (III) designating the Collateral Agent as loss payee and DOE and the Collateral
Agent as additional insured; and

(ii)a
Brokers Letter of Undertaking acceptable to DOE in respect of the Required Insurance for such Qualifying Project.

(t)Organizational
Documents. Receipt by DOE of the Organizational Documents of the Project Company and each other Borrower Entity party to a Transaction
Document related to the Qualifying Project, accompanied in each case by an Officers Certificate of such Borrower Entity, certified
by a Responsible Officer thereof, attaching:

(i)true
and correct copies of good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, resolutions and any other documents as DOE shall reasonably
request, with respect to, inter alia, approval of:

(A)each
such Borrower Entitys participation in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(B)the
financing therefor (including the Guaranteed Loan and this Agreement) and the granting of Liens to secure the Secured Obligations; and

(C)the
execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower Entity of the Transaction Documents to which it is party;

(ii)a
current corporate chart, including the Project Company, the other Borrower Entities and the Sponsors direct equity investors;

39

(iii)a
capitalization table of the Borrower setting out each direct and indirect beneficial owner of the Borrower of more than ten percent (10%);
and

(iv)an
organizational chart demonstrating the management and governance structure of the Project Company and identifying key persons of the
Project Company.

(u)Authorization
to Independent Auditor. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)the
Project Company has appointed the Independent Auditor;

(ii)the
Independent Auditor has certified (A) the adequacy of the Project Companys accounting and information systems, and (B) to
the extent not addressed to DOEs satisfaction as of the Execution Date, certification of the adequacy of the Borrowers
accounting and information systems; and

(iii)the
Project Company has irrevocably instructed the Independent Auditor to communicate directly with DOE regarding the accounts, operations
and all other matters set forth in Section 7.11 (Books, Records and Inspections) with respect to the Project Company.

(v)SEC
Order Compliance. Receipt by the Guarantor of (i) satisfactory evidence that the Sponsor is in compliance with Paragraph 30c
of the SEC Order and (ii) Sponsor certification there are no pending requests from the SEC under Paragraph 30c for evidence
that remain to be addressed.

(w)Program
Requirements. To the extent required by DOE, evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 5.01(dd)(ii) (Program
Requirements) and 5.01(dd)(iii) (Program Requirements) in connection with the relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement
and the relevant FFB Note for the Qualifying Project subject to such First Advance Date.

(x)Borrower
FFB Documents. Receipt by DOE of each of the documents, including the Borrower Instruments, that are required to be delivered by
the Borrower to FFB pursuant to Section 3.2 (Borrower Instruments) of the FFB Note Purchase Agreement in connection with
the Qualifying Project, each of which shall be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

(y)Additional
Items. Receipt by DOE of such other documents, certifications, or consents relating to the Qualifying Project, any Borrower Entity,
any Major Project Participant, or the matters contemplated by the Transaction Documents as it may reasonably request in writing not less
than three (3) Business Days prior to the Requested Advance Date.

Section 5.04Advance
Approval Conditions Precedent. The obligation of DOE to deliver an Advance Request Approval
Notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) (Advance Request Approval Notice) directing FFB to make each Advance (including
each First Advance) in accordance with the relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement and the relevant FFB Note shall be subject to the prior
satisfaction (or waiver in writing) of each of the following conditions precedent and to their continued satisfaction on the Requested
Advance Date for such Advance, in each case, as determined by (x) in all cases, DOE, which shall be entitled to (but not required)
to consult the Independent Engineer and the other Secured Party Advisors; and (y) with respect to any documents or instruments addressed
to FFB or to which FFB is party, FFB:

(a)Advance
Request. Receipt by DOE from the Borrower of an Advance Request and a Borrower Advance Date Certificate pursuant to Section 2.03(a) (Advance
Requests).

40

(b)Conditions
Precedent in the FFB Documents. Each of the conditions precedent (other than delivery of the Advance Request Approval Notice by DOE)
to such Advance under the relevant FFB Note in accordance with the relevant FFB Note Purchase Agreement and such FFB Note have been satisfied.

(c)Representations
and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made by any Borrower Entity or Major Project Participant in or pursuant
to any Transaction Document for each Qualifying Project with respect to which the First Advance has been made or is being requested shall
be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty itself is qualified by materiality,
material adverse effect or a similar qualifier, in which case it is true and correct in all respects) on and as of such
date as if made on and as of such date (or, to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, on
and as of such earlier date), before and after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date.

(d)Equity
Funding Commitment; Adequate Project Funding. Receipt by DOE for each Qualifying Project subject to such Advance Request, of a certification
and supporting information from the Borrower that the following funds available to the Borrower are sufficient to pay all Project Costs
(including any reasonably expected Cost Overruns) and to achieve Project Completion by the corresponding Project Completion Longstop
Date, in each case, of the Qualifying Project subject to such Advance Request: (i) the amount of the requested Advance; (ii) the
undisbursed amount of the Maximum QP Loan Amount available after giving effect to the requested Advance; (iii) the remaining Base
Equity Commitment for the Qualifying Project subject to such Advance Request; and (iv) amounts on deposit in the Cost Overrun Reserve
Account.

(e)Debt
Sizing Parameters. Receipt by DOE of evidence that the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters, both before
and after giving effect to the Advances to be made on such Requested Advance Date.

(f)Debt
to Equity Ratio. Both before and after giving effect to the Advance, the Borrower is in compliance with the Maximum Debt to Equity
Ratio requirement for the Qualifying Project subject to such Advance Request.

(g)Technical
Conditions Precedent. Receipt by DOE of (i) evidence that applicable technical conditions precedent as set out in Schedule 5.01(ee)
(Technical Conditions Precedent) for such Advance have been satisfied and (ii) delivery of the most recent Construction
Progress Report demonstrating compliance with the QPEP, in each case, with respect to the Qualifying Project subject to such Advance
Request.

(h)Construction
Budget. For each Qualifying Project identified in the current Advance Request, receipt by DOE of a certification from the Borrower
and the Independent Engineer that:

(i)there
have been no changes to the Construction Budget with respect to any such Qualifying Project with respect to amounts reflected therein
or the timing of the payments, since the last Advance, except for those changes previously approved in writing by DOE;

(ii)each
such Qualifying Project has not incurred, and is not reasonably expected to incur, any Cost Overruns, except for Cost Overruns previously
identified, agreed in writing by DOE to be paid from the applicable Cost Overrun Reserve Account or Project Completion Guarantee, and
reflected in the then-current Construction Budget; and

41

(iii)the
proceeds of such Advance shall be used solely for payment or reimbursement of Eligible Project Costs for the Qualifying Project being
funded by such Advance.

(i)Project
Milestone Schedule. Receipt by DOE of a certification from the Borrower and Independent Engineer that there have been no changes
to the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule for each Qualifying Project identified in the current Advance Request, except for those
changes previously approved in writing by DOE, and that the Qualifying Project is on schedule to achieve the Physical Completion
Date on or before the Scheduled Physical Completion Date and the Project Completion Date on or before the Scheduled Project Completion
Date (or in each such case such later date as agreed in writing by DOE).

(j)Use
of Proceeds. Receipt by DOE of: (i) evidence that the proceeds of the requested Advance will be applied in accordance with Section 2.03(f) (Disbursement
of Proceeds); and (ii) invoices or other documentation evidencing the incurrence of Eligible Project Costs payable or reimbursable
with such Advance proceeds.

(k)Independent
Engineers Certificate. With respect to each Qualifying Project identified in the current Advance Request, receipt by DOE of certifications
from the Independent Engineer, dated as of the date of the Advance Request, that:

(i)the
following funds available to the Borrower are projected to be sufficient to pay all Projects Costs (including any reasonably expected
cost overruns) and to achieve Project Completion by the Project Completion Longstop Date, in each case, of such Qualifying Project: (A) the
amount of the requested Advance; (B) the undisbursed amount of the Maximum QP Loan Amount after giving effect to such Advance; (C) the
remaining Base Equity Commitment for such Qualifying Project; and (D) amounts on deposit in the Cost Overrun Reserve Account;

(ii)such
Qualifying Project is on schedule to achieve (A) Physical Completion in accordance with the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule;
(B) Final Construction Completion by the corresponding Final Construction Completion Date; and (C) Project Completion by the
Project Completion Longstop Date; and

(iii)such
other matters as DOE may reasonably request.

(l)Base
Case Financial Model. Receipt by DOE, with respect to each Qualifying Project identified in the current Advance Request, of either:

(i)a
certification from the Borrower that there are no changes to each applicable then-current QP Base Case Financial Model or the assumptions
therein for each such Qualifying Project, accompanied by the Financial Advisor report containing the confirmations set forth in Section 5.04(l)(ii)(B);
and

(ii)a
certified updated QP Base Case Financial Model for each such Qualifying Project, approved by DOE, demonstrating compliance with the Debt
Sizing Parameters and financial ratios equal to or better than the Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios set forth in the most
recently approved QP Base Case Financial Model for each such Qualifying Project, accompanied by:

(A)a
certificate from the chief financial officer or similar officer of the Borrower that includes a written explanation from the Borrower
of all variances from the previous Base Case Financial Model, as required by DOE; and

42

(B)to
the extent requested by DOE, a report from the Financial Advisor, including such qualifications or limitations acceptable to DOE, confirming:

(1)the
mathematical accuracy of the computations therein;

(2)the
consistency in all material respects of the Base Case Financial Model with the Project Budgets and Plans;

(3)that
the underlying assumptions are consistent in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Transaction Documents; and

(4)that
such updated Base Case Financial Model demonstrates compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters and required financial ratios as set forth
above.

(m)Lien
Waivers. Receipt by DOE of evidence that:

(i)any
unpaid balances then due or unsettled claims with any contractor or supplier under any Construction Contract, or their subcontractors,
have been paid in full, except for balances or claims that the applicable Project Company is actively contesting in accordance with the
Permitted Contest Conditions; and

(ii)each
contractor or supplier under any Construction Contract, or their subcontractors, to be paid with the proceeds of such Advance and from
the Base Equity Commitment or funds on deposit in the applicable Construction Account or Advance Proceeds Account, has conditionally (or
if applicable, finally and unconditionally) waived on terms satisfactory to DOE and released all Liens, statutory or otherwise, that
it or any of its subcontractors may have or acquire on the Collateral for the Qualifying Project or the Qualifying Project with respect
to work completed prior to its last submission for payment, such Lien waivers to be in form and substance prescribed by Applicable Law
in the State where the Qualifying Project is located.

(n)Real
Estate. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)evidence
of continued title to or leasehold interest in any Real Property or fixture interests (including easements) constituting part of the
Collateral and continued right to all easements, rights of way, zoning compliance and other land rights necessary for such Qualifying
Project;

(ii)an
ALTA 33-06 endorsement or equivalent endorsement to the ALTA extended coverage loan policy of title insurance issued on the First Advance
Date bringing down the date of coverage to the relevant Advance Date, increasing the coverage amount to the and ensuring the Mortgage
continues to maintain a legal, valid and enforceable First Priority Lien on the Project Site, easements and other interests in Real Property
created under the Real Property Documents and other interests in real property (including improvements) described in the Mortgage
subject only to Permitted Liens; and

(iii)evidence
that: (A) no part of the Project Site or improvements shall have suffered any significant damage by fire or other casualty that
has not been repaired; and (B) no condemnation or adverse zoning or usage change proceeding shall have occurred or shall have been
threatened against any of the Real Property that could materially impair the development, construction, operation, access to or use by (or
for the benefit of) the Project Company of the Project Site for the Qualifying Project.

43

(o)Program
Requirements. Receipt by DOE of evidence that the Borrower is in compliance with or shall have satisfied, as applicable, all requirements
and approvals pursuant to the Program Requirements.

(p)Required
Approvals. Receipt by DOE of fully executed copies of all applicable Required Approvals set forth in Part B of the Required
Approvals Schedule and all such other Required Approvals required to be obtained in each case, as of such date and in connection
with the Qualifying Project subject to such Advance Request and not yet previously provided to DOE, together with: (x) if necessary,
an updated Required Approvals Schedule; and (y) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that:

(i)the
copies of such Required Approvals are true, correct and complete copies of such Required Approvals (including all schedules, exhibits,
attachments, supplements and amendments thereto and any related protocols or side letters);

(ii)no
term or condition of any of such Required Approvals has been amended from the form thereof delivered pursuant to this Section 5.04(p) (Required
Approvals);

(iii)each
such Required Approval has been validly issued, is in full force and effect, final and Non-Appealable and free of any unduly burdensome
conditions; and

(iv)all
conditions precedent to the effectiveness of such Required Approvals have been satisfied.

(q)Davis-Bacon
Act. For the Qualifying Project identified in such Advance Request, receipt by DOE of:

(i)a
certificate from the Borrower, and, to the extent requested, evidence, that (A) the clauses set forth in Exhibit I (Davis-Bacon
Act Contract Provisions) and the appropriate wage determination(s) of the Secretary of Labor have been included in each Davis-Bacon
Act Covered Contract existing as of such Advance Date; and (B) the Borrower and, to the Borrowers Knowledge, each DBA Contract
Party under each Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract existing on or prior to such Advance Date have taken all necessary steps to comply
with and are in compliance (including retroactive compliance) with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements.

(r)Payment
of Fees. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)payment
in full of all fees required under the Financing Documents to be paid on or prior to the Requested Advance Date, and all Secured Party
Expenses and reimbursement of all fees and Secured Party Expenses of any Secured Party Advisors, incurred and invoiced prior to the Requested
Advance Date; or

(ii)confirmation
that all such fees and Secured Party Expenses have been paid directly to the relevant Secured Party or Secured Party Advisor, as applicable.

(s)Environmental
Compliance. Receipt by DOE of a written certification by the Borrower that each Borrower Party is, and has been, in all material
respects, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and all Required Approvals thereunder, and has and maintains in full force
and effect all Required Approvals applicable to the development, ownership, construction and operation of the Qualifying Project as of
the date of such Advance under any applicable Environmental Law.

44

(t)Legal
Opinions. To the extent reasonably requested by DOE, receipt by DOE of:

(i)legal
opinions in respect of any amendment, modification, termination or entry into any new Transaction Document that has been executed and
delivered after the prior Advance Date, in each case, dated as of the Requested Advance Date, addressed to each Secured Party and from
legal counsel satisfactory to DOE; and

(ii)to
the extent that, since the date of any legal opinion furnished pursuant to this Section 5.04(t) (Legal Opinions),
there has been a material change in circumstances on any matter covered by such legal opinion, supplemental legal opinions with respect
to the possible legal consequences of such changed circumstances, dated as of the Requested Advance Date, addressed to each Secured Party,
and from legal counsel satisfactory to DOE.

(u)Security.
Receipt by DOE of:

(i)satisfactory
evidence that all Security Documents continue to be in full force and effect, properly perfected, filed and registered or recorded in
any jurisdiction and with any Governmental Authority where perfection, filing and registration or recordation is required, as applicable,
and all liens or pledges in favor of the Secured Parties continue to be properly registered or recorded in favor of such Secured Parties;
and

(ii)in
the event of any changes of Applicable Law, Transaction Document or other circumstances affecting the Secured Parties security
interest in the Collateral, all such documentation, certificates and other information as DOE has requested in writing.

(v)No
Violation. The making of the requested Advance shall not result in a violation of any Applicable Law, Transaction Document, Governmental
Approval, or any other agreement or consent to which any Borrower Entity is a party, or any judgment or approval to which any Borrower
Entity is subject, and the Borrower shall have certified to DOE as to such compliance.

(w)Transaction
Documents. Receipt by DOE on or prior to the date of such Advance of fully executed originals (to the extent required) or copies
of all Transaction Documents required to be executed as of the date of such Advance (to the extent such documents have not already been
provided), and confirmation that such Transaction Documents remain in full force and effect and no default or event that with the passage
of time, the giving of notice or both would constitute a default shall have occurred and is continuing thereunder.

(x)Litigation.
Receipt by DOE of an Officers Certificate of each Borrower Entity, as applicable, that sets forth:

(i)in
the case of a Borrower Party or the Direct Parent, (A) a certification that there is no pending or, to such Borrower Partys
or Direct Parents Knowledge, as applicable, threatened (in writing) Adverse Proceeding, that relates to: (x) the legality,
validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the ability of any Secured Party to exercise any of its rights under
any of the Financing Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents; (y) any transaction
contemplated by any such Transaction Document; or (z) other than Disclosed Adverse Proceedings, any Qualifying Project, any Borrower
Party or the Direct Parent; (B) any material changes to the Disclosed Adverse Proceedings listed in the then-current Schedule 6.08
(Disclosed Adverse Proceedings); and (C) if applicable, any new Adverse Proceedings listed in an updated Schedule
6.08 (Disclosed Adverse Proceedings); and

45

(ii)in
the case of the Sponsor, a certification that there is no pending or, to the Sponsors Knowledge threatened (in writing) Adverse
Proceeding, that relates to (A) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the ability of any
Secured Party to exercise any of its rights under any of the Financing Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant
to the Security Documents; (B) any transaction contemplated by any such Transaction Document; or (C) the Sponsor, in each case,
where an unfavorable outcome in any such Adverse Proceeding could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Sponsors
business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, or on any Qualifying Project;

provided, that in connection with clauses
(i)(B), (i)(C) and (ii)(C), DOE may request a summary of such Adverse Proceedings, or update with respect to any Disclosed Adverse
Proceeding, as applicable, and a phone call to discuss the facts, circumstances and risk to the Borrower Entities and the Qualifying
Projects, as applicable.

(y)Project
Accounts. All Project Accounts (including all Reserve Accounts) shall have been funded in full to the then-applicable funding requirement
as of the date of such Advance pursuant to the applicable Accounts Agreement.

(z)Certain
Events. No Default, Event of Default, Event of Force Majeure or Event of Loss has occurred and is continuing as of the Advance Date
or is reasonably expected to occur after the Advance Date.

(aa)No
Material Adverse Effect. No event (including any legal, arbitral or other dispute review proceeding or any change in law) has occurred
and is continuing, or could reasonably be expected to occur, that shall have had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect.

(bb)Sponsor
Compliance Certificate. Receipt by DOE of a Compliance Certificate of the Sponsor, dated as of the relevant Advance Request date,
demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 3.01(b) (Financial Covenants) of the
Sponsor Support Agreement, include a calculation of each such financial covenant and certify that as of the date of the issuance of such
Compliance Certificate, there are no conditions or events in the aggregate that raise substantial doubt about the Sponsors ability
to continue as a going concern and the Sponsor has not issued a going concern warning.

(cc)Additional
Items. Receipt by DOE of such other documents, certifications, or consents relating to any Qualifying Project, any Borrower Entity,
any Major Project Participant, or the matters contemplated by the Transaction Documents as it may reasonably request.

Section 5.05Conditions
Precedent to Qualifying Projects. DOEs approval of any Project as a Qualifying Project,
and delivery of any QP Approval Notice by DOE, shall be subject to the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing) of each of the following
conditions precedent and to their continued satisfaction on the QP Approval Date for such Qualifying Project, in each case, as determined
by DOE, which shall be entitled to (but not required) to consult the Independent Engineer and the other Secured Party Advisors:

(a)Due
Diligence Review. Completion by DOE of its due diligence review of the Project Company, including (i) satisfactory evidence
that power supply arrangements for the prospective Qualifying Project meet requirements to certify hydrogen production as low
carbon, and have a tenor no shorter than the QP Maturity Date for such Qualifying Project and are bundled with related RECs (if
any), and (ii) satisfactory determination, made by DOE in consultation with such Secured Party Advisors as DOE determines advisable
in its discretion, of the collateral value for such Qualifying Project (equal to the net present value of the pre-tax net cash flows
generated by such Qualifying Project from the sale of Product net of all fixed and variable operating costs).

46

(b)Organizational
Documents. An updated organizational chart of the Borrower that includes the Project Company and Qualifying Project.

(c)Base
Case Financial Model. Receipt by DOE of (x) a certified updated Base Case Financial Model demonstrating compliance with the
Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios equal to or better than the Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios set forth in the
then-current Base Case Financial Model including each Qualifying Project previously approved, the Qualifying Project for which approval
is currently being requested, and the remaining then-anticipated Project Portfolio, and (y) a certified QP Base Case Financial Model
for the Qualifying Project for which approval is currently being requested (which QP Base Case Financial Model may be embedded in the
Base Case Financial Model delivered pursuant to clause (x)) demonstrating compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters and
financial ratios equal to or better than the Debt Sizing Parameters and financial ratios set forth in the then-current Base Case Financial
Model, accompanied by:

(i)with
respect to clause (x) above, a certificate from the chief financial officer or similar officer of the Borrower that
includes a written explanation from the Borrower of all variances of such updated Base Case Financial Model from the then-current Base
Case Financial Model, as required by DOE; and

(ii)to
the extent requested by DOE, a report from the Financial Advisor, including such qualifications or limitations acceptable to DOE, confirming:

(A)the
mathematical accuracy of the computations therein;

(B)the
consistency in all material respects of such Base Case Financial Model and the QP Base Case Financial Model with the Project Budgets
and Plans;

(C)that
the underlying assumptions are consistent in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Transaction Documents; and

(D)that
such Base Case Financial Model and the QP Base Case Financial Model demonstrate compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters and required
financial ratios as set forth above.

(d)QPEP.
Receipt by DOE of the QPEP for such Qualifying Project.

(e)Transaction
Documents. Receipt by DOE of such Project Companys:

(i)Equity
Commitment and Completion Support Agreement;

(ii)Make-Whole
Agreement;

(iii)Security
Documents (including Project Company Security Agreement, Project Company Equity Pledge Agreement, Mortgage, Accounts Accession Agreement
and any others required);

(iv)Truck
Agreement;

47

(v)Accession
Agreement, or in the case of the Limestone Project, an updated Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details);

(vi)Major
Project Documents necessary to achieve Project Completion;

(vii)O&M
Agreement;

(viii)Real
Property Documents;

(ix)Power
Supply Agreement for the dedicated delivery of low carbon energy (electricity) (bundled with related RECs, if any)
from renewable or nuclear generation energy source(s);

(x)Water
Supply Agreements;

(xi)Utility
Contracts;

(xii)if
applicable, a true, correct and complete fully executed copy of a CPA Compliance Agreement; and

(xiii)any
other Transaction Documents required by DOE.

(f)Legal
Opinions. DOE shall have received the legal opinions of each Major Project Participant regarding the due authorization, execution
and delivery and valid, binding and enforceable nature of the Transaction Documents listed in Section 5.05(e) (Transaction
Documents) to which each such Person in a party.

(g)Compliance
with NEPA; Environmental Reports. DOE shall have, with respect to the Project Company and prospective Qualifying Project:

(i)completed
its review and related consultations under NEPA;

(ii)received
evidence of Governmental Approvals issued under Environmental Law, which shall be final and Non-Appealable; and

(iii)received
a current Phase I (and, if applicable, Phase II) Environmental Site Assessment relating to the real property within the Project Site,
accompanied by a reliance letter issued to DOE that is acceptable in scope and content to DOE.

(h)Lobbying
Certification. Receipt by DOE of the Project Companys completed Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying (Standard Form LLL).

(i)KYC
Requirements. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)evidence
that the Project Company have established proper operating and credit policies and procedures (including, know your customer
and anti-money laundering policies) to ensure, inter alia, proper credit, risk and conflicts of interest management;

(ii)all
documentation (including taxpayer identification documents) and other information in respect of the KYC Parties; and

48

(iii)confirmation
by each Secured Party of the completion of its respective know your customer diligence in respect of each KYC Party.

(j)Intellectual
Property. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)a
fully executed original (to the extent required) or copy of each further or amended Project IP Agreement and confirmation that the licenses
included in all Project IP Agreements remain in full force and effect; and

(ii)evidence
that:

(A)the
Borrower exclusively owns all Project IP, or have rights to use all Project IP pursuant to a Project IP Agreement, and confirmation that
the licenses included in such Project IP Agreement remain in full force and effect;

(B)the
Borrower has granted and, to the extent applicable, each Borrower Entity has caused each licensor of rights to Project IP under a Project
IP Agreement existing at such time to grant, to the Secured Parties a Secured Parties License and confirmation that such license
remains in full force and effect, or otherwise obtained permission for such licensors to grant such license; and

(C)with
respect to Project Source Code existing at such time, the Borrower has complied and, to the extent applicable, has caused each Borrower
Entity to comply, with Section 7.02(g) (Source Code Escrow).

(k)Construction
Budget. Receipt by DOE of the Construction Budget for such Qualifying Project.

(l)Project
Milestone Schedule. Receipt by DOE of the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule.

(m)Technical
Conditions Precedent. Receipt by DOE of evidence that the technical conditions precedent as set out in Schedule 5.01(ee)
(Technical Conditions Precedent) applicable to the Qualifying Project have been satisfied.

(n)Consultant
Reports. Receipt by DOE of a certificate from the following Secured Party Advisors, dated as of the QP Approval Date, substantially
in the form of Exhibit G (Form of Secured Party Advisor Report Bring-Down Certificate) and addressing the Qualifying
Project and such other matters as DOE may request:

(i)the
Independent Engineer;

(ii)the
Market Consultant;

(iii)the
Financial Advisor;

(iv)the
Insurance Consultant; and

(v)any
other Secured Party Advisor required by DOE.

(o)Community
Benefits Plan. Receipt by DOE from the Borrower of the Community Benefits Plan for the Qualifying Project.

49

(p)Davis-Bacon
Act. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)a
certificate from the Borrower certifying that the clauses set forth in Exhibit I (Davis-Bacon Act Contract Provisions)
and the appropriate wage determination(s) of the Secretary of Labor have been included in each Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract
existing as of such date; and

(ii)the
Borrower and each DBA Contract Party under each Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract existing on or prior to such date have taken all necessary
steps to comply with and are in compliance (including retroactive compliance) with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements.

(q)Regulatory
Requirements. DOE shall have determined that the Project Company is in compliance with 10 CFR 609.8(b)(15).

(r)No
Violation. No violation of any Applicable Law, Transaction Document, Governmental Approval, or any other agreement or consent to
which the Project Company is a party, or any judgment or approval to which the Project Company is subject, and the Borrower shall have
certified to DOE as to such compliance.

(s)Representations
and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made (or deemed made) by or with respect to the Project Company, the prospective
Qualifying Project, or applicable Major Project Participant in any Financing Document are true and correct as of such date, except to
the extent such representation or warranty is made only as of a specific date or time (in which event such representation or warranty
is true and correct as of such date or time).

(t)Required
Approvals. Receipt by DOE of, for the prospective Qualifying Project:

(i)the
Required Approvals Schedule, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower with respect thereto; and

(ii)fully
executed copies of each Required Approval listed on Part A of the Required Approvals Schedule, together with a certificate of a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that:

(A)the
copies submitted are true, correct and complete (including all schedules, exhibits, attachments, supplements and amendments thereto and
any related protocols or side letters, waivers or consents thereunder);

(B)no
term or condition thereof has been amended from that delivered pursuant to this clause (t); and

(C)each
such Required Approval has been validly issued, is in full force and effect, final Non-Appealable; and

(iii)all
conditions precedent to the effectiveness of each such Required Approval have been satisfied.

(u)Payment
of Fees. Receipt by DOE of:

(i)payment
in full of all fees required under the Financing Documents to be paid on or prior to the Requested Advance Date, and all Secured Party
Expenses and reimbursement of all fees and Secured Party Expenses of any Secured Party Advisors, incurred and invoiced prior to the Requested
Advance Date; or

50

(ii)confirmation
that all such fees and Secured Party Expenses have been paid directly to the relevant Secured Party Advisors.

(v)No
Material Adverse Effect. No event (including any legal, arbitral or other dispute review proceeding or any change in law) has occurred
and is continuing, or could reasonably be expected to occur, that shall have had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect.

(w)Additional
Items. Receipt by DOE of such other documents, certifications, or consents relating to any Qualifying Project, any Borrower Entity,
any Major Project Participant, or the matters contemplated by the Transaction Documents as it may reasonably request.

Section 5.06Conditions
Precedent to FFB Advance. The obligation of FFB to make each Advance (including each First
Advance) under each FFB Note Purchase Agreement and each FFB Note is subject to the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing) as determined
by FFB of each of the following conditions precedent as of the date of the relevant Advance Request and as of the Advance Date:

(a)Receipt
of Advance Request Approval Notice. FFB shall have received from DOE an Advance Request Approval Notice.

(b)Absence
of Drawstop Notice. No Drawstop Notice shall have been delivered to DOE or FFB.

Section 5.07Advance
Deductions. Unless the Borrower shall have prepaid the applicable Advance in the amount
of any excess as provided in Section 3.05(c)(i)(F) (Mandatory Prepayments) prior to each Requested Advance Date
immediately following the parties determination of the existence of an Excess Advance Amount (whether pursuant to the Quarterly
Certificate or otherwise), the Borrower shall:

(a)in
the relevant Advance Request, deduct from the total amount of the Advance or Advances to be made on such Requested Advance Date an amount
equal to the amount that would otherwise have been prepayable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.05(c)(i)(F) (Mandatory
Prepayments); and

(b)in
the relevant Advance Request, include a certification by a Responsible Officer, substantially in the form set forth in the Form of
Advance Request, certifying as to the amount of such deduction;

provided, that if the amount of the Advance
requested to be made on such Requested Advance Date is less than the total amount to be deducted on such Requested Advance Date, the
Borrower shall deduct an amount equal to the total amount of the Advance requested to be made on such date, and the remaining shortfall
shall be deducted by the Borrower from Advances requested in future Advance Requests made on future Requested Advance Dates until such
amount has been deducted in full.

Section 5.08Satisfaction
of Conditions Precedent. Each of the Borrower and DOE hereby acknowledges and agrees that:

(a)by
delivering the FFB Secretarys Instruments on the Execution Date, DOE shall be deemed to have approved of or consented to, or to
be satisfied with, each of the Execution Date Conditions Precedent that must be approved or consented to by, or be satisfactory to, DOE;
and

51

(b)FFB,
by delivering an acceptance notice under Section 5.1 (Acceptance or Rejection of Principal Instruments) of a FFB Note
Purchase Agreement or making any Advance under the FFB Notes, shall be deemed to have approved of or consented to, or to be satisfied
with, each of the matters set forth in Sections 5.01 (Conditions Precedent to the Execution Date) and 5.02
(Conditions Precedent to FFB Purchase of the FFB Note) that must be approved or consented to by, or satisfactory to, FFB.

Article VI

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

To induce DOE to enter into
this Agreement and to arrange for FFB to purchase the FFB Notes and offer extensions of credit thereunder, the Borrower, on behalf of
itself and each other Borrower Entity, on the relevant date, makes each of the following representations and warranties to and in favor
of DOE and FFB as of: (a) the Execution Date; (b) each Advance Date (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect
to the Advances being made on such date); (c) each Physical Completion Date; and (d) Project Completion Date, except as such
representations and warranties are expressly made as to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties will be true
as of such earlier date:

Section 6.01Organization
and Existence. Each Borrower Party:

(a)is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization;

(b)is
duly qualified to do business in, and in good standing in, (i) in the case of each Project Company, the State where its Qualifying
Project is located and (ii) for all Borrower Entities each other jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify and be in good standing
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c)has
all requisite power and authority to:

(i)own
or hold under lease and operate the property it purports to own or hold under lease;

(ii)carry
on its business as now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted in respect of the Project Portfolio;

(iii)incur
Indebtedness and create Liens on all and any of its properties; and

(iv)execute,
deliver, perform and observe the terms and conditions of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

Section 6.02Authorization;
No Conflict. Each Borrower Entity has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, and none of: (a) its execution and delivery thereof; (b) its consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby nor its compliance with the terms of this Agreement or thereof; and (c) the issuance of the FFB Notes,
the borrowings under the Financing Documents, the use of the proceeds thereof and Reimbursement Obligations hereunder, in each case,
do or will: (i) contravene its Organizational Documents or any Applicable Laws; (ii) contravene or result in any breach or
constitute any default under any Governmental Judgment applicable to it; (iii) contravene or result in any breach or constitute
any default, or result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any of its properties, in each case, under any agreement or instrument
to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, except for any Permitted Liens; or (iv) require the
consent or approval of any Person other than the Required Approvals and any other consents or approvals that have been obtained and are
in full force and effect.

52

Section 6.03Capitalization.
All of the Equity Interests of each Borrower Entity have been duly authorized, validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable, and
are directly owned by the Persons set out in Schedule 6.03 (Capitalization) (provided that only shareholders with
ten percent (10%) or more of the Equity Interests in the Sponsor need be identified). All Equity Interests of each Borrower Party
are free and clear of all Liens other than Liens created under the Security Documents. No options or rights for conversion into or acquisition,
purchase or transfer of Equity Interests of any Borrower Entity (other than Sponsor) or any agreements or arrangements for the issuance
by any Borrower Entity (other than Sponsor) of additional Equity Interests are outstanding. No Borrower Entity (other than
Sponsor) has outstanding: (a) any securities convertible into or exchangeable for its Equity Interests; or (b) any rights to
subscribe for or to purchase, or any option for the purchase of, or any agreement, arrangement or understanding providing for the issuance
(contingent or otherwise) of, or any call, loan commitment or claims of any character relating to, its Equity Interests.

Section 6.04Solvency.

(a)The
value of the assets (at fair value and present fair saleable value or at book value) of each Borrower Entity is, on the date of determination,
greater than the amount of liabilities at book value (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of each such Borrower Entity
as of such date. As of the date of determination, each Borrower Entity is able to pay all of its liabilities as such liabilities mature
and does not have an unreasonably small capital. In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such
liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount
that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

(b)None
of the Borrower Entities is the subject of any pending or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened Insolvency Proceedings.

(c)No
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is being considered or prepared by any Borrower Entity that could trigger
the occurrence of any event or circumstance described in Section 10.01(j) (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution).

Section 6.05Eligibility
of Borrower; Project. The Borrower has satisfied each of the conditions contained in the
Program Requirements for (a) the Borrower to be classified as an Eligible Applicant and (b) the Project Portfolio and each
Qualifying Project to qualify as an Eligible Project thereunder.

Section 6.06Transaction
Documents. Each Transaction Document to which any Borrower Entity is (or will be when executed)
a party is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower Entity, enforceable against such Borrower Entity in accordance with
its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings
in equity or at law).

Section 6.07Required
Approvals.

(a)The
Required Approvals Schedules set forth all Required Approvals other than Governmental Approvals and other consents and approvals
that, in each case, are of a routine nature and can be obtained in the Ordinary Course of Business.

53

(b)Part A
of the Required Approvals Schedule sets forth all of the Required Approvals that are necessary or required to be obtained by the
Execution Date under Applicable Law or any agreement applicable to, or binding on, any Borrower Party or any of its properties or, to
the Borrowers Knowledge, any Major Project Participant for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under the applicable Major
Project Document. As of the Execution Date, and as of each date thereafter that this representation is to be made, each Required Approval
set forth in Part A of the Required Approvals Schedule has been duly and validly issued, is in full force and effect, final
and Non-Appealable.

(c)Part B
of the Required Approvals Schedule includes all of the Required Approvals that are not required to be obtained until after the Execution
Date under Applicable Law or any agreement applicable to, or binding on, any Borrower Party or any of its properties or, to the Borrowers
Knowledge, any Major Project Participant for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under the applicable Major Project Document.

(d)Any
Required Approval listed on Part B of the Required Approvals Schedule that is required to be obtained, as of any date on which
this representation is made, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, Applicable Law or any agreement
applicable to, or binding on, any Borrower Party or any of its properties or, to the Borrower Parties Knowledge, any Major Project
Participant for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under the applicable Major Project Document, has been duly and validly issued,
is in full force and effect, final and Non-Appealable, and the Borrower has no reason to believe that any such Required Approvals already
obtained will be revoked, suspended or modified.

(e)The
Borrower does not have any reason to believe that it, any other Borrower Party or, to the Borrower Parties Knowledge, any Major
Project Participant will be unable to obtain the Required Approvals set forth on Part B of the Required Approvals Schedule applicable
to it in the Ordinary Course of Business free from conditions or requirements and at such time or times as may be necessary to avoid
any material delay in, or impairment to the development, construction or operation of any Qualifying Project, or the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(f)The
Borrower, each Borrower Party and, to the Borrower Parties Knowledge, each Major Project Participant is in compliance in all material
respects with all Required Approvals that have been obtained by, or are otherwise applicable to, such Person.

Section 6.08Litigation.
There are no Adverse Proceedings pending or, to the Borrower Parties Knowledge, threatened in writing that relate to:

(a)the
legality, validity or enforceability of any Financing Document or any Major Project Document;

(b)the
Project Portfolio, any Qualifying Project or any transaction contemplated by any Financing Document or any Major Project Document; or

(c)except
as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 6.08 (Disclosed Adverse Proceedings) and expressly waived in writing by DOE, any Borrower
Entity or any Project Document other than a Major Project Document that (excluding any Adverse Proceeding contemplated under clauses (a) and
(b) above) either individually or in the aggregate has, or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.09Indebtedness.
No Borrower Party has any outstanding Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness.

54

Section 6.10Security
Interests; Liens.

(a)Pursuant
to the Security Documents, the Collateral Agent has a legal, valid, enforceable and perfected First Priority Lien in the Collateral subject
only to Permitted Liens.

(b)Such
security interest in the Collateral is and, with respect to any after-acquired property, when so subsequently acquired, will be superior
and prior to the rights of all third Persons now existing or hereafter arising, whether by way of deed of trust, mortgage, Lien, security
interests, encumbrance, assignment or otherwise, other than Permitted Liens.

(c)All
documents and instruments, including the Real Property Documents, as required, have been recorded or filed for record in such manner
and in such places as are required and all other action as is necessary or desirable have been taken to establish and perfect the Collateral
Agents Lien in and to the Collateral (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) to the extent contemplated by the Security Documents.

(d)All
Taxes (including stamp taxes) and filing fees and Secured Party Expenses that are due and payable in connection with the execution, delivery
or recordation of each Mortgage or any other Transaction Document, or the mortgaging of the mortgaged property under any Mortgage, have
been paid.

(e)Except
for Permitted Liens, neither any Borrower Party nor Direct Parent, nor any other owner of any of the Collateral has created or is under
any obligation to create or has entered into any transaction or agreement that would result in the imposition of, any Lien upon any of
the Collateral. There are no Liens on the Equity Interests of the Borrower other than the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent.

Section 6.11Taxes.

(a)Each
Borrower Party has filed all tax returns required by Applicable Laws to be filed by it and has paid: (i) all income Taxes that have
become due pursuant to such tax returns; and (ii) all other material Taxes and assessments payable by it that have become due (other
than those Taxes that it is contesting in accordance with the Permitted Contest Conditions).

(b)Assuming
that each Secured Party, to the extent applicable, provides a properly completed IRS Form W-9 to establish its status as a United
States Person and to certify that such Secured Party is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax (or, in the case of any Secured
Party that is not a United States Person, a properly completed applicable Form W-8 or other certificate, form or documentation establishing
an exemption from U.S. federal withholding Taxes), no withholding Taxes are payable by any Borrower Party to any Governmental Authority
in connection with any amounts payable by such Borrower Party under or in respect of the Financing Documents.

(c)The
Borrower intends to treat the Guaranteed Loan as debt for United States federal income Tax purposes.

(d)For
United States federal income Tax purposes, each Borrower Party is, and has been since its formation, a disregarded entity
within the meaning of United States Department of the Treasury regulation section 301.7701-3.

(e)DOEs
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance of the FFB Notes and any determination by DOE that any Project Costs are Eligible
Project Costs, in each case, (A) does not prejudice or otherwise have any binding effect with regard to any determination by the
Internal Revenue Service, the United States Department of Treasury, or a court of law as to the tax basis of any Qualifying Project or
any part thereof under the Code, (B) does not constitute a determination regarding, and is unrelated to whether any Borrower Entity
or any Qualifying Project has complied or will comply with, Federal tax law and (C) will not be used to demonstrate or prove that
the Borrower Entities or a Qualifying Project complied with the requirements to claim a Tax Credit or other amount under the Code in
an Adverse Proceeding.

55

Section 6.12Financial
Statements.

(a)Each
of the Historical Financial Statements and each Financial Statement of each applicable Borrower Entity delivered to DOE pursuant to Section 8.01
(Financial Statements) is complete and correct, has been prepared in accordance with the Designated Standard and presents
fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition of the applicable Borrower Entity as of the respective dates of the Financial
Statements for the respective periods covered therein.

(b)Such
Financial Statements reflect all liabilities or obligations of the applicable Borrower Entity of any nature whatsoever for the period
to which such Financial Statements relate that are required to be disclosed in accordance with the Designated Standard.

(c)As
of the Execution Date or the date of delivery of such Financial Statements pursuant to Section 8.01 (Financial Statements),
as applicable, or the respective date of such Financial Statements, whichever is earlier, no such Borrower Entity has incurred or assumed
any liabilities or obligations that would be required to be disclosed in accordance with the Designated Standard and which are not reflected
in such Financial Statements or the FFB Notes thereto.

Section 6.13Business;
Other Transactions.

(a)No
Borrower Party has conducted any business other than the business contemplated by the Transaction Documents and such other business as
may be related to the Qualifying Projects.

(b)No
Borrower Party is a party to, or bound by, any contract, undisclosed agreements or side arrangements other than those contracts, agreements
or arrangements permitted under the Financing Documents.

(c)Except
as provided in the Financing Documents, no Borrower Party has executed and delivered any powers of attorney or similar documents.

(d)No
Borrower Party has paid or become obligated to pay: (i) any fee or commission to any broker, finder or intermediary for or on account
of arranging the financing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; or (ii) any contingency fee (computed
as a percentage of any amount of the Guaranteed Loan) to any financial or other professional advisors of the Borrower Parties.

(e)Except
as set forth on Schedule 6.13 (Affiliate Transactions), no Borrower Party is a party to any contract, arrangement
or agreement with, nor has any other loan commitment to, any other Borrower Entity or other Affiliate thereof.

(f)No
Borrower Party has entered into any transaction or series of related transactions (including any payment of fees or commissions) (i) with
any Person (including any Affiliate) other than in the Ordinary Course of Business and on an arms length basis; or (ii) whereby
such Borrower Party might pay more than the fair market value for products of others.

56

(g)No
Borrower Party has made any Investments other than Permitted Investments.

(h)No
Borrower Party has any Subsidiaries or legally or beneficially own any Equity Interests of any other Person except for the Borrowers
one hundred percent (100%) ownership of each Project Company.

(i)Each
Borrower Party has instituted and maintained adequate internal controls, reporting systems and cost control systems that are designed
to ensure that it satisfies its obligations under the Financing Documents.

(j)As
of a Qualifying Projects QP Approval Date, and other than the contracts set forth on Annex 5 (Qualifying Project Contracts)
of the Qualifying Projects Accession Agreement, such Qualifying Project is not a party to, or bound by, any contract, undisclosed
agreement or side arrangement under which (i) the Qualifying Project is reasonably expected to have aggregate obligations or liabilities
in excess of five million Dollars ($5,000,000) in any calendar year during its term; or (ii) the breach, non-performance, cancellation
or early termination of which has, or could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect any Borrower Party or any Qualifying
Project.

Section 6.14Accounts.
Each Borrower Party does not own or maintain any accounts with a bank or financial institution other than the Project Accounts.

Section 6.15Property.

(a)Title
to Collateral.

(i)Each
Real Property Schedule identifies each Borrower Partys Real Property interests.

(ii)Each
Project Company owns and has valid legal and beneficial title to, or has a valid leasehold interest in such (A) Real Property interests
in its Project Site free and clear of any Lien of any kind, except for Permitted Liens and (B) Property free and clear of any Lien
of any kind, except for Permitted Liens and, in each case, no contracts or arrangements, conditional or unconditional, exist for the
creation by such Project Company of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any Real Property, or Property other than the Security Documents;
and none of the Permitted Liens, individually or in the aggregate, would materially impair or delay the development, construction, operation,
or use by (or for the benefit of) such Project Company of such Project Site for its Qualifying Project.

(iii)All
easements, leasehold and other Real Property interests and utility and other services, means of transportation, facilities, other materials
and rights that can reasonably be expected to be necessary for the construction, completion and operation of the Qualifying Project in
accordance with Applicable Laws and the Transaction Documents have been procured under the Major Project Documents or are commercially
available to the Qualifying Project at the Project Site on terms consistent with the Construction Budget and the Base Case Financial Model
and are not subject to dispute. To the extent appropriate, arrangements have been made on terms consistent with the Construction Budget
and the Base Case Financial Model for such easements, interests, services, means of transportation, facilities, materials and rights.

(b)Leases.
Any Leases material to each Qualifying Project in existence on the date of this representation and under which any Project Company is
a lessee, sublessee or licensee, are valid and subsisting, such Project Company is not in default under any of such Leases, such Project
Company enjoys peaceful and undisturbed possession of the Real Property subject to such Leases, and such Project Company has the right
to continue to enjoy such possession during the time when such Real Property is necessary for its Qualifying Project.

57

(c)Project
Site. Each Project Site is sufficient and appropriate in all respects for the development, siting, design, engineering, construction,
ownership, operation, maintenance and use of its Qualifying Project as contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(d)Boundaries.
Except as shown on the ALTA survey delivered prior to the First Advance Date for each Qualifying Project all of the improvements on the
Project Site lie wholly within the boundaries and building restriction lines of the Project Site and within the boundaries of the area
that are subject to DOEs environmental review under NEPA, and no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon the Project
Site, and no improvements on the Project Site encroach upon or violate any easements or other encumbrances upon the Project Site, in each
case, so as to materially impair or delay the development, construction, operation, or use by (or for the benefit of) the applicable
Project Company of its Project Site, except those that are insured against by title insurance. To the Project Companys Knowledge,
the ALTA survey delivered prior to the First Advance Date does not fail to reflect any material matter affecting its Project Site or the
title thereto.

(e)Condemnation.
No condemnation or adverse zoning or usage change proceeding has occurred or been threatened against any of the Real Property that could
materially impair or delay development, construction, operation, access to or use by (or for the benefit of) the Project Company
of its Project Site.

(f)The
Borrower does not have any interest in any Real Property.

Section 6.16Qualifying
Project Milestone Schedule, Project Budgets and Plans.

(a)The
Project Budgets and Plans:

(i)are
complete and based on reasonable assumptions;

(ii)are
consistent with the provisions of the Project Documents;

(iii)have
been prepared in good faith and with due care; and

(iv)fairly
represent the Borrower Parties expectation as to the matters covered thereby as of any date on which this representation is made
or deemed made.

(b)The
Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule accurately specifies in summary form the work that each Construction Contractor proposes to
complete on or before the deadlines specified therein.

(c)The
Construction Budget represents the Project Companys best estimate of the Project Costs anticipated to be incurred to achieve the
Qualifying Projects Physical Completion Date and Final Construction Completion by no later than the corresponding Physical Completion
Longstop Date and scheduled Final Construction Completion Date, respectively. The Construction Budget has not been amended or changed
in any material respect other than to reflect changes resulting from Approved Construction Changes.

(d)No
material changes have been made to the Base Case Financial Model most recently approved by DOE, nor to the assumptions or projections
set forth therein.

58

(e)The
Borrowers good faith estimate and belief is that each Physical Completion Date and Project Completion Date will occur no later
than the Scheduled Physical Completion Date and the Scheduled Project Completion Date, respectively, for each Qualifying Project.

(f)The
Borrower believes that it is technically feasible for each Qualifying Project to be constructed, completed, operated and maintained so
as to fulfill in all material respects the design specifications and requirements contained in the applicable Major Project Documents.

Section 6.17Intellectual
Property.

(a)Each
Project Company exclusively owns, or has a valid and enforceable license or right to use, all of its Project IP.

(b)Neither
the Borrower nor any other Borrower Party is in breach of or default under any Project IP Agreement then in effect. There are no facts
or circumstances that would be reasonably expected (after the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both) to give rise to any revocation
or termination of any Project IP Agreement, or any Borrower Partys rights or licenses to Project IP thereunder.

(c)Each
Project Companys right, title and interest in and to the Project IP owned by IP is free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted
Liens.

Section 6.18Infringement;
No Adverse Proceedings.

(a)No
Borrower Party, nor its respective businesses, nor the development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, starting up, commissioning,
ownership, operation, use or maintenance of any Qualifying Project infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual
Property of any Person.

(b)No
Borrower Party has received any objection to, written notice of a challenge to the validity of, or any Adverse Proceeding past, present,
pending or to the Borrower Parties Knowledge, threatened, to which any Borrower Party is a party, and there is no written objection
(including any demand to make a license to Intellectual Property) against any Borrower Party: (i) alleging any infringement, misappropriation
or other violation of the Intellectual Property of any Person: (A) by any Borrower Party or (B) with respect to the development,
design, engineering, procurement, construction, starting up, commissioning, ownership, use or maintenance of any Qualifying Project;
or (ii) challenging the validity, enforceability, ownership or use of any Project IP owned by any Borrower Party. There are no facts
or circumstances that would be reasonably expected to give rise to any such Adverse Proceeding.

(c)To
the Borrower Parties Knowledge, no Person is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating any Project IP owned by any Borrower
Party. There is no Adverse Proceeding pending to which any Borrower Party is a party or, to the Borrower Parties Knowledge, threatened,
alleging any of the foregoing.

(d)The
Sponsor exclusively owns or (only in the case of Sponsor IP that is not core to Sponsors manufacturing and hydrogen production
activities) has a valid and enforceable license or right to use, all Sponsor IP. Sponsors right, title and interest in and to
the Sponsor IP is free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens.

59

Section 6.19No
Amendments to Transaction Documents. None of the Transaction Documents to which any Borrower
Entity is a party has been amended, modified or terminated, except in accordance with or as permitted by this Agreement or as disclosed
to DOE and consented to in writing by DOE.

Section 6.20Compliance
with Laws; Program Requirements.

(a)Except
as addressed in Section 6.20(b), each Borrower Party is in compliance in all material respects with, and has conducted and
is conducting its business in compliance in all material respects with, all Applicable Law and Required Approvals.

(b)Each
Borrower Party is in compliance in all respects with, and has conducted and is conducting its business in compliance in all respects
with, all Program Requirements, International Compliance Directives, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Debarment Regulations, the Davis
Bacon Act, the Cargo Preference Act of 1954, as amended, and all related implementing regulations with respect to CPA Goods, Executive
Order 11246 (Equal Employment Opportunity), its Organizational Documents and internal controls.

Section 6.21Investment
Company Act. No Borrower Entity is an investment company, or a company controlled
by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, or subject to regulation thereunder.

Section 6.22Margin
Stock. No part of the proceeds of any Advance, and no other extensions of credit under the
FFB Documents, will be used, directly or indirectly, to purchase or carry any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X
of the Board, or any regulations, interpretations or rulings thereunder, or for any purpose that violates any regulation of the Board.

Section 6.23Anti-Corruption
Laws.

(a)Each
Borrower Entity and its directors, officers and, to the Borrowers Knowledge, agents and employees, are, and have been, in compliance
with all Anti-Corruption Laws.

(b)There
are no Adverse Proceedings pending or, to the Borrower Entities Knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting any Borrower
Entity or their respective directors, officers or employees regarding any actual or alleged non-compliance with any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(c)No
Borrower Entity, nor its directors or officers nor, to the Borrower Entities Knowledge, agents or employees, has made, offered
or promised to make, provided or paid any unlawful contributions, entertainment or anything of value to any local or foreign official,
foreign political party or party official or any candidate for foreign political office:

(i)in
order to influence any act or decision of any foreign official, foreign political party, party official or candidate for foreign political
office in his or her official capacity, including a decision to fail to perform his or her official functions;

(ii)to
secure an unlawful or improper advantage; or

(iii)with
the intent to induce the recipient to misuse his or her official position to direct business wrongfully to any Borrower Entity or any
of its Affiliates or to any other Person, in violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Law.

60

Section 6.24Environmental
Laws.

(a)All
Required Approvals for each Qualifying Project relating to: (i) air emissions; (ii) discharges to land, surface water or ground
water; (iii) noise emissions; (iv) solid or liquid waste disposal; (v) the use, generation, storage, transportation or
disposal of Hazardous Substances or wastes; or (vi) otherwise required under applicable Environmental Law have been obtained, are
maintained and are final and Non-Appealable.

(b)No
Borrower Party has Knowledge of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in any Environmental Claim against
or affecting any Qualifying Project or Project Site or that is or could reasonably be expected to become material.

(c)Except
as set forth on Schedule 6.24 (Environmental Laws), there is not and has not been any condition, circumstance, action,
activity or event with respect to any Qualifying Project, Borrower Party, or Project Site that could reasonably form the basis of any
violation of any Environmental Law or that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in material harm
to environmental, health or safety matters. Each Borrower Party is and has been in material compliance with all applicable Environmental
Law.

(d)No
Borrower Party nor, to the Borrowers Knowledge, any other Person, has used, generated, manufactured, produced, stored, transported
or Released, on, from, under or into any Project Site or transported thereto or therefrom, any Hazardous Substances in any manner that
violates Applicable Law or violates the terms and conditions of a Required Approval and could reasonably be expected to: (i) form
the basis of an Environmental Claim; (ii) cause any Qualifying Project to be subject to any restrictions arising under Environmental
Laws; (iii) have a Material Adverse Effect; or (iv) result in material harm to the environment, health, or safety.

Section 6.25Employment
and Labor Contracts.

(a)As
of the Execution Date and each QP Approval Date:

(i)with
respect to each Qualifying Project, no Borrower Entity is or has been within the past two (2) years: (A) a party to or
bound by any collective bargaining or similar agreement with any union, labor organization or other bargaining agent; or (B) subject
to any labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages, requests for arbitration, grievance proceedings or union negotiations or organizational
efforts; and

(ii)to
the Borrowers Knowledge, with respect to each Qualifying Project, there has not been in the past three (3) years, any
organized effort or demand for recognition or certification or attempt to organize employees of any Borrower Entity by any labor organization.

(b)There
are no strikes, slowdowns or work stoppages ongoing or threatened in writing by the employees of any Borrower Entity or, to the
Borrowers Knowledge, any Major Project Participant that have caused or could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 6.26Davis-Bacon
Act.

(a)Each
Borrower Entity and each DBA Contract Party under each Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract have taken all necessary steps to comply with
and are in compliance (including retroactive compliance) with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements.

61

(b)For
each Qualifying Project as of its QP Approval Date, there are no Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contracts except for those listed in the DBA
Covered Contracts Schedule.

(c)If
and to the extent construction, alteration or repair (within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 5.5(a)) of a Qualifying Project began prior
to its QP Approval Date, the Borrower Parties have prior to such date, retroactively adjusted, and caused each DBA Contract Party to
retroactively adjust, the wages of each affected laborer and mechanic employed in the construction, alteration or repair of a Qualifying
Project prior to the such date, and paid or caused to be paid to each such laborer or mechanic such additional wages, if any, as were
necessary for such laborers and mechanics to have been paid at rates not less than those prevailing on similar work in the relevant locality
during the period such work was performed, as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with the Davis-Bacon Act wage determinations
attached to the DBA Wage Determinations Schedule.

Section 6.27ERISA.

(a)The
Borrower Parties and each of their ERISA Affiliates have operated the Employee Benefit Plans in compliance with their terms and with
all applicable provisions and requirements of the Code, ERISA and all other Applicable Laws and have performed all their respective obligations
under such plan.

(b)Each
Employee Benefit Plan has been determined by the IRS to be so qualified or is in the process of being submitted to the IRS for approval
or will be so submitted during the applicable remedial amendment period, and, nothing has occurred since the date of such determination
that would adversely affect such determination (or, in the case of an Employee Benefit Plan with no determination, nothing has occurred
that would materially adversely affect such qualification).

(c)There
exists no Unfunded Pension Liabilities with respect to Employee Benefit Plans in the aggregate, taking into account only Employee Benefit
Plans with positive Unfunded Pension Liabilities.

(d)There
are no Adverse Proceedings pending against or threatened involving an Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits)
or, any Borrower Party or any ERISA Affiliate, which would reasonably be expected to be asserted successfully against any Employee Benefit
Plan and, if so asserted successfully, would reasonably be expected, either singly or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)No
ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur.

(f)Except
to the extent required under Section 4980B of the Code or comparable state law, no Employee Benefit Plan provides health or welfare
benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Borrower Party or any ERISA Affiliate.

(g)The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder (or the exercise by DOE of its
rights under this Agreement) will not involve any non-exempt transaction that is subject to the prohibitions of Section 406 of ERISA
or in connection with which taxes could be imposed pursuant to Section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code.

(h)(i) The
assets of the Borrower Parties do not and will not constitute: (A) plan assets within the meaning of Section 3(42)
of ERISA and DOL Regulations set forth in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101; or (B) the assets of any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other
plan (Similar Law Plan); and (ii) transactions by or with the Borrower Parties are not and will not be subject
to state statutes applicable to the Borrower regulating investments of fiduciaries with respect to any Similar Law Plan.

62

(i)Neither
any Borrower Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has ceased operations at a facility so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4068(a) of
ERISA, withdrawn as a substantial employer so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4063 of ERISA or ceased making contributions
to any Employee Benefit Plan subject to Section 4064(a) of ERISA to which it made contributions.

(j)Neither
any Borrower Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any liability to PBGC save for any liability for
premiums due in the ordinary course or other liability which would not reasonably be expected to have, either singly or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.28Powers
of Attorney. No Borrower Party has granted any power of attorney or similar power to any
Person.

Section 6.29Sanctions
and Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(a)No
Borrower Entity or any of their Affiliates is a Prohibited Person, and each Borrower Party and their respective directors, officers and,
to the Borrowers Knowledge, agents or employees, are and have been in compliance with all Sanctions.

(b)No
Borrower Entity or any of their respective members, directors, officers, or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, agents or employees,
is a Prohibited Person.

(c)None
of the Collateral is owned, traded or used, directly or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, indirectly by a Prohibited Person or is located
or organized in a Prohibited Jurisdiction.

(d)Each
Borrower Entity, and their respective directors, officers and, to the Borrowers Knowledge, agents or employees, are and have been
in compliance with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(e)There
are no Adverse Proceedings pending or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened, against or affecting any Borrower Entity or their
respective directors, officers or employees regarding any actual or alleged non-compliance with any Sanctions or Anti-Money Laundering
Laws.

(f)The
Borrower has implemented, maintained, and at all times complied with policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance
by all Borrower Parties with all applicable International Compliance Directives and Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

Section 6.30Cargo
Preference Act. Each of the Borrower Entities (a) is in compliance with the Cargo Preference
Act of 1954, as amended, and all related implementing regulations with respect to all CPA Goods or (b)(i) have entered into a CPA
Compliance Agreement and have not received from MARAD notification to the effect that any Borrower Entity has failed to comply with a
CPA Compliance Agreement, (ii) a CPA Compliance Agreement has not been withdrawn and (iii) is otherwise in compliance with
any CPA Compliance Agreement.

63

Section 6.31Lobbying
Restriction. Each Borrower Party is in compliance with all requirements of 31 U.S.C. 
1352, as amended, including the requirement that no proceeds of the Advances be expended by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates to
pay any Person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any federal agency, a member of the U.S. Congress,
an officer or employee of the U.S. Congress, or an employee of a member of Congress in connection with the making of the Guaranteed Loan
or any other action described in 31 U.S.C. 1352(a)(2).

Section 6.32Federal
Funding. No application has been delivered by any Borrower Entity to, and no application
is pending review or approval by, any Governmental Authority for allocation of Federal Funding to a Qualifying Project (it being understood
that the applicable Borrower Entity may seek Investment Tax Credits).

Section 6.33No
Federal Debt Delinquency. No Borrower Entity has:

(a)any
judgment Lien against any of its Property for a debt owed to the United States or any other creditor, or

(b)any
Indebtedness (other than a debt under the Code) owed to the United States or any Governmental Authority thereof that is in delinquent
status, as the term delinquent status is defined in 31 C.F.R. 285.13(d), including any Tax liabilities (other than those
Tax liabilities contested in accordance with the Permitted Contest Conditions), except to the extent such delinquency has been resolved
with the appropriate Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law.

Section 6.34No
Tax-Exempt Indebtedness. Neither the Guaranteed Loan nor the Reimbursement Obligations finance,
either directly or indirectly, tax exempt debt obligations, consistent with the requirements of Section 149(b) of the Code.

Section 6.35Sufficient
Funds. With respect to each Qualifying Project the remaining Maximum QP Loan Amount (after
giving effect to any requested Advance), the remaining Equity Funding Commitment plus amounts on deposit in the Construction Account
and the Advance Proceeds Account, and, with respect to any date on which this representation is made which is an Advance Date, the amount
of the requested Advance are, collectively, sufficient to pay all remaining Project Costs (including any reasonably expected Cost Overruns)
in accordance with the then-applicable Construction Budgets and Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule and to achieve Physical Completion
by the Physical Completion Longstop Date, and Project Completion by the Project Completion Longstop Date.

Section 6.36Use
of Proceeds. The Borrower has used the proceeds of each Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(f) (Disbursement
of Proceeds) and the other terms and conditions of all applicable Financing Documents.

Section 6.37No
Immunity. No Borrower Entity nor any of its assets is entitled to immunity in any jurisdiction
in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced with respect to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

Section 6.38No
Fraudulent Intent. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Documents nor the performance of any actions required hereunder or thereunder is being undertaken by any Borrower Entity
with or as a result of any actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any entity to which any Borrower Entity is now or will hereafter
become indebted.

64

Section 6.39Disclosure.

(a)The
statements and information contained in the Financing Documents, taken together with all documents, reports or other written information
pertaining to each Qualifying Project and the Borrower Entities that have been furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower Entities to
DOE or any Secured Party Advisor from time to time, are true and correct in all material respects and do not contain any material misstatement
of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading at
the time they were made.

(b)There
are no facts, documents or agreements that have not been disclosed to DOE in writing that could reasonably be expected to be material
to DOEs decision to enter into this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or authorize any Advance or approve any
Qualifying Project or that could otherwise reasonably be expected to materially and adversely alter or affect any Qualifying Project.

Section 6.40Insurance.
All Required Insurance is in full force and effect with Acceptable Insurers.

Section 6.41Information
Technology; Cyber Security.

(a)The
information technology (including data communications systems, equipment and devices) used in the business of the Borrower Parties
(IT Systems) operates and performs in all material respects as necessary: (i) for the development, design,
engineering, procurement, construction, starting up, commissioning, ownership, operation or maintenance of each Qualifying Project; (ii) to
complete the activities designated to be completed for each Qualifying Project, or to achieve Project Completion; or (iii) to exercise
the Borrower Parties rights and perform their obligations under the Major Project Documents at the relevant time.

(b)The
Borrower has implemented and maintains, and has caused each other Borrower Party and Major Project Participant (as applicable) to implement
and maintain in connection with each Qualifying Project, commercially reasonable privacy, information security, cyber security, disaster
recovery, business continuity, data backup and incident response plans, policies and procedures consistent with industry standards (including
administrative, technical and physical safeguards) designed to protect: (i) Sensitive Information from any unauthorized, accidental,
or unlawful Processing or loss; (ii) each IT System from any unauthorized or unlawful access, acquisition, use, control, disruption,
destruction, or modification; and (iii) the integrity, security and availability of the Sensitive Information and IT Systems.

(c)Except
as set forth on Schedule 6.41 (Information Technology; Cyber Security), No Borrower Party, nor to the Borrowers
Knowledge, any Person that Processes Sensitive Information on behalf of any Borrower Party, has suffered any data breaches or other incidents
that have resulted in: (i) any unauthorized Processing of any Sensitive Information; or (ii) any unauthorized access to or
acquisition, use, control or disruption of or any corruption of any of the IT Systems owned or controlled by Borrower in any material
respect.

(d)Each
Borrower Party is in material compliance with: (i) all applicable Data Protection Laws; and (ii) all Contractual Obligations,
and all privacy notices and policies, binding on such Borrower Party related to the Processing of Personal Information.

(e)No
Borrower Party has received: (i) any written claims related to any unauthorized Processing (including any ransomware incident),
or any loss, theft, corruption, or other misuse of any Personal Information Processed by such Borrower Party; or (ii) any written
notice (including by any Governmental Authority) of any claims, investigations, or alleged violations relating to any Personal Information
Processed by such Borrower Party.

65

Section 6.42Certain
Events. No Default, Event of Default, Event of Force Majeure or Event of Loss has occurred
and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur.

Section 6.43No
Material Adverse Effect. Since May 14, 2024, no event (including any legal,
arbitral or other dispute review proceeding or any change in law) has occurred and is continuing that has or could reasonably be expected
to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.44Individual
Qualifying Project Representations and Warranties. Any additional representations and warranties
for any Qualifying Project identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or,
in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project), on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details).

Article VII

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS

The Borrower hereby agrees,
and each Project Company hereby agrees as to itself, that until the Release Date it shall (or shall cause) that:

Section 7.01Maintenance
of Existence; Property; Etc.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall preserve and maintain: (i) its legal existence; and (ii) all of its licenses, rights, privileges and franchise
materials to the conduct of its business including for each Project Company its Qualifying Project.

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall keep (or cause to be kept) all its Properties and IT Systems in good working order and condition to the extent necessary
to ensure that its business can be conducted properly and in compliance with all Applicable Laws, Required Approvals and its Organizational
Documents at all times.

(c)Except
as otherwise permitted hereunder, each Borrower Party shall preserve and maintain good and marketable title to or leasehold interest
in or rights to the Collateral and such rights to use each Project Site as are necessary to construct, operate and maintain its Qualifying
Project in accordance with the requirements of the Transaction Documents and the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, and shall, at
such Borrower Partys own expense, as applicable, take all actions to ensure that it has sufficient rights to its Project Site
as are necessary for the development, construction and operation its Qualifying Project as contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section 7.02Intellectual
Property.

(a)Maintenance
of Project IP. Each Borrower Party shall at all times: (i) acquire and maintain ownership of all Project IP then required; or
(ii) obtain and maintain its licenses or rights to use all Intellectual Property owned by any other Person necessary: (A) for
the relevant Qualifying Project (and prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date, the Limestone Project) or to achieve Project
Completion; and (B) to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under the Major Project Documents, in each case, as applicable
at the relevant time.

66

(b)Protection
of Project IP. Each Borrower Party shall take all commercially reasonable steps to: (i) protect, enforce, preserve and maintain
its rights, title or interests in and to its Project IP, including maintaining and pursuing any application, registration or issuance
for Project IP owned by such Borrower Party, which it, in its reasonable business judgment, believes should be maintained and pursued;
(ii) protect the secrecy and confidentiality of all confidential information and Trade Secrets included in the Project IP, or with
respect to which such Borrower Party, has any confidentiality obligation, including by requiring all current and former employees, consultants,
licensees, vendors and contractors to execute appropriate confidentiality agreements; and (iii) comply in all material respects
with the terms and conditions of the Project IP Agreements and any other agreement granting a license to the Project IP. If: (A) any
Project IP owned by a Borrower Party or licensed under any Project IP Agreement to a Borrower Party becomes, as applicable: (1) abandoned,
lapsed, dedicated to the public or placed in the public domain; (2) invalid or unenforceable; or (3) subject to any adverse
action or proceeding before any intellectual property office or registrar; and (B) the foregoing, individually or in the aggregate,
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, then, after the Borrower obtains Knowledge thereof, the Borrower
shall notify DOE thereof in accordance with Section 8.03 (Notices).

(c)Continued
Security Interest in Project IP. The Borrower Parties shall, promptly upon the reasonable request of DOE, execute (or procure the
execution of) and deliver to DOE any document and take all actions necessary to acknowledge, confirm, register, record or perfect DOEs
security interest in any part of the Project IP (including the filing of the IP Security Agreement with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, or the corresponding entities in any applicable jurisdiction), whether such interest
is now owned or hereafter acquired (whether by application, registration, purchase or otherwise).

(d)Protection
Against Infringement. In the event that the Borrower has Knowledge of any breach or violation of any of the terms or conditions of
any Project IP Agreement or that any material Project IP owned by any Borrower Party is infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated
by any Person, the Borrower shall: (a) take, or cause to be taken, actions or inactions that are, in the Borrowers reasonable
judgment, appropriate under the circumstances (taking into account Applicable Law with respect to such infringement, misappropriation
or other violation), and protect its rights in such Project IP; and (b) after the Borrower obtains Knowledge of such infringement,
misappropriation or other violation, notify DOE in accordance with Section 8.03 (Notices).

(e)Notice
of Alleged Infringement. In the event that the Borrower has Knowledge of any Adverse Proceeding alleging that any Borrower Party,
its respective businesses, or the development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, starting up, commissioning, ownership,
operation, use or maintenance of any Qualifying Project, is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property
of any Person, the Borrower shall: (i) take, or cause to be taken, such actions that are, in the Borrowers reasonable business
judgment, appropriate under the circumstances to avoid or avert a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) after the Borrower obtains Knowledge
thereof, report such notice or communication relating thereto to DOE in accordance with Section 8.03 (Notices).

(f)License
Grant. The Borrower hereby grants and shall cause each applicable Borrower Party and each licensor of Project IP under a Project
IP Agreement to grant or otherwise permit to grant to the Secured Parties a Secured Parties License.

(g)Source
Code Escrow. With respect to all Project Source Code, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each applicable Borrower Party to, at a
Borrower Partys cost and expense:

67

(i)no
later than the Execution Date and each QP Approval Date, and thereafter, upon execution of any Project IP Agreement containing Source
Code, enter into a Source Code escrow agreement for the benefit of the Secured Parties with an escrow agent approved by DOE containing:

(A)terms
and conditions (including release conditions, such conditions to include an unwillingness or inability to support or maintain the Software)
that are usual and customary for Source Code escrow arrangements satisfactory to DOE and the escrow agent; and

(B)the
grant to the Secured Parties by the Borrower Party or the third party that licenses Source Code to the Borrower, as applicable (effective
as of the Execution Date, QP Approval Date, or if acquired later, upon such acquisition date, but enforceable following the occurrence
of any release condition specified in the Source Code escrow agreement) of an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable,
fully paid-up and royalty-free right and license to Practice, compile and execute any and all Source Code and other materials placed
into escrow pursuant to clause (ii) below, solely for purposes of developing, designing, engineering, procuring, constructing,
starting up, commissioning, operating and maintaining each Qualifying Project and achieving Project Completion, as applicable; and

(ii)promptly
deposit in escrow (A) a complete, reproducible copy of all Project Source Code that is relevant to the applicable Qualifying Project,
or Project Completion, as applicable; and (B) all revisions, modifications and enhancements to such Project Source Code (including
updates, upgrades and corrections thereto, and derivative works thereof) as such revisions, modifications or enhancements are used in
or otherwise made available to a Qualifying Project, in each case, together with all such documentation or materials as are reasonably
required to exercise the rights granted in clause (B) above.

(h)Project
IP Agreement Terms. The Borrower shall ensure that each license agreement that constitutes a Project IP Agreement grants to the applicable
Borrower Party: (i) a direct, and transferable or sublicensable license; or (ii) an irrevocable, perpetual, and transferable
or sublicensable sublicense, to Project IP that is owned by any other Borrower Entity or that is either critical to (or otherwise inextricably
embedded in) a Qualifying Project or not readily replaceable; provided, that with respect to Borrower Entity owned Project IP,
each license and sublicense is fully paid-up and royalty-free for the Borrower Parties.

Section 7.03Insurance.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall obtain, maintain and comply with (or cause to be obtained, maintained and complied with) the Required Insurance
at all times and in all respects, and shall keep its present and future properties insured as required by, and in accordance with the
insurance requirements set forth in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project, or in the
case of the Initial Qualifying Project, Schedule 7.03 (Limestone Insurance).

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall pursue any contractual remedies to cause other Persons required to provide Required Insurance, including any Major
Project Participant, to obtain and maintain such Required Insurance and as otherwise required in the respective Major Project Documents.

68

Section 7.04Event
of Loss.

(a)If
any Event of Loss shall occur with respect to a Project or any part thereof, the Borrower shall promptly deliver notice thereof to DOE
and:

(i)diligently
pursue all of its rights to compensation against all relevant insurers, reinsurers and Governmental Authorities, as applicable, in respect
of such event;

(ii)compromise
or settle any claim with respect to any Event of Loss involving an amount in excess of three million Dollars ($3,000,000) (such
Event of Loss, a Threshold Event of Loss), per claim only upon prior written consent of DOE; and

(iii)pay
or apply the Net Amount of all Loss Proceeds stemming from such event in accordance with this Section 7.04 (Event of Loss)
including, to the extent required in this Section 7.04 (Event of Loss), for prepayments in accordance with Section 3.05(c)(i)(B) (Mandatory
Prepayments).

(b)Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Loss, Loss Proceeds shall be promptly deposited into, or credited to the Loss Proceeds Account. Each Borrower
Party shall, in advance, direct the relevant insurers, reinsurers and Governmental Authorities, as applicable, to pay Loss Proceeds directly
to the Collateral Agent as loss payee for deposit to the Loss Proceeds Account (and subject to the use of such proceeds by the Borrower
Parties in accordance with this Section 7.04 (Event of Loss)). If Loss Proceeds are paid to any Borrower Party, such
Loss Proceeds shall be received in trust, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall be segregated from other funds of the Borrower
Party, and shall be forthwith paid over to the Collateral Agent in the same form as received (with any necessary endorsement) for deposit
to the Loss Proceeds Account.

(c)Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Loss, the Borrower and applicable Project Company shall promptly repair or remediate such loss and cause
Loss Proceeds associated with the loss to be applied to the payment or reimbursement of the costs of repair or restoration of the portion
of a Qualifying Project lost or damaged if and to the extent required in clauses (d), (e) or (f), as applicable,
of this Section 7.04 (Event of Loss); provided, that in each case, DOE shall have: (i) received from the
Borrower a summary of the relevant Event of Loss, the basis for the Borrowers decision to repair or remediate and a remediation
plan; and (ii) approved such remediation plan.

(d)With
respect to the Net Amount of any Loss Proceeds not from a Threshold Event of Loss, the Borrower shall apply, or cause to be applied,
such amounts within ninety (90) days (or, on the condition that the Borrower has delivered to the Collateral Agent a plan satisfactory
to DOE for completing the repair or replacement of the affected assets within the first ninety (90) days and diligently pursues
implementation of that plan, a total of one hundred eighty (180) days) toward the repair or replacement of the affected assets
except to the extent that the failure to use all or a portion of such proceeds toward repair or replacement would not reasonably be expected,
to: (i) reduce the annualized production capacity of such Qualifying Project; or (ii) to increase the O&M Expenses with
respect to such Qualifying Project, such amounts may be transferred to the Revenue Account on the next Payment Date for application in
accordance with the applicable Accounts Agreement, and DOE has received evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to it, of the foregoing.

(e)With
respect to the Net Amount of any Loss Proceeds from a Threshold Event of Loss, the Borrower and applicable Project Company shall undertake
the relevant repairs and restoration, and apply the amounts from the Loss Proceeds Account to pay the costs of the relevant repairs and
restoration if, and only if, DOE determines, after consultation with the Independent Engineer, that:

69

(i)repair
or replacement of the relevant portion of the Qualifying Project is technically and economically feasible; and

(ii)the
Borrower and applicable Project Company are in compliance with such other conditions and requirements as DOE shall consider appropriate
in the circumstances.

(f)In
respect of any Event of Loss that: (i) is not a Threshold Event of Loss; or (ii) is a Threshold Event of Loss for which DOE
has consented to the repair and restoration in accordance with clause (c) above, the Borrower shall, on or before the
tenth (10th) Business Day of each month until such restoration and repair has been completed and the contractors performing
such restoration or repair work have been paid in full, deliver to the Collateral Agent and DOE the following:

(i)a
detailed summary of the work performed in connection with any such restoration or repair during the preceding month and the itemized
expenses that are then due and payable, together with copies of all invoices, conditional (upon payment only) lien waivers from the contractors
performing such restoration or repair work and other information and documents reasonably requested by DOE with respect to such restoration
or repair work; and

(ii)a
Funds Withdrawal/Transfer Certificate directing the Collateral Agent to disburse to the contractors performing such restoration or repair
work amounts constituting Loss Proceeds on deposit in the Loss Proceeds Account in the respective amounts then due and payable to such
contractors or to the applicable Project Companys Revenue Account as reimbursement of such amounts, to the extent the Project
Company has paid such amounts previously due and owing to the contractors performing such restoration or repair work.

(g)Upon
the completion of any such restoration and repair work (as validated in writing by the Independent Engineer), or if restoration and repair
work is not undertaken pursuant to this Section 7.04 (Event of Loss), and to the extent that the Borrower has not
delivered a Prepayment Election Notice in accordance with Section 3.05(c) (Mandatory Prepayments), DOE shall
be entitled to instruct the Collateral Agent to apply any amounts constituting Loss Proceeds on deposit in the Loss Proceeds Account
to the prepayment of the Advances on the second (2nd) Business Day following receipt of such instructions, in accordance with
Section 3.05(c) (Mandatory Prepayments).

Section 7.05Further
Assurances; Creation and Perfection of Security Interests.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall execute and deliver, from time to time, as reasonably requested by DOE or the Collateral Agent at the Borrowers
expense, such other documents as shall be necessary or advisable or that DOE and the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in connection
with the rights and remedies of DOE and the Collateral Agent granted or provided for by the Transaction Documents and to consummate the
transactions contemplated therein.

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall, at its own expense, take all actions that have been or shall be requested by DOE, the Collateral Agent or that
the Borrower knows are necessary to establish, maintain, protect, perfect and continue the perfection of the First Priority (subject
to Permitted Liens) security interests of the Secured Parties created by the Security Documents in all assets relating in any manner
to each Qualifying Project (or prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date, the Limestone Project) and shall furnish timely
notice of the necessity of any such action, together with such instruments, in execution form, and such other information as may be required
or reasonably requested to enable any appropriate Secured Party to effect any such action; provided, that prior to the Limestone
Projects QP Approval Date, each such Borrower Party shall only be required to take such action and furnish notice thereof and
such instruments therewith in connection with the security interests of the Secured Parties created by the Security Documents delivered
to DOE on the Execution Date.

70

(c)Each
Project Company shall, at its own expense, take all actions that have been or shall be requested by DOE, the Collateral Agent or that
the Project Company knows are necessary to establish, maintain, protect, perfect and continue the perfection of the security interests
of the Project Company created by the Truck Agreements in the Collateral (under and as defined in each Truck Agreement).

Section 7.06Diligent
Construction of Project; Approved Construction Changes.

(a)The
Borrower and applicable Project Company shall use its best efforts to cause: (i) with respect to such Project Companys Qualifying
Project, Physical Completion Date to occur on or prior to the Scheduled Physical Completion Date; and (ii) with respect to
such Project Companys Qualifying Project, Project Completion Date to occur on or prior to the Scheduled Project Completion Date,
in each case, within the Construction Budget.

(b)The
Borrower and applicable Project Company shall construct and complete, or cause to be constructed and completed, such Project Companys
Qualifying Project diligently in accordance with the Major Project Documents and the other Transaction Documents, all Required Approvals,
the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule and the Construction Budget, in each case, for such Qualifying Project.

(c)The
Borrower shall cause all Approved Construction Changes for a Qualifying Project to be described in the Construction Progress Report of
such Qualifying Project and, where applicable, reflected in revised versions of the Project Budgets and Plans, as applicable, and delivered
to DOE in accordance with the terms hereof.

Section 7.07Contractual
Remedies.

(a)Except
as addressed in Section 7.07(b), each Borrower Party shall diligently pursue all contractual remedies available to it to
cause each Major Project Participant to comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws that are applicable to the activities
that such Major Project Participant carries out under the Major Project Documents to which it is party;

(b)each
Borrower Party shall diligently pursue all contractual remedies available to it to cause each Major Project Participant to comply in
all respects with all Program Requirements, International Compliance Directives, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Debarment Regulations,
the Davis Bacon Act, the Cargo Preference Act of 1954, as amended, and all related implementing regulations with respect to CPA Goods
and Executive Order 11246 (Equal Employment Opportunity), in each case that are applicable to the activities that such Major Project
Participant carries out under the Major Project Documents to which it is party; and

(c)each
Borrower Party shall procure, maintain and comply in all material respects with all Required Approvals that are required for such Borrower
Party to perform its obligations under the Major Project Documents to which it is a party.

71

Section 7.08Taxes,
Duties, Expenses and Liabilities.

(a)The
Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid on or before the date payment is due: (i) all Taxes (including stamp taxes), Secured Party
Expenses, or other fees payable on or in connection with the execution, issue, delivery, registration, or notarization, or for the legality,
validity, or enforceability, of the Transaction Documents (other than those Taxes that it is contesting in accordance with the Permitted
Contest Conditions and Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment by FFB); provided, that the Borrower shall promptly pay or
cause to be paid any valid, final judgment rendered upon the conclusion of any relevant Adverse Proceeding enforcing any Tax and cause
it to be satisfied of record; and (ii) all claims, levies or liabilities (including claims for labor, services, materials and supplies)
for sums that have become due and payable and that have or, if unpaid, could reasonably be expected to become a Lien (other than a Permitted
Lien) upon the property of any Borrower Party (or any part thereof).

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall file all tax returns required by Applicable Laws to be filed by it and shall pay or cause to be paid on or before
the date payment is due: (i) all income Taxes required to be paid by any Borrower Party; and (ii) all other material Taxes
and assessments required to be paid by any Borrower Party (other than those Taxes that it contests in accordance with the Permitted
Contest Conditions).

(c)Each
Borrower Party acknowledges and agrees, and shall cause each of the Sponsor and the Direct Parent to acknowledge and agree, that DOEs
execution and delivery of this Agreement, including the determination by DOE as to whether, with respect to any Qualifying Project, Project
Costs are Eligible Project Costs, (i) does not prejudice or otherwise have any binding effect with regard to any determination by
the Internal Revenue Service, the United States Department of Treasury, or a court of law as to the tax basis of any Qualifying Project
or any part thereof under the Code and (ii) does not constitute a determination regarding, and is unrelated to whether such Person
or the Qualifying Project has complied or will comply with, Federal tax law. The Borrower Party acknowledges and agrees, and shall cause
the Sponsor and the Direct Parent to agree, that such Person shall not use DOEs execution and delivery of this Agreement, or documents
generated by DOE during its consideration of the Application, to demonstrate or prove it complied with the requirements to claim a tax
credit or other amount under the Internal Revenue Code in an administrative or judicial proceeding.

(d)Each
Borrower Party shall remain a disregarded entity within the meaning of United States Department of the Treasury regulation
section 301.7701-3 for United States federal income Tax purposes.

Section 7.09Performance
of Obligations.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall perform and observe all of its covenants and obligations contained in any Financing Document.

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall perform and observe in all material respects its covenants and obligations contained in any Required Approval or
any Major Project Document (other than the Limestone EPC prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date; provided, that
any failure by Limestone to perform and observe in all material respects its covenants and obligations contained in the Limestone EPC
prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date shall be cured or waived by the time the Limestone Project becomes a Qualifying
Project).

(c)Each
Borrower Party shall take all reasonable and necessary action to prevent the termination, suspension or cancellation of any Financing
Document, any Required Approval or any Project Document (except with respect to any Project Document that is not a Major Project Document,
except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), except for: (i) the
expiration of any Financing Document, any Required Approval or any Project Document in accordance with its terms and not as a result
of a breach or default thereunder; (ii) the termination or cancellation of any Project Document that such Borrower Party replaces
as permitted herein; and (iii) prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date, the termination or cancellation of the Amazon
Agreement.

72

(d)Each
Borrower Party shall enforce against the relevant Project Participant in accordance with its terms each material covenant or obligation
under each Project Document to which such Project Participant is a party (with respect to any Project Document that is not a Major
Project Document, except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect).

Section 7.10Use
of Proceeds. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of each Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(f) (Disbursement
of Proceeds) and the other terms and conditions of all applicable Financing Documents and not in contravention of any Applicable
Law, Transaction Document or Governmental Approval. Neither DOE nor FFB shall have any responsibility as to the use of any proceeds of
any Advance.

Section 7.11Books,
Records and Inspections.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall:

(i)keep
proper records and books of account in which full, true and correct entries in accordance with the Designated Standard and all Applicable
Laws are made in respect of all dealing and transactions relating to the business and activities of each Borrower Party;

(ii)maintain
adequate internal controls, reporting systems, IT Systems and cost control systems that are designed to ensure that each Borrower
Party satisfies its obligations under the Financing Documents and:

(A)for
overseeing the financial operations of each Borrower Party, including its cash management, accounting and financial reporting;

(B)for
overseeing the Borrowers and any applicable Project Companys relationship with DOE and the Independent Auditor;

(C)for
promptly identifying any Cost Overruns;

(D)for
maintaining such records as are necessary to facilitate an effective and accurate audit and performance evaluation of each Qualifying
Project as required by the Program Requirements; and

(E)for
compliance with securities, corporate and other Applicable Law regarding adoption of a code of ethics and auditor independence; and

(iii)record,
store, maintain, and operate its records, systems, controls, data and information using means (including any electronic, mechanical or
photographic process, whether computerized or not) that are under its exclusive ownership and direct control (including all means of
access thereto and therefrom).

(b)The
Borrower Parties shall:

(i)consult
and cooperate with Secured Parties and the Secured Party Advisors regarding each Qualifying Project upon DOEs request;

73

(ii)permit
officers and designated representatives of Secured Parties, any agent of any of the foregoing, and the Secured Party Advisors to visit
and inspect each Qualifying Project and any other facilities and properties of the Borrower Parties, subject to such Borrower Partys
reasonable health, safety and security procedures to the extent such procedures are generally applicable to all visitors, and, so long
as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, during customary business hours;

(iii)provide
to officers and designated representatives of Secured Parties, any agent of any of the foregoing, the Comptroller General and the Secured
Party Advisors: (A) access to any pertinent books, documents, papers and records of any Borrower Party for the purpose of audit,
examination, inspection and monitoring upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours, to examine and discuss
the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower Parties with the representatives of the Borrower Parties; and (B) such access
rights as required by the Program Requirements, including access to each Qualifying Project and ancillary facilities (and allowing the
officers and designated representatives of the Secured Parties and the Comptroller General to discuss each Borrower Partys and
each of its subsidiaries affairs, finances and accounts with the Borrower Partys officers) for the purpose of monitoring
the performance of each Qualifying Project;

(iv)afford
proper facilities for such inspections, and make copies (at the Borrowers expense) of any records that are subject to such inspection;
and

(v)subject
to the Borrowers protection of confidential information and Trade Secrets described in Section 7.02(b) (Protection
of Project IP), make available all information related to each Qualifying Project, including all patents, technology and proprietary
rights owned or controlled by, or licensed to, the Borrower Parties and utilized in the development, design, engineering, procurement,
construction, starting up, commissioning, operation or maintenance of each Project, as may be reasonably necessary in order to determine
the technical progress, soundness of financial condition, management stability, adequacy of staffing levels, compliance with Environmental
Law, adequacy of health and safety conditions and all other matters with respect to each Project.

(c)Each
Borrower Party shall:

(i)authorize
the Independent Auditor to communicate directly with DOE, FFB and the Comptroller General at any time regarding and the Borrower Parties
accounts and operations relating thereto; and

(ii)in
the event that the Independent Auditor should cease to be the accountants of any Borrower Party for any reason, promptly, but in any
event no later than five (5) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, notify DOE of such change in the Independent Auditor
and the reason therefor, and the Borrower Party shall appoint and maintain another firm of independent public accountants that satisfy
the conditions set forth herein to qualify as the Independent Auditor.

(d)Each
Borrower Party shall disclose in writing to its outside auditors and audit committee and shall promptly, but in any event no later than
five (5) Business Days, provide copies thereof to DOE of:

(i)any
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting that are reasonably
likely to adversely affect its ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

74

(ii)any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in its internal controls over
financial reporting.

(e)The
Borrower shall promptly provide copies to DOE of any management letter or other material communication sent by the Independent Auditor
(or any other accountants retained by any Borrower Party) to any Borrower Party in relation to the financial, accounting, management
information or other systems, policies, management or accounts of any Borrower Party.

(f)The
Borrower Parties shall retain all records relating to expenditures incurred with respect to the Qualifying Projects with respect to which
Advances were made until the later of: (i) the date that is five (5) years after the Advance was made with respect
to such expenditure; and (ii) the Project Completion Longstop Date.

Section 7.12Compliance
with Applicable Law.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall comply with, and conduct its business, operations, assets, equipment, property, leaseholds, and other facilities
in compliance with all Environmental Laws and all other Applicable Laws.

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall comply with all applicable requirements of all Anti-Money Laundering Law and maintain proper operating and credit
policies and procedures (including know your customer and anti-money laundering policies) to ensure, inter alia,
proper credit, risk and conflicts of interest management in connection therewith.

(c)Each
Borrower Party shall maintain compliance with all CFIUS requirements and shall prepare and file, or cause the preparation and filing
of, a CFIUS declaration or notice at any such time as CFIUS invites or directs such Borrower Party to do so.

(d)Each
Borrower Party shall procure all relevant Required Approvals at or prior to such time as they are required or necessary, maintain such
Required Approvals, and comply with all Required Approvals.

(e)Each
Borrower Party shall ensure that its Qualifying Project is operated in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and in a manner
that would not pose a hazard to public health or safety (including worker safety) or to the environment.

Section 7.13Compliance
with Program Requirements. The Borrower Parties shall comply with all Program Requirements
in connection with the Qualifying Projects.

Section 7.14Accounts;
Cash Deposits.

(a)The
Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, in full force and effect each of the Project Accounts and amounts on deposit therein
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Accounts Agreement and relevant Financing Documents.

(b)The
Borrower Parties shall instruct each Person remitting cash to or for the account of any Borrower Party to deposit such cash in accordance
with the terms of the applicable Accounts Agreement.

75

(c)The
Borrower Parties shall remit any amounts received by or on behalf of any Borrower Party (i) from any Affiliate, or (ii) from
any third parties, in each case to the Collateral Agent for deposit in accordance with the terms of the applicable Accounts Agreement.

Section 7.15Know
Your Customer Information. Each Borrower Party shall provide DOE any information reasonably
requested by DOE under or in connection with International Compliance Directives and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including in connection
with entry into any Additional Project Documents.

Section 7.16Davis-Bacon
Act.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall comply (and shall ensure that each DBA Contract Party complies) with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements.

(b)Each
Borrower Party shall maintain an Electronic Certified Payroll System accessible to DOE and the Borrower Party shall systematically review
the certified weekly payroll records that the Borrower Party maintains for its own laborers and mechanics (if any) and those that it
receives for the laborers and mechanics of any other Borrower Entity and DBA Contract Party.

(c)The
Borrower shall designate and identify to DOE a point of contact who will be responsible for ensuring compliance with the Davis-Bacon
Act Requirements. This person will provide to DOE any information reasonably requested in support of DOEs Davis-Bacon Act compliance
monitoring efforts. The Borrower shall notify DOE in writing regarding a change to this contact person.

(d)The
Borrower shall promptly notify DOE in writing when it or any other Borrower Party receives any complaint related to non-compliance with
the Davis-Bacon Act, or discovers in the course of its systematic review of the certified payroll records an incident that the Borrower
reasonably believes to be a case of such non-compliance and which, in each case, the Borrower cannot resolve on its own, and shall forward
to DOE (i) the complaint or a written summary of the non-compliant incident; (ii) a summary of the Borrowers investigation
into such complaint or such incident; and (iii) the relevant certified payroll records.

(e)Certified
payroll records maintained by the Borrower Parties shall be preserved for three (3) years after completion of work. The Borrower
Parties shall make such records available to DOE and DOL when necessary, and upon request, for purposes of an investigation or audit
of compliance with prevailing wage requirements. Certified payroll records maintained by the Borrower Parties shall be considered United
States federal government records for the purposes of the Freedom of Information Act, 42 U.S.C. 552. The Borrower Parties shall
provide such records to DOE within five (5) Business Days of receipt of any request for such records from DOE.

(f)The
Borrower Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each DBA Compliance Matter Contractor to cure each applicable DBA
Compliance Matter. Such efforts may be suspended while a DBA Compliance Matter Contractor is, in good faith, appealing a DOL determination
of non-compliance.

(g)Within
ten (10) Business Days after the end of each month prior to the resolution of any DBA Compliance Matter that has been fully
cured to the satisfaction of DOL or otherwise finally resolved favorably to the Borrower or DBA Contract Party, the Borrower shall either:

(i)notify
DOE of the specific details of each DBA Compliance Matter that has not been so cured or finally resolved, and describe the commercially
reasonable efforts that it and the applicable DBA Compliance Matter Contractor have taken to cause the DBA Compliance Matter Contractor
to comply with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements that are the subject of such dispute, or

76

(ii)notify
DOE that the applicable DBA Compliance Matter Contractor has appealed, and is diligently prosecuting such appeal, in good faith DOLs
determination that the DBA Compliance Matter Contractor has failed to comply with the Davis-Bacon Act Requirements giving rise to such
DBA Compliance Matter.

Section 7.17Lobbying
Restriction. The Borrower Parties shall comply with all requirements of 31 U.S.C. 
1352, as amended, including the requirement that no proceeds of any Advance be expended by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates to pay
any Person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any federal agency, a member of the U.S. Congress, an
officer or employee of the U.S. Congress, or an employee of a member of Congress in connection with the making of the Guaranteed Loan
or any other action described in 31 U.S.C. 1352(a)(2).

Section 7.18Cargo
Preference Act.

(a)The
Borrower Parties shall comply with the Cargo Preference Act of 1954, as amended, and all related implementing regulations with respect
to CPA Goods, unless it has reached an agreement with MARAD with respect to such compliance, in which case it shall comply with such
agreement.

(b)Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and unless a Borrower Entity entered into a CPA Compliance Agreement excusing it from the following
obligations or otherwise providing for its compliance with the Cargo Preference of 1954, as amended, the applicable Borrower Entity shall:

(i)deliver
to the Division of National Cargo, Office of Market Development, Maritime Administration, Washington, DC 20590 (x) in the case of
shipments originating outside of the United States, within thirty (30) working days (as such term is used in 46 C.F.R. 381.7)
or (y) in the case of shipments originating within the United States, within twenty (20) days, in each case, following
the date of loading any CPA Goods, a legible copy of a rated, on-board commercial ocean bill-of-lading in English for each
shipment of CPA Goods; and

(ii)ensure
all agreements whereby any Borrower Party procures, contracts for, or otherwise obtains CPA Goods provide for (x) compliance with
the Cargo Preference Act of 1954, as amended, and all related implementing regulations with respect to CPA Goods/the utilization of privately
owned United States-flag commercial vessels to ship at least fifty percent (50.0%) of the gross tonnage (computed separately for
dry bulk carriers, dry cargo liners, and tankers) involved to the extent such vessels are available at fair and reasonable rates for
United States-flag commercial vessels and (y) delivery of the necessary shipment information as set forth in clause (b)(i) above.

Section 7.19SAM
Registration. The Borrower shall maintain its SAM database registration at all times.

Section 7.20ERISA.

(a)The
Borrower Parties shall, and shall cause their ERISA Affiliates to, maintain all Employee Benefit Plans that are presently in existence
or may, from time to time, come into existence, in compliance with terms of any such Employee Benefit Plan, ERISA, the Code and all other
Applicable Laws; and

77

(b)The
Borrower Parties shall, and shall cause their ERISA Affiliates to, make or cause to be made contributions to all Employee Benefit Plans
in a timely manner and, with respect to Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans, in a sufficient amount to comply with the requirements
of Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA and Sections 412 and 430 of the Code.

Section 7.21Financial
Covenants. As of each Calculation Date commencing after the Commercial Operations Date of
each Qualifying Project, the Borrower shall maintain: (i) a Historical Debt Service Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.00:1.00; and
(ii) a Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio (for each applicable calculation period up to (and including) the Maturity Date) of
at least 1.00:1.00, in each case measured for each Qualifying Project individually; provided, however, failure to maintain
a Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least 1.00:1.00 shall not constitute an Event of Default; provided, that (x) the
Borrower delivers to DOE within thirty (30) days of the applicable Calculation Date a remediation plan acceptable to DOE setting
forth proposed steps to be taken by the Borrower to improve the Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio and together with each monthly
certificate and report delivered pursuant to Section 8.02(d) (Reports Monthly Certificate), reports setting
out the Borrowers implementation of the remediation plan and (y) the Borrower and the Sponsor make relevant company representatives
and outside advisors available to meet and confer with DOE, the Independent Engineer, Financial Advisor, and the other Secured Party
Advisors, as applicable, on the contents of the remediation plan.

Section 7.22Public
Announcements. The Borrower shall coordinate with DOE with respect to:

(a)any
public announcements related to the Guaranteed Loan;

(b)any
public announcements by any Borrower Entity in connection with material developments in respect of any Qualifying Project (including
the ground-breaking ceremony, the Qualifying Project going into operation, etc.); and

(c)the
public announcement of satisfaction of any Project Milestones provided, that this covenant shall not restrict announcements by
Borrower Entities that:

(i)are
required by Applicable Law or national stock exchange rules; or

(ii)are
routinely made to Governmental Authorities.

Section 7.23Bankruptcy
Remoteness. Each Borrower Party shall ensure that it remains a bankruptcy-remote, single-purpose
entity at all times.

Section 7.24Prohibited
Persons. If any Principal Person of any Borrower Entity becomes (whether through a Transfer
or otherwise) a Prohibited Person, such Borrower Entity shall remove or replace such Principal Person with a person or entity reasonably
acceptable to DOE within thirty (30) days from the date that such Borrower Entity knew or should have known that such Principal
Person became a Prohibited Person.

(a)If
any Major Project Participant or any of their respective Principal Persons becomes (whether through a transfer or otherwise) a Prohibited
Person, within thirty (30) days of obtaining actual knowledge that such Person has become a Prohibited Person, the Borrower
shall engage and continue to engage in good faith discussions with DOE regarding the removal or replacement of such Person or, if such
removal or replacement is not reasonably feasible, the implementation of other mitigation measures acceptable to DOE.

78

(b)The
internal management and accounting practices and controls of each Borrower Entity shall at all times be adequate to ensure that such
Borrower Entity and each Principal Person thereof: (i) does not become a Prohibited Person; and (ii) complies with all applicable
International Compliance Directives.

Section 7.25International
Compliance Directives.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall comply with all International Compliance Directives.

(b)If
any Principal Person of any Borrower Party fails to comply with any International Compliance Directive, such Borrower Party shall remove
or replace such Principal Person with a person or entity reasonably acceptable to DOE within thirty (30) days from the date
that such Borrower Party knew or should have known of such violation; provided, that, in the case where a Principal Person fails
to comply with any International Compliance Directive, such removal or replacement by such Borrower Party pursuant to this Section 7.25(b) (International
Compliance Directives) shall occur only to the extent permitted by applicable Sanctions or otherwise authorized by OFAC.

(c)If
any Major Project Participant or any of their respective Principal Persons fails to comply with any applicable International Compliance
Directive, the Borrower shall, within thirty (30) days of obtaining actual knowledge that such Person has so failed to comply,
engage and continue to engage in good faith discussions with DOE regarding the removal or replacement of such Person or, if such removal
or replacement is not reasonably feasible, the implementation of other mitigation measures acceptable to DOE.

Section 7.26Operating
Plan; Operations.

(a)The
Borrower shall cause each Qualifying Project, or such portions of any Qualifying Project that have begun commercial operations, to operate
in all material respects pursuant to the Operating Plan then in effect. The Borrower Parties shall conduct the operations of each Qualifying
Project in accordance, in all material respects, with the Financing Documents and the Major Project Documents, the Operating Plan, the
O&M Budget, Applicable Law, Required Approvals, and Prudent Industry Practice.

(b)Each
Project Company shall own, maintain, repair and replace (or cause to be owned, maintained, repaired and replaced) all equipment, spare
parts, and inventory reasonably necessary for the operation and maintenance of its Qualifying Project in all material respects in accordance
with the Financing Documents and the Major Project Documents, the Operating Plan, Applicable Law, Required Approvals and Prudent Industry
Practice.

(c)Each
Project Company shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, at each Project Site a complete set of plans and specifications for its Qualifying
Project.

Section 7.27O&M
Budget.

(a)Submission
and Approval of O&M Budget.

(i)No
later than (A) ninety (90) days prior to the achievement of the Substantial Completion Date for each Qualifying Project;
and (B) sixty (60) days prior to the beginning of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, the Borrower shall prepare and submit
for approval to DOE, with a copy to the Independent Engineer, the proposed O&M Budget for each Qualifying Project for the succeeding
Fiscal Year. Each such proposed O&M Budget shall be consistent with the Base Case Financial Model being submitted concurrently to
DOE for approval in accordance with Section 8.02(a) (Omnibus Annual Reports) and shall be accompanied by a certification
of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower that, to the best of such Responsible Officers Knowledge, such proposed O&M Budget
is a reasonable estimate for the period covered thereby and is in compliance with the requirements of this Section 7.27 (O&M
Budget). DOE shall approve or reject in writing all or any portion of a proposed O&M Budget. If DOE does not approve all or portions
of an O&M Budget, DOE shall advise the Borrower of the items that are rejected and the reason or reasons therefor.

79

(ii)Each
proposed O&M Budget approved by DOE (other than the initial O&M Budget delivered for each Qualifying Project pursuant to clause (a)(i)(A) above)
shall become effective on the later of (A) the first (1st) day of the relevant Fiscal Year; and (B) the date DOE
advises the Borrower that DOE has approved such O&M Budget.

(iii)If
any part of a proposed O&M Budget is rejected, the Borrower Parties shall comply with all approved items of such O&M Budget.
With respect to those items of any O&M Budget that are not approved, the Borrower and DOE shall continue to consult regarding such
items in good faith, during which time the O&M Budget for the preceding Fiscal Year related to such items shall be applicable and
shall for all purposes of this Agreement be deemed to be part of the approved O&M Budget for the preceding Fiscal Year until such
time as such items for the current Fiscal Year have been approved in writing by DOE.

(iv)Each
proposed O&M Budget submitted pursuant to this Section 7.27 (O&M Budget) shall:

(A)be
prepared in good faith on the basis of all facts and circumstances then existing and known to the Borrower, and assumptions that the
Borrower believes to be reasonable as to all factual and legal matters material to such estimates (which shall be set forth in reasonable
detail in the O&M Budget), and reflect the Borrowers best estimate of the future revenues and expenditures to be received
or incurred by the Borrower;

(B)be
based on the same format and maintained substantially on the same basis as, and provide sufficient detail to permit a meaningful comparison
to, the O&M Budgets for the previous Fiscal Years; and

(C)include
the following:

(1)for
each Qualifying Project, fair and good faith reasonable estimates of Operating Revenues, O&M Expenses (on an individual line-item
basis), Debt Service and Capital Expenditures for each period covered by such O&M Budget;

(2)for
each Qualifying Project, a summary of such Qualifying Projects major maintenance schedule to the end of the then-current
long-term major maintenance cycle (and related scheduled outages), and the Borrowers fair and good faith reasonable estimates
of any Capital Expenditures during such maintenance cycle, or that are otherwise expected to be incurred in the succeeding ten (10) years,
and the envisioned effect of any contemplated major maintenance activities or Capital Expenditures on the Qualifying Projects
operations, which shall be consistent with the Base Case Financial Model being submitted concurrently to DOE for approval in accordance
with Section 8.02(a) (Omnibus Annual Reports); and

80

(3)such
other information as may be reasonably requested by DOE.

(b)Amendments
to O&M Budget. If at any time during any Fiscal Year, O&M Expenses to be paid during the balance of such Fiscal Year exceed
or could reasonably be expected to exceed the limitations set forth in Section 9.07(d) (Approved Construction Changes;
Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule; Project Budgets) the Borrower shall deliver a proposed amendment to the then-current O&M
Budget to DOE and the Independent Engineer describing the purpose of such amendment and certifying that such amendment is reasonably
necessary or advisable for the operation and maintenance of the applicable Qualifying Project. Such proposed amendment shall become effective
on the date approved by DOE and, until such proposed amendment is approved, the Borrower shall comply with the approved O&M Budget
(subject to the allowance provisions in Section 9.07(d) (Approved Construction Changes; Qualifying Project Milestone
Schedule; Project Budgets)) until the proposed amendment is approved by DOE.

Section 7.28Acceptance
and Start-up Testing.

(a)The
Borrower and each Project Company shall consult with and provide, or cause to be provided, reasonable notice to DOE and the Independent
Engineer regarding provisions related to start-up and testing of any Qualifying Project and equipment pursuant to the Construction Contracts
and the Operating Contracts.

(b)The
Borrower and each Project Company shall provide the Independent Engineer with the opportunity to observe the start-up and testing of
each Qualifying Project.

(c)The
Borrower and each Project Company shall at the request of DOE, promptly, but in any event no later than five (5) Business Days
thereafter, provide DOE and the Independent Engineer with any data or reports received by the Borrower in connection with any of the
start-up testing of each Qualifying Project.

Section 7.29Individual
Qualifying Project Affirmative Covenants. Any additional affirmative covenants for any Qualifying
Project identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the
Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

Article VIII

INFORMATION
COVENANTS

The Borrower hereby agrees
that until the Release Date:

Section 8.01Financial
Statements. At its own expense, the Borrower shall furnish or cause to be furnished to DOE
by an Acceptable Delivery Method (unless otherwise noted), and if requested by FFB or DOE on behalf of FFB, to FFB by facsimile, with
a reproduction of the signatures where required, the following items:

(a)Annual
Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within (x) with respect to the Sponsor, sixty (60) days
following the Sponsors Fiscal Year end and (y) with respect to each other Borrower Entity, one hundred twenty (120) days
following the applicable Borrower Entitys Fiscal Year end:

81

(i)audited
Financial Statements for such Fiscal Year of the Sponsor, and Major Project Participant that is an Affiliate of the Sponsor, and Borrower
and including each Project Company on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis;

(ii)unaudited
Financial Statements of each Project Company for such Fiscal Year;

(iii)a
Compliance Certificate required by Section 8.01(c) (Compliance Certificates); and

(iv)a
report on such Financial Statements of the Independent Auditor which report shall:

(A)be
unqualified as to going concern and scope of audit;

(B)subject
to changes in professional auditing standards from time to time, contain a statement to the effect that such Financial Statements fairly
present, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Sponsor, Borrower and each Project Company (on a consolidated
and unconsolidated basis), as applicable, as at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the
period indicated in conformity with the Designated Standard applied on a basis consistent with prior years (except as otherwise disclosed
in such Financial Statements);

(C)include
an updated asset register listing and describing the net book values of all tangible assets related to each Project Company and each
Qualifying Project and any other asset constituting Collateral, including inventory, plant, property and equipment as derived from Independent
Auditor worksheet to the audited Financial Statements of the Borrower; and

(D)state
that the examination by the Independent Auditor in connection with such Financial Statements has been made in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards.

(b)Quarterly
Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days following the end of each fiscal
quarter of the applicable Borrower Entitys Fiscal Year end:

(i)unaudited
Financial Statements for such Fiscal Quarter of the Sponsor, the Borrower and Project Company;

(ii)each
Compliance Certificate required by Section 8.01(c) (Compliance Certificates); and

(iii)such
other evidence as may be required by DOE to demonstrate compliance with Section 7.21 (Financial Covenants).

82

(c)Compliance
Certificates. Concurrently with any delivery of Financial Statements or other information pursuant to any of Sections 8.01(a) (Annual
Financial Statements) and (b) (Quarterly Financial Statements), a certificate (a Compliance Certificate)
of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (on behalf of itself and each Project Company) and of the Sponsor substantially in the form of
the document attached as Exhibit K (Form of Compliance Certificate) hereto, which certificate shall:

(i)certify
that no Default or Event of Default has occurred, or, if such certification cannot be made, the nature and period of existence of such
Default or Event of Default and what corrective action the applicable Borrower Entities has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto;

(ii)set
forth computations in reasonable detail satisfactory to DOE demonstrating whether or not the Borrower Parties are in compliance with
Section 7.21 (Financial Covenants) and the Sponsor is in compliance with Section 3.01(b) (Financial
Covenants) of the Sponsor Support Agreement; and

(iii)in
the case of each Compliance Certificate delivered concurrently with annual Financial Statements pursuant to Section 8.01(a) (Annual
Financial Statements):

(A)certify
that such Financial Statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Sponsor and each Borrower Party
as at the dates indicated and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods indicated, in each case in conformity
with the Designated Standard applied on a basis consistent with prior years;

(B)either
confirm that there has been no material change in the information set forth in the Schedules attached hereto since the date thereof
or the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 8.01 (Financial Statements)
or, if such confirmation cannot be made, identify such changes; and

(C)contain
a written statement stating any material changes within the Designated Standard used to prepare the Financial Statements delivered concurrently
with the Compliance Certificate or in the application thereof since the date of the previous Compliance Certificate and describing the
effect of any such changes on the Financial Statements accompanying such Compliance Certificate.

(d)Major
Project Participant Financial Statements. With respect to each Major Project Participant, as identified in the Accession Agreement
executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details)) as being subject to this Section 8.01(d), as soon as available, but in any
event within sixty (60) days after such Major Project Participants Fiscal Year end, audited Financial Statements of
such Major Project Participant for such Fiscal Year.

(e)Independent
Auditor Report. To the extent required by DOE, within sixty (60) days after the First Advance Date for a Qualifying Project and,
thereafter, on or prior to each Quarterly Reporting Date, the Borrower (at its sole cost and expense) shall obtain the review by the
Independent Auditor or separate independent accounting firm or similar firm, satisfactory to DOE, to confirm whether the proceeds of
the various Advances disbursed to a Project Company on the First Advance Date or during the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter of such
Project Company, as applicable, were, in each case, used to pay for (or reimburse such Project Company for the payment of) Eligible Project
Costs previously incurred and paid for by the Project Company prior to the relevant Advance Date in accordance with the terms of the
Construction Budget for the applicable Qualifying Project, the Financing Documents and the Program Requirements, and, if required by
DOE, together with such review, a report, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, describing in reasonable detail the results of such
review.

83

Section 8.02Reports.
At its own expense, the Borrower shall furnish or cause to be furnished to DOE by an Acceptable Delivery Method, and, if requested by
FFB or DOE on behalf of FFB, to FFB by email to [xxx], with a reproduction of the signatures where required, the following items, in
each case, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE:

(a)Omnibus
Annual Reports. With respect to each Fiscal Year of the Borrower:

(i)no
later than the date falling sixty (60) days prior to the end of such Fiscal Year (such date, an Annual Reporting
Date), an annual certificate (each, an Annual Certificate) of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower,
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit L (Form of Annual Certificate) hereto, setting forth the following
and including all material calculations and assumptions used to generate the information provided therein (the contents within such Annual
Certificate, the Omnibus Annual Report):

(A)for
each Qualifying Project that has achieved the Substantial Completion Date, (I) proposed O&M Budget, Operating Plan and Major
Maintenance Plan for the immediately subsequent four (4) Fiscal Quarters prepared and approved in accordance with, and within
the time frames specified in, Section 7.27 (O&M Budget); (II) report on the past twelve (12) months
of production of the Qualifying Project, O&M Expenses and Capital Expenditures; and (III) a forecast of anticipated Capital
Expenditures for the immediately subsequent four (4) Fiscal Quarters;

(B)(1) a
certificate from the chief financial officer or similar officer of the Borrower that there have been no changes to the Base Case Financial
Model or the assumptions therein from the Base Case Financial Model then in effect; or (2) a proposed update to the Base Case Financial
Model, together with a certificate from the chief financial officer or similar officer of the Borrower that includes a written explanation
from the Borrower of all variances from the Base Case Financial Model then in effect;

(C)for
each Qualifying Project, the Safety Report with respect to the Safety Audit for such Fiscal Year;

(D)for
each Qualifying Project that has achieved the Substantial Completion Date, a sales and marketing plan (including status of offtake arrangements
of the Make-Whole Provider); and

(E)such
other information as DOE may request.

(ii)Each
Omnibus Annual Report shall be marked with explanations by the Borrower so as to compare against the contents of the Omnibus Annual Report
delivered to DOE for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year or, in the case of the first Omnibus Annual Report delivered to DOE following
the Substantial Completion Date for the Initial Qualifying Project, marked so as to compare against the contents of the Omnibus Annual
Report delivered to DOE on such Substantial Completion Date.

(b)Quarterly
Certificate. With respect to each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, no later than the date on which the quarterly unaudited Financial
Statements are delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(b) (Quarterly Financial Statements) (such date, a Quarterly
Reporting Date), a quarterly certificate (each, a Quarterly Certificate) of a Responsible Officer of
the Borrower, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit N (Form of Quarterly Certificate) hereto and in form
and substance satisfactory to DOE, setting forth the following and including all material calculations and assumptions used to generate
the information provided therein for each Qualifying Project with respect to which a First Advance has occurred:

84

(i)the
financial performance of such Qualifying Project for the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter and for the Fiscal Year to date, together
with a comparison of:

(A)for
any Quarterly Certificate in respect of any Fiscal Quarter beginning prior to the Project Completion Date for such Qualifying Project,
Project Costs actually incurred for such Qualifying Project during such Fiscal Quarter against the amounts set forth for such period
in the then-applicable Construction Budget for such Qualifying Project and an analysis of the construction cost variances, if any, relating
to the Qualifying Project and the Borrowers suggested approach and solution to manage any Cost Overruns; and

(B)for
any Quarterly Certificate in respect of any Fiscal Quarter beginning on or following the Substantial Completion Date for such Qualifying
Project, O&M Expenses actually incurred during such Fiscal Quarter against the amounts set forth for such period in the then-applicable
O&M Budget and an analysis of cost variances, if any, compared to the then-applicable O&M Budget relating to the Qualifying Project
and the Borrowers suggested approach and solution to manage any projected O&M Expenses in excess of the O&M Budget;

(ii)with
respect to any Quarterly Certificate required to be delivered in respect of any Fiscal Quarter beginning prior to the Project Completion
Date, each:

(A)certification
by the Borrower of the achievement of any Project Milestones with respect to a Qualifying Project during the immediately preceding Fiscal
Quarter, together with evidence, satisfactory to DOE, that such Project Milestones have been achieved (unless such information was subject
to an Advance Request); it being understood that, in the event that the Borrower anticipates, for whatever reason, the failure to achieve
any projected Project Milestones, a description of the reasons for such anticipated failure shall also be disclosed; and

(B)certification
that the proceeds of the Advances made in such Fiscal Quarter were used to reimburse the Borrower or applicable Project Company for Eligible
Project Costs incurred and paid or were used by the Borrower or applicable Project Company to pay for such Eligible Project Costs incurred
and invoiced;

(iii)after
the Substantial Completion Date, operating reports, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, regarding the operating performance and
maintenance of the Qualifying Project (including description of operating performance and maintenance of such Qualifying Project and
updates to key personnel), governmental and environmental compliance reports;

(iv)a
progress report as against the sales and marketing plan delivered under the Omnibus Annual Report, accompanied by a certification from
the Sponsor confirming (i) whether or not Sponsor or any of its Affiliates has entered into any contracts for the sale of Products
since the last such certificate that commit to deliver Product produced at any Qualifying Project and (ii) if there are any such
contracts, setting forth the key commercial terms;

85

(v)during
the preceding quarter with respect to a Qualifying Project, any notices received or accidents that occurred and were required to be furnished
and/or notified to DOE pursuant to Section 8.03(j) (Notices) and Section 8.03(k) (Notices),
respectively, and any status updates with respect thereto; and

(vi)during
the preceding quarter with respect to a Qualifying Project, a report regarding the amount already distributed to DBA Contract Parties
to satisfy retroactive compliance and the amount remaining to be distributed to DBA Contract Parties to satisfy retroactive compliance.

(c)Labor
Reporting and Justice40 Initiative Reporting Requirements. The Borrower shall deliver to DOE, for each Qualifying Project with respect
to which a First Advance has been made:

(i)no
later than on each Quarterly Reporting Date occurring on or prior to the Project Completion Date and on the Project Completion Date,
a construction workforce report in the form of Exhibit O (Form of Construction Workforce Report);

(ii)no
later than: (A) on or prior to the Commercial Operations Date, on each of: (1) the Substantial Completion Date; (2) each
Quarterly Reporting Date occurring on or after the Substantial Completion Date and on or prior to the Commercial Operations Date; and
(3) the Commercial Operations Date; and (B) after the Commercial Operations Date, not later than ninety (90) days
after the end of each Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower, an operations and maintenance workforce report in the form of Exhibit P
(Form of Operations and Maintenance Workforce Report);

(iii)no
later than ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, a Community Benefits Plan and Justice40 Annual
Report in the form of Exhibit J (Form of Community Benefits Plan and Justice40 Annual Report) (each, a Community
Benefits Plan and Justice40 Annual Report); and

(iv)such
other information as DOE may request.

(d)Monthly
Certificate. Within fifteen (15) Business Days after the end of each month:

(i)a
monthly report, accompanied by a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit Q (Form of Monthly Certificate),
which report shall include an executive summary, reporting on the operating performance and maintenance of each Qualifying Project that
has achieved the Substantial Completion Date and a reconciliation statement (which may be presented via a management ledger) that sets
forth any expenditure for any line item in the O&M Budget in excess of such line item and any reallocation from one line item to
another in the O&M Budget;

(ii)prior
to the Project Completion Date, a Construction Progress Report, substantially in the form of Exhibit R (Form of Monthly
Construction Progress Report), setting forth updates to the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, key personnel and a certification
by the Borrower that such report is true, complete and correct; and

(iii)addressing
such other matters as DOE may request.

86

(e)Environmental
Report.

(i)(x) Prior
to the Project Completion Date, within twenty (20) Business Days after each Fiscal Quarter of each of such each Fiscal Year;
and (y) from and after the Project Completion Date, within twenty (20) Business Days after each of June 30 and December 31
of each Fiscal Year, the Borrower shall deliver to DOE a report on each Qualifying Projects compliance with Environmental Laws
during the applicable reporting period in form and substance satisfactory to DOE acting reasonably, which report shall: (A) summarize:
(1) the Qualifying Projects compliance with applicable Environmental Laws and the environmental requirements set forth in
this Agreement during such Fiscal Year including, for the avoidance of doubt, a document that lists all Required Approvals required under
applicable Environmental Laws, identifies any changes to such Required Approvals, and tracks the associated reporting requirements under
applicable Environmental Laws for construction and operation of the Qualifying Project, any changes to such Required Approvals, any changes
to the status of the information confirmed by the Borrower pursuant to the representations set forth in Section 6.24 (Environmental
Laws) or project changes that are beyond the scope of DOEs review under NEPA set forth in Section 5.05(g) (Compliance
with NEPA), any Environmental Claims or notices delivered to DOE by Borrower during the applicable reporting period, and information
reasonably requested by DOE; and (2) any change to the status of the information confirmed by the Borrower pursuant to the representation
set forth in Section 6.24 (Environmental Laws) or project changes that are beyond the scope of DOEs review
under NEPA set forth in Section 5.05(g) (Compliance with NEPA), and a summary of any environmental claims or
notices delivered to DOE pursuant to Section 5.05(g) (Compliance with NEPA) or, to the extent that such notice
relates to compliance with Environmental Laws or the environmental requirements set forth in this Agreement, any paragraph of (Compliance
with NEPA), during the reporting period; and (B) contain, or be supplemented with, any information reasonably requested by DOE.
The reports completed for the reporting period ending on December 31 of each Fiscal Year shall include a section specific to
the reporting period, including an annual summary of all the reports completed for the Fiscal Year.

(ii)Not
less frequently than once each Fiscal Year, the Borrower Parties shall conduct, or cause the Operator to conduct, a Safety Audit for
each Qualifying Project. Each such Safety Audit shall result in the preparation of a Safety Report with respect thereto which shall be
delivered to DOE within twenty (20) Business Days following December 31 of each Fiscal Year following the Execution Date.
The Borrower shall provide for the prompt correction of any deficiencies identified in such safety audit and for the operation and maintenance
of the Qualifying Project in accordance with any recommendations set forth therein.

(iii)Any
and all Phase I or II Environmental Site Assessments relating to any Project Site when prepared for any Borrower Party or any third party (so
long as a Borrower Party has the right to obtain any such Phase I or II Environmental Site Assessment prepared for a third party) shall
be delivered to DOE, accompanied by a reliance letter issued to DOE that is acceptable in scope and content to DOE.

Section 8.03Notices.
Promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days, after any Borrower Entity obtains Knowledge thereof or information
pertaining thereto, the Borrower shall furnish or cause to be furnished to DOE, at the Borrowers expense, by an Acceptable Delivery
Method, and if requested by FFB or DOE on behalf of FFB, to FFB by email to [xxx], with a reproduction of the signatures where required,
written notice of the following items:

(a)any
event that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, specifying the nature thereof, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower indicating the steps the Borrower has taken or proposes to take to remedy the same;

(b)the
occurrence of any Mandatory Prepayment Event;

87

(c)any
management letter or other material communications received by any Borrower Party from the Independent Auditor in relation to its financial,
accounting and other systems, management or accounts or any Qualifying Project;

(d)any
event or change in circumstance that impacts, or reasonably could impact, any then-current Base Case Financial Model, including any calculation
or assumption set out therein, together with a proposed update to such Base Case Financial Model; provided, that such proposed
update to any such Base Case Financial Model shall be agreed and approved by DOE in accordance with Section 5.01(j) (Base
Case Financial Model), Section 5.03(h) (Base Case Financial Model), Section 5.04(l)(ii) (Base
Case Financial Model) and Section 5.05(c) (Base Case Financial Model) as applicable;

(e)any
change to the board of directors of any Borrower Party;

(f)any
change in the information provided prior to the Execution Date or QP Approval Date that would result in a change to the list of KYC Parties;

(g)any
rejected shipment of or warranty or liquidated damages claims for Products from the Qualifying Project;

(h)any
matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including to the extent that it could
result in a Material Adverse Effect:

(i)breach
or non-performance of, or any default under, a contractual Obligation of any Borrower Party;

(ii)any
dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Borrower Party and any Governmental Authority;

(iii)the
commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Borrower Party, including pursuant to any
applicable Environmental Laws; or

(iv)any
actual or proposed termination, rescission, discharge (otherwise than by performance), amendment, supplement, modification, waiver or
indulgence or breach of any Project Document, Governmental Approval or Required Approval that could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect;

(i)the
occurrence of any ERISA Event;

(j)any
written formal or informal environmental notices, orders, decisions, directives or determinations submitted by any Governmental Authority
to any Borrower Party, including any violations of Environmental Law identified in writing by such Governmental Authority together with
a report setting out remedial action or proposed remedial action taken with respect thereto;

(k)any
accident related to any Qualifying Project having a material and adverse impact on the environment or on human health (including any
such accident resulting in serious injury or the loss of life), including any discovery of the presence of Hazardous Substances at a
Project Site, or Release or threatened Release or threatened Release on, under, at or through a Project Site required to be reported
to any federal, state or local Governmental Authority under any applicable Environmental Law;

88

(l)any
Adverse Proceeding pending or threatened in writing against or affecting any Borrower Entity, any of their respective property or any
other third party that could reasonably be expected to impact a Qualifying Project:

(i)that
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(ii)that
seeks damages in excess of five hundred thousand Dollars ($500,000) from any Borrower Party or two million five hundred thousand
Dollars ($2,500,000) from the Sponsor;

(iii)that
seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions
contemplated hereby;

(iv)that
arises in respect of any Indebtedness of the Sponsor that, in each case, has an aggregate principal amount of at least ten million Dollars ($10,000,000);

(v)where
any Governmental Authority alleges substantial criminal misconduct by any Borrower Party or its Affiliates; or

(vi)if
related to a Qualifying Project, where any Governmental Authority alleges any criminal misconduct by any of them, and any material developments
with respect to any of the foregoing;

(m)for
any Qualifying Project, any actual or proposed termination, rescission, discharge (otherwise than by performance), amendment, supplement,
modification, waiver or breach of:

(i)any
Major Project Document or Required Approval; or

(ii)any
other Project Document or other Governmental Approval if such action in respect of such other Project Document or other Governmental
Approval could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Project Company or Qualifying Project;

(n)any
information that representations made with respect to Debarment Regulations were erroneous when made or have become erroneous by reason
of changed circumstances;

(o)the
occurrence of any Emergency;

(p)with
respect to the Sponsor, upon the issuance of a going concern warning; and

(q)any
notification from MARAD that (i) a Borrower Entity has failed to comply with a CPA Compliance Agreement or (ii) a CPA Compliance
Agreement has been withdrawn.

Section 8.04Other
Information. At its own expense, the Borrower shall furnish or cause to be furnished to
DOE by an Acceptable Delivery Method, and, if requested by FFB or DOE on behalf of FFB, to FFB by email to [xxx], with a reproduction
of the signatures where required, the following items:

(a)Project
Documents. Without limiting Article IX (Negative Covenants), as soon as available, but in no event later than
ten (10) Business Days after the execution thereof the Borrower shall furnish copies of any Project Document obtained or entered
into by the Borrower after the Execution Date or, for any Project Company, after its QP Approval Date, and with respect to any Major
Project Document (other than any Major Project Documents for the Limestone Project, prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval
Date), unless otherwise instructed by DOE, the Borrower shall deliver to DOE, concurrently with delivery of such copy:

89

(i)a
customary legal opinion (addressed to the Secured Parties) from counsel qualified in the jurisdiction of organization of each counterparty
thereto, and, if different, in the jurisdiction whose law governs such Major Project Document, in form and substance satisfactory to
DOE; and

(ii)a
fully executed Direct Agreement with the Major Project Participant thereunder, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE and subject
only to countersignature by the Collateral Agent.

(b)Additional
Audit Reports. As soon as available, but, in any event, within thirty (30) Business Days after the receipt thereof by any
Borrower Party, copies of all other material annual or interim reports submitted to such Borrower Party by the Independent Auditor.

(c)Information
Pertaining to Banks Providing Acceptable Letters of Credit. As soon as available, but, in any event, no later than one (1) Business
Day after the Borrower obtains Knowledge of any adverse change in the credit rating of any bank issuing any Acceptable Letter of Credit
delivered pursuant to any Financing Document.

(d)Other
Information. Promptly upon request, such other information or documents as DOE reasonably requests.

Section 8.05Adverse
Proceedings; Defense of Claims. The Borrower shall provide DOE with rights to review, with
appropriate restrictions to protect waiver of any relevant privileges, including any attorney-client privilege, controlled by the Borrower,
drafts of any submissions that any Borrower Party has prepared for filing in any court or with any regulatory body in connection with
proceedings to which any Borrower Party is or is seeking to become a party.

Section 8.06Remediation
Plan. In the event:

(a)of
any failure of a Qualifying Project to meet a Project Milestone;

(b)of
any draw on a Debt Service Reserve Account;

(c)that
DOE provides written notice to the Borrower that DOE has reason to believe that a Qualifying Project has failed to satisfy certain mechanical,
technical and operational specifications resulting in material, chronic underperformance of such Qualifying Project as against production
assumptions set out in the Base Case Financial Model; or

(d)of
any failure to comply with the financial covenants set out in Section 7.21 (Financial Covenants),

then, in each case, the Borrower shall:

(i)deliver
a remediation plan within thirty (30) days from the occurrence of such event, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, setting
forth proposed steps to be taken by the Borrower Parties;

90

(ii)to
address such event in a manner acceptable to DOE and periodically thereafter, reports setting out Borrowers execution of the remediation
plan and compliance with the terms thereof; and

(iii)make
relevant representatives and outside advisors available to meet and confer with DOE, the Independent Engineer, and its other outside
advisors (including legal and financial advisors) on the contents of the remediation plan; provided, that the delivery of a remediation
plan satisfactory to DOE shall not be deemed a waiver of any Default or Event of Default that has occurred or is continuing.

Section 8.07Individual
Qualifying Project Reporting Obligations. Any additional reporting obligations for any Qualifying
Project identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the
Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

Article IX

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS

The Borrower hereby agrees,
and each Project Company hereby agrees as to itself, that until the Release Date it shall (or shall cause) that:

Section 9.01Restrictions
on Operations.

(a)Ordinary
Course of Conduct; No Other Business. No Borrower Party shall:

(i)engage
in any business other than the acquisition, ownership, design, development, construction, financing, implementation, completion, operation
and maintenance of the Qualifying Projects and activities directly related thereto in accordance with and as contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and incidental thereto;

(ii)undertake
any action that could reasonably be expected to lead to a material alteration of the nature of its business or the nature or scope of
the Qualifying Projects (including any expansion thereof);

(iii)change
its name or take any other action that might adversely affect the Liens created by the Security Documents; or

(iv)fail
to maintain its existence and its right to carry on its business.

(b)Other
Transactions. No Borrower Party shall, directly or indirectly:

(i)enter
into any contracts or other agreements providing it with material rights against, or material obligations toward, any Person other than
rights and obligations under the Financing Documents and Project Documents permitted hereunder and any transactions expressly contemplated
hereby and thereby;

(ii)enter
into any Additional Project Document that would constitute a Major Project Document without the prior written consent of DOE;

91

(iii)enter
into any transaction or series of related transactions with any Person other than in the Ordinary Course of Business and on an arms-length
basis; or

(iv)establish
any sole and exclusive purchasing or sales agency, or enter into any transaction, whereby any Borrower Party might pay more than the
fair market value for products or services of others.

(c)Amendment
of and Notices under Transaction Documents. No Borrower Party shall, except with the prior written consent of DOE:

(i)agree,
directly or indirectly, to any amendment, modification, termination, supplement, consent or waiver of, or waive any right to consent
to any amendment, modification, termination, supplement or waiver of any right with respect to, or assign any of the respective duties
or obligations under:

(A)any
then-applicable Project Budgets and Plans;

(B)any
Major Project Document (except for in the case of any Construction Contract, any change orders or other modifications) that reflect or
implement Approved Construction Changes;

(C)any
Project Document (other than (x) any Major Project Document and (y) prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date,
the termination or cancellation of the Amazon Agreement) unless such amendment, modification, termination, supplement or waiver is an
Approved Construction Change or such amendment, modification, termination, supplement or waiver could not reasonably be expected to:

(1)delay
the occurrence of any Physical Completion Date beyond the Physical Completion Longstop Date;

(2)delay
the occurrence of any Project Completion Date beyond the corresponding Project Completion Longstop Date; or

(3)otherwise
have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(D)any
Governmental Approval or other Required Approval, the effect of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
or

(E)any
Financing Document;

(ii)certify,
consent to or otherwise permit through a Change Order or otherwise, Final Completion (as defined in the Construction Contracts),
or any equivalent term, to occur under the Construction Contracts;

(iii)enter
into any agreement other than any Financing Document that would restrict its ability to amend or otherwise modify any of the Transaction
Documents;

(iv)give
or withhold any material consent or approval, or exercise any option or take or decline to take any other material action under the provisions
of the Major Project Documents other than actions expressly permitted under this Section 9.01(c) (Amendment of and
Notices under Transaction Documents), actions that are reasonably required to carry out the Qualifying Projects in accordance with
the Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, and actions reasonably required to comply with the Borrower Parties affirmative obligations
under this Agreement, including under Sections 7.06 (Diligent Construction of Project; Approved Construction Changes),
7.07 (Contractual Remedies), 7.09 (Performance of Obligations), 7.13 (Compliance with Program Requirements),
7.14 (Accounts; Cash Deposits); 7.15 (Know Your Customer Information), 7.16 (Davis-Bacon Act),
and 7.26 (Operating Plan; Operations);

92

(v)appoint
any Person as the Operator other than the Sponsor;

(vi)appoint
or accept the appointment of any appraiser under any Truck Agreement; and

(vii)agree
to any provision or term in any Major Project Document limiting a Borrower Partys ability to assign its right and obligations
thereunder as Collateral or providing any Major Project Participant the right to cause any Major Project Document to be terminated or
materially impaired as a result, directly or indirectly, of any Default, Event of Default or exercise of remedies under the Financing
Documents.

(d)Commissions.
No Borrower Party shall pay:

(i)any
commission or fee to any other Borrower Entity for furnishing guarantees, counter-guarantees or other credit support for any Contractual
Obligations undertaken by such Borrower Party in connection with any Qualifying Project; or

(ii)any
fee to any Borrower Entity with respect to or in connection with the development, construction, financing or operation of any Qualifying
Project, including salaries, bonuses, commissions, management fees, consulting fees, and technical assistance fees; provided,
that this provision shall not preclude such Borrower Party from making payments to other Borrower Entities in accordance with Major Project
Documents, in each case consistent with the then-applicable Project Budgets and Plans.

(e)Compromise
or Settlement of Disputes. No Borrower Party shall agree or otherwise consent to settle or compromise:

(i)any
single Adverse Proceeding in excess of one million Dollars ($1,000,000); or

(ii)any
material dispute under any Project Document,

in each case without the prior written
consent of DOE.

(f)Accounts.
The Borrower Parties shall not establish or maintain any bank accounts other than the Project Accounts.

(g)Assignment.
Other than the assignment of the Project Documents and Governmental Approvals to the Collateral Agent as security for the benefit of
the Secured Parties, no Borrower Party shall assign or otherwise transfer its rights under any of the Transaction Documents or Required
Approvals applicable to any Person.

(h)Powers
of Attorney. No Borrower Party shall grant any power of attorney or similar power to any Person, except:

93

(i)to
its officers, directors or employees in the Ordinary Course of Business; or

(ii)in
connection with Permitted Liens.

Section 9.02Liens.
No Borrower Party shall, nor shall it agree to, create, assume or otherwise permit to exist any Lien upon any of the Collateral or any
of its other property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in any proceeds or income therefrom, other than Permitted Liens.

Section 9.03Merger;
Disposition; Acquisition; Transfer or Abandonment. No Borrower Party shall, nor shall it
agree to:

(a)enter
into any transaction of merger or consolidation;

(b)carry
out any Disposition of all or any part of its ownership interests in any Qualifying Project or any other part of its business or property
of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, whether now or hereafter acquired other than
Permitted Dispositions;

(c)acquire
by purchase or otherwise the business, property or fixed assets of any Person, other than purchases or other acquisitions of inventory,
property or materials or spare parts or Capital Expenditures, either: (i) in the Ordinary Course of Business in accordance with
the applicable Construction Budget or O&M Budget; or (ii) constituting Emergency O&M Expenses as required in connection
with an Emergency;

(d)transfer
or release (other than as permitted by clause (b) above) the Collateral, or other similar actions; and

(e)abandon,
or suspend, or agree (directly or indirectly) to abandon or suspend or make any public statements regarding its intention to abandon
or suspend the development, construction or operation of a Qualifying Project, or take any action that could be deemed an abandonment,
or suspension, or transfer of a Qualifying Project to any Person or notify any Major Project Participant of its intent
to terminate, or agree (directly or indirectly) to the termination of, any Major Project Document or the construction or operation of
a Qualifying Project.

Section 9.04Restricted
Payments.

(a)Restricted
Payments. The Borrower shall not, and shall not agree to, directly or indirectly: (a) reduce its Share Capital (other than as
required by the Designated Standards); (b) declare, make or authorize any dividend or any other payment or distribution of cash
or property to any Equity Owner, any Borrower Entity (other than from any Project Company to the Borrower) or any Affiliate of any
of the foregoing, on account of any Equity Interests of any Borrower Party; (c) redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire any
of the Equity Interests of any Borrower Party; (d) make any payment with respect to principal or interest on or purchase, redeem,
retire or defease any Indebtedness owed to or for the benefit of an Affiliate of the Borrower; (e) make any other payment (including
with respect to any development, management or operation fee) to any Affiliate of the Borrower except for payments pursuant to any Major
Project Document existing on the Execution Date or entered into with the consent of DOE in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;
or (f) set aside any funds for any of the foregoing (collectively, the Restricted Payments) unless each of
the following conditions is satisfied to DOEs satisfaction prior to the date of the proposed Restricted Payment (such date, the
Restricted Payment Date):

94

(i)the
Borrower has provided not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior written notice of such proposed Restricted Payment
to DOE;

(ii)the
proposed Restricted Payment Date shall not be more than thirty (30) days after a Payment Date and not more than once during
any quarterly period;

(iii)no
Default or Event of Default shall exist or would exist prior to or after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment;

(iv)no
Material Adverse Effect shall exist or would exist after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment;

(v)(i) all
amounts standing to the credit of each Reserve Account shall be equal to or exceed the amount, if any, then required in accordance with
the applicable Accounts Agreement, both before and after given effect to such transfer; and (ii) the Operating Account shall have
been fully funded in an amount not less than the Minimum Operating Account Balance;

(vi)(x) the
Historical Debt Service Coverage Ratio for the twelve (12) month period ending on the most recent Payment Date shall be at
least 1.0:1.0; and (y) the Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio for the twelve (12) month period commencing on the most
recent Payment Date shall be at least 1.0:1.0;

(vii)the
Sponsor is in compliance with Section 3.01(b) (Financial Covenants) of the Sponsor Support Agreement;

(viii)as
of the Restricted Payment Date, there is no going concern warning with respect to Sponsor or any other Borrower Entity;

(ix)such
transfer is made in accordance with the applicable Accounts Agreement;

(x)the
Borrower shall have delivered either: (A) a certification that (1) there are no material changes to the Base Case Financial
Model most recently approved by the Guarantor; and (2) there are no material changes to the assumptions therein; or (B) a certified
updated Base Case Financial Model, satisfactory to DOE, at least fifteen (15) days prior to the Restricted Payment Date but
no more than twenty (20) days prior thereto; and

(xi)no
earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the making of such Restricted Payment,
a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate in the form set out as Exhibit S (Form of
Restricted Payment Certificate) certifying that (A) the foregoing conditions set out in this Section 9.04(a) (Restricted
Payments) are satisfied and shall remain satisfied as of the Restricted Payment Date; and (B) the calculations for computing
the ratios in clause (vi) above set out in reasonable details are accurate, and that such calculations were made in
good faith and were based on assumptions believed to be reasonable.

(b)Return
of Funds. If any Borrower Entity receives a Restricted Payment to which it is not entitled because such Restricted Payment was not
made in accordance with clauses (a) above, then such Borrower Entity shall hold such Restricted Payment (or an amount
equal thereto) as depository for the benefit of the Secured Parties and deliver the same to DOE (or otherwise as DOE may direct) upon
written demand therefor by DOE or the Collateral Agent acting at the instruction of DOE.

95

Section 9.05Use
of Proceeds. The Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Advance for any purpose other
than as specified in Section 2.03(f) (Disbursement of Proceeds).

Section 9.06Organizational
Documents; Fiscal Year; Account Policies; Reporting Practices. The Borrower Parties shall
not, except with the prior written consent of DOE, amend or modify or permit to be amended or modified:

(a)the
Organizational Documents of any Borrower Party, except such amendments that would not have any adverse effect on the rights of the Secured
Parties;

(b)its
Fiscal Year;

(c)accounting
policies or reporting practices other than as required by the Designated Standard; or

(d)its,
or its subsidiaries legal form or its capital structure (including to provide for the issuance of any equity, options, warrants
or other rights with respect thereto).

Section 9.07Approved
Construction Changes; Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule; Budgets. The Borrower Parties
shall not:

(a)except
with the prior written consent of DOE or as otherwise required or permitted hereunder, with respect to any Qualifying Project, change,
reallocate, amend, modify, or supplement or permit or consent, directly or indirectly, to any changes, reallocations, amendments, modifications,
or supplements (including consent to any plans) (each, a Construction Change) of any provisions of the then-applicable
Project Budgets and Plans or the Base Case Financial Model, except for any Approved Construction Change;

(b)except
as permitted under clause (a) above, make any material modifications to any Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, except:
(i) as expressly contemplated herein; or (ii) otherwise with the prior written consent of DOE;

(c)except
as expressly contemplated herein and permitted in accordance with the terms hereof (including under clause (a) above),
make any modification without the prior written consent of DOE to the then-applicable Project Budgets and Plans or the Base Case Financial
Model; or

(d)other
than with respect to the incurrence or payment of Emergency O&M Expenses, incur or pay any O&M Expenses that are not contemplated
in a line item or category contained in the O&M Budget, unless: (i) such O&M Expenses have been reallocated from a line
item or category for which they are no longer needed, as approved in writing by DOE; and (ii) as of any date of determination, the
aggregate amount of O&M Expenses incurred as of such date does not exceed one hundred five percent (105%) of the aggregate amount
of O&M Expenses reflected in the O&M Budget.

Section 9.08Hedging
Agreements. No Borrower Party shall enter into any Hedging Agreements.

Section 9.09Margin
Regulations. No Borrower Party shall directly or indirectly apply any part of the proceeds
of any Advance or other revenues to the purchasing or carrying of any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the
Board, or any regulations, interpretations or rulings thereunder, or for any purpose that violates any regulation of the Board.

96

Section 9.10ERISA.
The Borrower Parties shall not, and shall cause their ERISA Affiliates not to:

(a)take
any action that would result in the occurrence of an ERISA Event to the extent that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events
for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, the occurrence of such ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to, individually
or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)allow,
or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to allow, the aggregate amount of Unfunded Pension Liabilities among all Employee Benefit Plans
(taking into account only Employee Benefit Plans with positive Unfunded Pension Liabilities) at any time to exist where such amount could
have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(c)fail,
or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to fail, to comply with ERISA or the related provisions of the Code, if any such non-compliance,
singly or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 9.11Investment
Company Act. No Borrower Party shall take any action that would result in any Borrower Party
being required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or that would result in it being controlled
by any Person that is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Section 9.12OFAC.
No Borrower Party shall:

(a)(i) become
a person whose property or interests in property are blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224
of September 23, 2001, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support
Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079(2001)); (ii) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive
order, or be otherwise associated with any such person in any manner violative of Section 2; or (iii) otherwise become the
subject or target of any Sanctions;

(b)directly
or indirectly use the proceeds of any Advance, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person: (i) to
fund any activities, dealings, or business of or with any Prohibited Person or in any Prohibited Jurisdiction; or (ii) in any other
manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Guaranteed Loan); or

(c)repay
any portion of the Guaranteed Loan with any funds: (i) obtained or derived, directly or knowingly indirectly, from any business
or dealings with any Prohibited Person; or (ii) constituting the proceeds of a violation of any International Compliance Directive.

Section 9.13Debarment
Regulations.

(a)Unless
authorized by DOE, no Borrower Party shall knowingly enter into any transactions in connection with the construction, operation or maintenance
of any Qualifying Project with any Person who is debarred, suspended, declared ineligible or voluntarily excluded from participation
in procurement or non-procurement transactions with any United States federal government department or agency pursuant to any of the
Debarment Regulations.

(b)No
Borrower Party shall fail to comply with any and all Debarment Regulations in a manner that results in any Borrower Party being debarred,
suspended, declared ineligible or voluntarily excluded from participation in procurement or non-procurement transactions with any United
States federal government department or agency pursuant to any of such Debarment Regulations.

97

Section 9.14Prohibited
Person. No Borrower Party shall become (whether through a transfer or otherwise) a Prohibited
Person.

Section 9.15Restrictions
on Indebtedness and Certain Capital Transactions.

(a)Indebtedness.
No Borrower Party shall, or shall agree to, directly or indirectly:

(i)incur,
create, guarantee, assume, permit to exist or otherwise become liable for any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Indebtedness; and

(ii)without
the prior written consent of DOE, incur any liabilities to third parties in order to sell (including pursuant to any contract) Product.

(b)Capital
Expenditures. No Borrower Party shall make any Capital Expenditure in any year except for Permitted Capital Expenditures.

(c)Investments.
No Borrower Party shall make any Investments except for Permitted Investments.

(d)Leases.
No Borrower Party shall enter into any Lease of any property or equipment of any kind (including by sale-leaseback or otherwise), except
for Permitted Leases in an amount not in excess of the amount budgeted therefor in the Construction Budget or the O&M Budget, as
applicable, or as permitted pursuant to Section 9.15(a)(i) (Indebtedness).

(e)Redemption
or Issuance of Stock. No Borrower Party shall:

(i)redeem,
retire, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its outstanding Equity Interests (or any options or warrants issued
by any Borrower Party with respect to its Equity Interests) or set aside any funds for any of the foregoing; and

(ii)issue
any Equity Interests to any other Person (other than Equity Interests issued by a Project Company to the Borrower).

(f)Subsidiaries.
No Borrower Party shall:

(i)form
or have any Subsidiaries (other than, in the case of the Borrower, the Project Companies);

(ii)enter
into any partnership or a joint venture;

(iii)acquire
any Equity Interests in or make any capital contribution to any other Person (other than, in the case of the Borrower, the Project Companies);

(iv)enter
into any partnership, profit-sharing or royalty agreement or other similar arrangement whereby such Borrower Partys income or
profits are, or might be, shared with any other Person; or

(v)enter
into any management contract or similar arrangement whereby its business or operations are managed by any other Person, other than the
O&M Agreement.

98

Section 9.16No
Other Federal Funding. The Borrower Parties shall not use any other Federal Funding to pay
any Project Costs or to repay the Guaranteed Loan after the Execution Date.

Section 9.17Intellectual
Property.

(a)The
Borrower shall not (and shall cause each Borrower Entity and each other Major Project Participant to not) assign or otherwise transfer
any right, title or interest in any Project IP:

(i)to
any Prohibited Person;

(ii)without
providing reasonable advance written notice of such assignment or transfer to the Secured Parties;

(iii)except
as permitted under Section 9.03(b) (Merger; Disposition; Transfer or Abandonment); and

(iv)without
requiring such assignee or transferee to:

(A)comply
with Section 7.02(g) (Source Code Escrow);

(B)as
applicable: (1) comply with the terms and conditions of such Project IP Agreement; and (2) grant to the applicable Borrower
Party the right to freely use and sublicense, for no additional consideration, rights in Project IP to: (x) develop, design, engineer,
procure, construct, start up, commission, operate and maintain the Qualifying Project and prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval
Date, the Limestone Project; (y) complete the activities designated to be completed for the Qualifying Project and prior to the
Limestone Projects QP Approval Date, the Limestone Project, or to achieve Project Completion; or (z) exercise the Borrower
Partys rights and perform its obligations under the Major Project Documents, as applicable at the relevant time;

(C)demonstrate
the technical experience and financial ability to maintain and develop the Project IP as required for the Qualifying Project and the
Limestone Project for so long as it is not a Qualifying Project; and

(D)grant
to the Secured Parties the Secured Parties License, effective as of the Execution Date and enforceable:

(1)(x) during
the continuance of an Event of Default, (y) upon an enforcement and transfer of ownership in the Borrower Party (pursuant to
the Financing Documents), or (z) upon any bankruptcy or insolvency action involving the Borrower Party or such assignee or transferee,
the right to freely use or sublicense, for no additional consideration, the Borrowers or the Borrower Entitys rights in
the licensed Project IP to develop, design, engineer, procure, construct, startup, commission, operate and maintain the Qualifying Project
and prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date, the Limestone Project and achieve Project Completion; and

(2)following
occurrence of any release condition contemplated in Section 7.02(g) (Source Code Escrow), an irrevocable, perpetual,
non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, fully paid-up and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, improve,
compile, execute, display, perform and create derivative works of any and all software source code placed into escrow pursuant to this
Agreement, for purposes of designing, engineering, procuring, constructing, starting up, commissioning, operating and maintaining the
Qualifying Project and achieving Project Completion, as applicable.

99

Section 9.18Program
Requirements. The Borrower Parties shall not take any action, or fail to take any action,
that would cause any Qualifying Project not to be an Eligible Project.

Section 9.19Environmental
Law. No Borrower Party shall undertake, or fail to undertake, any action under any applicable
Environmental Law, which individually or in the aggregate is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or release any
Hazardous Substances in violation of any applicable Environmental Law or the effect of which would trigger a reporting obligation under
any applicable Environmental Law.

Section 9.20Individual
Qualifying Project Negative Covenants. Any additional negative covenants for any Qualifying
Project identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the
Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

Article X

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

Section 10.01Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default
(an Event of Default) hereunder:

(a)Failure
to Make Payment Under Financing Documents. Any Borrower Entity shall fail to pay, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the FFB Documents or any other Financing Documents (whether at scheduled maturity, as a required prepayment, by acceleration or otherwise):

(i)any
principal amount of the Advances or any interest otherwise due and payable in respect of the Guaranteed Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation
on or before the date such amount is due; or

(ii)any
fee, charge or other amount due under any Financing Document on or before the date such amount is due, and, solely in the case of amounts
described in this clause (ii) other than any amount due and payable in respect of the Guaranteed Loan at scheduled maturity,
such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days after the date on which such amount was
due.

(b)Misstatements;
Omissions. Any representation or warranty confirmed or made in any Transaction Document by or on behalf of any Borrower Entity or
any Major Project Participant or in any certificate, Financial Statement or other document provided by or on behalf of any such Person
to any Secured Party or any Secured Party Advisor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall
be found to have been incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when confirmed, made or deemed to have been made.

(c)Breaches
Under the Financing Documents Without Cure Period.

(i)Any
Borrower Party fails, as of any relevant date of determination, to perform or observe any of its obligations under any term, covenant
or agreement set forth in Sections 7.01 (Maintenance of Existence; Property; Etc.); 7.02 (Intellectual Property);
7.03 (Insurance); 7.05 (Further Assurances; Creation and Perfection of Security Interests); 7.10 (Use
of Proceeds); 7.13 (Compliance with Program Requirements); 7.14(c)(i) (Accounts; Cash Deposits);
7.15 (Know Your Customer Information); 7.16 (Davis-Bacon Act); 7.17 (Lobbying Restriction);
7.18 (Cargo Preference Act); 7.21 (Financial Covenants); 7.22 (Public Announcements); 7.23
(Bankruptcy Remoteness); 7.24 (Prohibited Persons); 7.25 (International Compliance Directives);
or Article IX (Negative Covenants); provided, that any Borrower Partys failure to comply with Section 7.21
(Financial Covenants) shall not constitute an Event of Default unless the Borrower (x) fails to provide the remediation
plan required pursuant to Section 8.06 (Remediation Plan); or (y) fails at any time to comply with such remediation
plan as required pursuant thereto.

100

(ii)Any
Borrower Entity fails, as of any relevant date of determination, to perform or observe any of its obligations under any term, covenant
or agreement set forth in any Security Document.

(iii)The
Sponsor fails, as of any relevant date of determination, to perform or observe any of its obligations, including any payment obligation,
under any term, covenant or agreement set forth in Article III (Additional Covenants), Sections 4.03 (Subrogation)
and 4.04 (Subordination of Claims) of the Sponsor Support Agreement; Article II (Make-Whole Obligation), Sections
4.01 (Covenants), 5.03 (Subrogation) and 5.04 (Subordination of Claims) of any Make-Whole Agreement; or Section 2.01
(Base Equity Commitment), Section 3.01 (Project Completion Guarantee), Article V (Additional Covenants),
Sections 6.03 (Subrogation) and 6.04 (Subordination of Claims) of any Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement.

(d)Other
Breaches Under Financing Documents.

(i)Any
Borrower Entity shall fail to perform or comply with any obligation in Section 7.14(c)(ii) (Accounts; Cash Deposits)
and such failure is not remedied within one (1) Business Day.

(ii)Any
Borrower Entity or any Major Project Participant shall fail to perform or observe any covenant, or any other term or obligation under
this Agreement or any other Financing Document (other than those described in clauses (a)-(c) or (d)(i) above),
in each case, where such failure to perform or observe has not been remedied within the relevant cure period, if any, specified for such
covenant, term or obligation in such Financing Document, or if no cure period is specified, thirty (30) days following such
failure.

(e)Breach
or Default Under Major Project Documents.

(i)Any
Borrower Party shall fail to perform or observe any covenant or any other term or obligation under any Major Project Document (other
than the Limestone EPC prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date; provided, that any failure to perform or observe
any covenant or any other term or obligation under the Limestone EPC prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date shall be
cured or waived by the time the Limestone Project becomes a Qualifying Project) to which it is a party, and such breach or default shall
continue unremedied beyond any applicable cure period set forth therein, or if no cure period is specified, thirty (30) days
following such failure.

101

(ii)Any
Major Project Participant (other than any Major Project Participant under the Limestone EPC prior to the Limestone Projects QP
Approval Date; provided, that any failure to perform or observe any material covenant or any other material term or obligation
under the Limestone EPC by any Major Project Participant under the Limestone EPC prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date
shall be cured or waived by the time the Limestone Project becomes a Qualifying Project) shall fail to perform or observe any material
covenant or any other material term or obligation under any Major Project Document to which it is a party (a Major Project
Participant Breach), and such breach or default shall continue unremedied beyond any applicable cure period set forth therein,
or if no cure period is specified, thirty (30) days following such failure (either such period, the initial cure period);
provided, that in the case of any EPC Contract, Power Supply Agreement, Water Supply Agreement or any other Major Project Document
identified in an Accession Agreement as being subject to the extended cure right provided in this proviso to Section 10.01(e),
if prior to the end of the initial cure period, the Borrower delivers to DOE a satisfactory plan for remedying the Major Project Participant
Breach or for replacing the applicable Major Project Document (which plan must include, at a minimum, (A) a timeline and deadline
for completion, and (B) a certification by the Borrower demonstrating that such Major Project Participant Breach (1) shall
not materially and adversely alter or affect the relevant Qualifying Project while the plan is being implemented or (2) result in
any material breach of Applicable Law or any other Major Project Document), such Major Project Participant Breach will not be considered
an Event of Default for so long as the Borrower Parties remain in compliance with the approved plan.

(f)Borrower
Entity Default Under Other Indebtedness. Any Borrower Entity shall default in the payment of any principal, interest or other amount
due under any agreement or instrument evidencing, or under which such Borrower Entity has outstanding at any time, (i) in the case
of any Borrower Entity other than the Sponsor, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, or (ii) in the case of the Sponsor, any Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money in an amount in excess of fifty million Dollars ($50,000,000), and in either case, for a period beyond any applicable
grace period, or any other default occurs under any such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default is to accelerate, or
to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money.

(g)Unenforceability,
Termination, Repudiation or Transfer of Any Transaction Documents. Any Financing Document, any Major Project Document or any Project
Documents (to the extent it is not a Major Project Document, solely to the extent that such event results in a Material Adverse Effect)
at any time and for any reason:

(i)is
or becomes invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable or any party thereto has repudiated or disavowed or taken any action to challenge
the validity or enforceability of such agreement;

(ii)except
as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect except at the stated termination date thereof, or shall
be assigned or otherwise transferred or terminated by any party thereto prior to the repayment in full of all Secured Obligations (other
than with the prior written consent of DOE); or

(iii)is
suspended, revoked or terminated (other than upon expiration in accordance with its terms when fully performed).

(h)Security
Interests. Any of the Security Documents shall fail in any respect to provide the Liens, security interests, rights, titles, interests,
remedies, powers or privileges intended to be created thereby (including the priority intended to be created thereby) or such Lien
shall fail to have the priority contemplated therefor in such Security Documents, or any such Security Document or Lien shall cease to
be in full force and effect, or the validity thereof or the applicability thereof to the Advances, the Secured Obligations or any other
obligations purported to be secured or guaranteed thereby or any part thereof, shall be disaffirmed by or on behalf of any Borrower Entity
or any other Person party thereto (other than the Secured Parties).

102

(i)Governmental
Approvals and Required Approvals. Any Borrower Party or any Major Project Participant shall fail to obtain, renew, maintain or comply
with any Required Approval or any such Required Approval shall be rescinded, terminated, suspended, modified, withdrawn or withheld or
shall be determined to be invalid or shall cease to be in full force and effect; or any proceedings shall be commenced by or before any
Governmental Authority for the purpose of rescinding, terminating, suspending, modifying, withdrawing or withholding any such Required
Approval.

(j)Bankruptcy;
Insolvency; Dissolution.

(i)Involuntary
Bankruptcy; Etc. The commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding against any Borrower Entity or any Major Project Participant and such
proceeding continues undismissed for thirty (30) days.

(ii)Voluntary
Bankruptcy; Etc. The institution by any Borrower Entity or any Major Project Participant of any Insolvency Proceeding, or the admission
by it in writing of its inability to pay its Indebtedness generally as it becomes due or its general failure to pay its Indebtedness
as it becomes due, or any other event has occurred that under any Applicable Law would have an effect analogous to any of those events
listed above, or any action is taken by any such Person for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

(iii)Dissolution.
The dissolution of any Borrower Entity or any Major Project Participant.

(iv)Attachment.
An attachment or analogous process is levied or enforced upon or issued against any of the assets of (A) the Sponsor which is in
excess of twenty million Dollars ($20,000,000), (B) each other Borrower Entity which is in excess of five hundred thousand
Dollars ($500,000), or (C) against any Borrower Entity which has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; provided, that any such Dollar amount with respect to which an insurance provider has affirmatively acknowledged responsibility
and is providing coverage will be excluded in determining whether or not a specified Dollar threshold has been met.

(k)Judgments.
One or more Governmental Judgments shall be entered: (i) against any Borrower Entity and such Governmental Judgments have not been
vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal for any period of thirty (30) days, and the aggregate amount of all
such Governmental Judgments outstanding at any time (except to the extent any applicable insurer(s) have acknowledged liability
therefor) exceeds (A) for the Sponsor, twenty million Dollars ($20,000,000), or (B) for each other Borrower Entity, five
hundred thousand Dollars ($500,000); or (ii) such Governmental Judgment is in the form of an injunction or similar form of
relief that is not satisfied or discharged requiring suspension or abandonment of operation of any Qualifying Project; provided,
that any such Dollar amount with respect to which an insurance provider has affirmatively acknowledged responsibility and is providing
coverage will be excluded in determining whether or not a specified Dollar threshold has been met.

(l)Construction
and Operation. Any of the following occurs:

(i)any
Physical Completion Date shall have not occurred by the corresponding Physical Completion Longstop Date;

(ii)any
Project Completion Date shall not have occurred by the corresponding Project Completion Longstop Date;

(iii)any
Qualifying Project shall fail to satisfy certain mechanical, technical and operational specifications resulting in material, chronic
underperformance of such Qualifying Project as against production assumptions set out in the Base Case Financial Model;

103

(iv)during
the Availability Period, with respect to the Sponsor, a going concern warning is issued;

(v)any
Project Company shall: (i) cease to have the right to possess or use its Qualifying Project; (ii) cease to have the right to
possess or use any portion of its Project Site or any rights granted to it under any of the Project Documents; or (iii) lose a material
right of way, easement or other right of use or access to land necessary for its Qualifying Project;

(vi)prior
to the Project Completion Date, construction of a Qualifying Project shall be suspended for a period of thirty (30) consecutive
days or forty-five (45) days in the aggregate;

(vii)from
and after the Project Completion Date, a Qualifying Project ceases to operate for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days
or forty-five (45) days in the aggregate; or

(viii)any
Borrower Party shall abandon, or suspend, agree in writing to abandon or suspend, or make any public statements regarding its intention
to abandon, or suspend, any Qualifying Project, or take any action that could be deemed an abandonment, or suspension.

(m)Environmental
Matters. (i) Any Adverse Proceeding alleging violation of any Environmental Law or asserting any Environmental Claim has been
threatened in writing or instituted, or (ii) any Governmental Judgment imposing a penalty, monetary damages, remediation requirements
or restrictions of construction or operations of any Qualifying Project is issued relating to any violation of Environmental Law, violation
of the terms or conditions or any Required Approval issued under any Environmental Law or restricting the use of any such Required Approval
in any material respect, and such Adverse Proceeding or Governmental Judgment is not: (x) dismissed within forty-five (45) days
of institution, including as a result of satisfaction of any judgment or settlement of any claim that does not otherwise result in an
Event of Default hereunder; or (y) diligently contested or appealed by the applicable Borrower Entity in accordance with Permitted
Contest Conditions for a period of up to one hundred eighty (180) days; provided, that to benefit from the cure periods
described above, in either case, the Borrower shall have timely notified DOE of the Adverse Proceeding or Governmental Judgment and consulted
in good faith with DOE with respect to its intended response.

(n)Event
of Loss. All or any material portion of a Qualifying Project is destroyed or becomes permanently inoperative as a result of a material
Event of Loss, and is not covered by insurance, or not repaired or restored with Loss Proceeds within any time periods required under
Section 7.04 (Event of Loss).

(o)Force
Majeure. An Event of Force Majeure shall occur and continue for a period of at least one hundred eighty (180) consecutive
days.

(p)Changes
in Ownership. Any Change of Control occurs.

(q)ERISA
Events. An ERISA Event shall have occurred that, individually or when aggregated with any other then existing ERISA Event, results
in or could reasonably be expected to result in liability to any Borrower Party or ERISA Affiliate in excess of one hundred thousand
Dollars ($100,000).

(r)Certain
Governmental Actions. Any Governmental Authority shall: (i) lawfully condemn or assume custody of all of the property or assets
(or a substantial part thereof) of any Borrower Party; or (ii) take lawful action to displace the management of any Borrower Party.

104

(s)Compliance
with Laws; International Compliance Directives and Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

(i)The
making of any Advances or the use of the proceeds thereof shall violate or cause any Person, including any Secured Party, to violate
any International Compliance Directives or Anti-Money Laundering Laws or other applicable Anti-Corruption Laws.

(ii)Any
violation by any Borrower Entity or any Major Project Participant of any International Compliance Directives or Anti-Money Laundering
Laws.

(t)Material
Adverse Effect. Any event or condition that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect shall occur
and be continuing.

(u)Federal
Funding. Any Borrower Entity shall use any other Federal Funding to pay any Project Costs or to repay the Guaranteed Loan after the
Execution Date (including the use of other funds guaranteed by the United States federal government).

(v)Eligible
Project. Any Borrower Entity takes, or fails to take, any action that would cause any Qualifying Project not to be an Eligible Project.

(w)Reserve
Accounts. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the Reserve Accounts up to their then-applicable funding requirement which failure
has not been cured within five (5) Business Days.

(x)Remediation
Plan. DOE has given written notice to Borrower of its determination that Borrower has failed to comply with any remediation plan
delivered to DOE pursuant to Section 8.06 (Remediation Plan) in any material respect.

(y)Individual
Qualifying Project Terms. Any additional Events of Default for any Qualifying Project identified in the Accession Agreement executed
by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

For the avoidance of doubt,
each clause of this Section 10.01 shall operate independently, and the occurrence of any such event shall constitute an Event
of Default.

Section 10.02Remedies;
Waivers.

(a)Upon
the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default, DOE or the Collateral Agent may exercise any one or more of the
rights and remedies set forth below:

(i)declare
all or any portion of the indebtedness and obligations of every type or description owed by any Borrower Party to DOE and FFB under this
Agreement and each other Financing Document to be immediately due and payable, and the same shall thereupon be immediately due and payable;

(ii)exercise
any rights and remedies available under the Financing Documents, including DOEs right to prevent access to or prevent the operation
by any Borrower Party of any Qualifying Project or any of the Collateral;

105

(iii)take
whatever action at law or in equity as may appear necessary or desirable in its judgment to collect the amounts then due and thereafter
to become due under the Financing Documents or to enforce performance of any obligation of any Borrower Party under the Financing Documents;

(iv)(A) refuse,
and the Secured Parties shall not be obligated, to make any further Advances; and (B) reduce the Maximum Guaranteed Loan Amount
or any Maximum QP Loan Amount to zero (0);

(v)take
those actions necessary to perfect and maintain the Liens of the Security Documents pursuant to which assets have been pledged as collateral
for the repayment under the Financing Documents;

(vi)set
off and apply such amounts to the satisfaction of the Secured Obligations under all of the Financing Documents, including any moneys
of the Borrower Parties on deposit with any Secured Party; and/or

(vii)without
limiting or being limited by any of the foregoing, draw upon any Acceptable Letter of Credit issued pursuant to any Financing Document
in accordance with its terms, and apply such funds to pay down the Secured Obligations.

(b)Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default referred to in Section 10.01(j) (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution):
(i) the Maximum Guaranteed Loan Amount shall automatically be reduced to zero (0); and (ii) each Advance made under any FFB
Note, together with interest accrued thereon and all other amounts due under such FFB Note, this Agreement and the other Financing Documents,
shall immediately mature and become due and payable, without any other presentment, demand, diligence, protest, notice of acceleration,
or other notice of any kind, all of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives on behalf of itself and each other Borrower Party.

(c)Unless
otherwise expressly provided, no remedy herein conferred upon or reserved is intended to be exclusive of any other available remedy,
but each remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to other remedies given under the Financing Documents or existing at law
or in equity. No delay or failure to exercise any right or power accruing under any Financing Document upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of any Event of Default or otherwise shall impair or delay any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver
thereof, but any such right and power may be exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.

(d)In
order to entitle the Secured Parties to exercise any remedy reserved to the Secured Parties in this Agreement or any other Financing
Document, it shall not be necessary to give any notice, other than such notice as may be required in this Agreement, any other Financing
Document or under Applicable Law.

(e)If
any proceeding has been commenced to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement, and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned
for any reason, or has been determined adversely to DOE or FFB, then and in every such case, subject, in each case, to any determination
in such proceeding: (i) the parties hereto shall be restored to their respective former positions hereunder; and (ii) thereafter,
all rights and remedies of DOE or FFB, as the case may be, shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

106

(f)DOE
shall have the right, to be exercised (or not) in its complete discretion, to waive any covenant, Default or Event of Default by a writing
setting forth the terms, conditions and extent of such waiver signed by DOE and delivered to the other parties hereto. Any such waiver
may be effected only in writing duly executed by DOE, and no other course of conduct shall constitute a waiver of any provision hereof.
Unless such writing expressly provides to the contrary, any waiver so granted shall extend only to the specific event or occurrence so
waived and not to any other similar event or occurrence that occurs subsequent to the date of such waiver.

(g)In
the event that any Borrower Party fails to procure or maintain (or cause to be procured and maintained) the Required Insurance, DOE may (but
shall not be obligated to) procure the Required Insurance and pay the premiums in connection therewith. All amounts so paid by DOE shall
become an additional FFB Note Obligation owed by the Borrower to DOE, and the Borrower shall forthwith pay any such amounts to DOE, together
with interest on such amounts at the Late Charge Rate from the date so paid.

Section 10.03Individual
Qualifying Project Standstill Period.

(a)Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 10.02 (Remedies; Waivers), at any time when Advances have been made and remain outstanding with
respect to more than one Qualifying Project, if and for so long as the only Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing is a
Standstill QP EOD with respect to a single Qualifying Project or Project Company, DOE and the Collateral Agent shall not initiate any
foreclosure proceedings with respect to any Collateral for a period of thirty (30) days following the occurrence of such Event
of Default. If any Event of Default that is not a Standstill QP EOD occurs during such thirty (30) day period, or if any Standstill
QP EOD occurs during such period with respect to any other Qualifying Project or Project Company, the standstill provided for in this
Section 10.03 shall immediately and without any further notice cease to apply.

(b)As
used in this Section 10.03, Standstill QP EOD means any Event of Default, other than a Standstill Excluded
EOD, that has occurred with respect to only a single Project Company and/or its Qualifying Project.

(c)As
used in this Section 10.03, Standstill Excluded EOD means any Event of Default under any of Section 10.01(a) (Failure
to Make Payment under Financing Documents), Section 10.01(c) (Breaches Under the Financing Documents Without
Cure Period) (to the extent arising from a breach of a Standstill Excluded No Cure Covenant), Section 10.01(f) (Borrower
Entity Default Under Other Indebtedness), Section 10.01(g) (Unenforceability, Termination, Repudiation or Transfer
of Any Transaction Documents) (as it relates to any Financing Document or any Project Document with an Affiliate of Borrower), Section 10.01(h) (Security
Interests), Section 10.01(j) (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution) (as it relates to any Borrower Entity), Section 10.01(k) (Judgments),
Section 10.01(p) (Changes in Ownership), Section 10.01(s) (Compliance with Laws; International
Compliance Directives and Anti-Money Laundering Laws) (other than, in the case of Section 10.01(s)(ii) if related
only to a Major Project Participant who is not an Affiliate of the Borrower), Section 10.01(u) (Federal Funding),
Section 10.01(v) (Eligible Project), and any additional Events of Default identified as Standstill Excluded EODs
in the applicable Accession Agreement or in Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details).

(d)As
used in this Section 10.03, Standstill Excluded No Cure Covenant means any of the following Sections: Section 7.01(a) and
(c) (Maintenance of Existence; Property; Etc.), Section 7.02(c) (Intellectual Property), Section 7.05
(Further Assurances; Creation and Perfection of Security Interests), 7.10 (Use of Proceeds), Section 7.13
(Compliance with Program Requirements), Section 7.14 (Accounts; Cash Deposits), Section 7.15
(Know Your Customer Information), Section 7.16 (Davis-Bacon Act), Section 7.17 (Lobbying Restriction),
Section 7.18 (Cargo Preference Act), Section 7.22 (Public Announcements), Section 7.23
(Bankruptcy Remoteness), Section 7.24 (Prohibited Persons), Section 7.25 (International
Compliance Directives), Section 9.01(a), (f), (g), and (h) (Restrictions on Operations),
Section 9.02 (Liens), Section 9.03(a), (b) and (d) (Merger; Disposition;
Acquisition; Transfer or Abandonment), Section 9.04 (Restricted Payments), Section 9.05 (Use
of Proceeds), Section 9.06(a) and (d) (Organizational Documents; Fiscal Year; Account Policies; Reporting
Practices), Section 9.09 (Margin Regulations), Section 9.11 (Investment Company Act), Section 9.12
(OFAC), Section 9.13 (Debarment Regulations), Section 9.14 (Prohibited Person), Section 9.15(a)(i),
(e), and (f) (Restrictions on Indebtedness and Certain Capital Transactions), Section 9.16 (No
Other Federal Funding), Section 9.18 (Program Requirements), and any additional Sections identified as Standstill
Excluded No Cure Covenants in the applicable Accession Agreement or in Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details).

107

(e)If
the Borrower prepays in full all Advances and all other Secured Obligations related to the affected Qualifying Project prior to the end
of the standstill period provided in Section 10.03(a) in accordance with Section 3.05(b)(ii)(B)(6) (Voluntary
Prepayments), the Standstill QP EOD will be deemed to have been cured, and any fact or circumstance related to the affected Qualifying
Project and Project Company on its own will no longer result in any Default or Event of Default.

Section 10.04Accelerated
Advances. Upon the delivery of a notice of acceleration, the accelerated amount due and
payable under the FFB Notes shall be the Prepayment Price (as defined in and determined pursuant to the FFB Notes) under the FFB Notes.

Article XI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.01Waiver
and Amendment.

(a)No
failure or delay by DOE or the other Secured Parties in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise
impair or delay any rights, powers or remedies of the Secured Parties. No single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy
shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other legal right, power or remedy.

(b)The
rights, powers or remedies provided for herein are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights, powers or remedies provided
by law or in any other Transaction Document. The assertion or employment of any right, power or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall
not prevent the concurrent assertion of any other right, power or remedy.

(c)Except
as otherwise provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated unless
such change, waiver, discharge or termination is in writing and executed by the parties hereto.

(d)Any
amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any provision hereof or thereof that constitutes a modification
(as defined in Section 502(9) of FCRA) that increases the amount of the Credit Subsidy Cost (as calculated in accordance with
FCRA and OMB Circulars A-11 and A-129, and as determined by OMB in its sole discretion) shall be subject, at DOEs discretion,
to (i) the availability to DOE of funds appropriated by the U.S. Congress or, (ii) to the extent permitted by Applicable Law,
payment by the Borrower, to meet any such increase in the Credit Subsidy Cost.

Section 11.02Right
of Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law or otherwise,
and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Secured
Party is hereby authorized at any time or from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind to any
Borrower Party or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off and to appropriate and apply any and
all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by such
Secured Party (including by any branches and agencies of such Secured Party wherever located) or, in the case of DOE, any other
agency or instrumentality of the United States government, to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower Party against and on account
of the Secured Obligations and liabilities of any Borrower Party to such Secured Party under this Agreement or any other Financing Document.
Each of DOE, FFB and each subsequent holder of any FFB Note or any portion thereof shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower Party
after any such set-off and application made by it; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such set-off and application.

108

Section 11.03Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder, in
the other Financing Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith
or therewith (including any Advance Request) shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Advances
under the FFB Documents.

Section 11.04Notices.
Except to the extent otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by Applicable Law, any communications, including any notices,
between or among the parties to the Financing Documents shall be provided using the addresses listed in Schedule 11.04 (Notices),
and shall be in writing and shall be considered as properly given: (a) if delivered in person; (b) if sent by overnight delivery
service for domestic delivery or international courier for international delivery; (c) in the event overnight delivery service or
international courier service is not readily available, if mailed by first class mail (or airmail for international delivery), postage
prepaid, registered or certified with return receipt requested; or (d) if transmitted by electronic mail, to the electronic mail
address set forth in Schedule 11.04 (Notices). Notice so given shall be effective upon delivery to the addressee, except
that communication or notice so transmitted by other direct written electronic means shall be deemed to have been validly and effectively
given on the day (if a Business Day and, if not, on the following Business Day) on which it is validly transmitted if transmitted
before 5:00 p.m. (District of Columbia time), recipients time, and if transmitted after that time, on the next following
Business Day. Any party has the right to change its address for notice under any of the Financing Documents to any other location by
giving prior written notice to each of the other parties in the manner set forth hereinabove.

Section 11.05Severability.
In case any one or more of the provisions contained in any Financing Document should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the parties
hereto shall engage the parties to the Financing Documents to enter into good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provision.

Section 11.06Judgment
Currency. The Borrower Parties shall, jointly and severally, to the fullest extent permitted
under Applicable Law, indemnify DOE and FFB and the other Secured Parties against any loss incurred by any of them as a result of any
judgment or order being given or made for any amount due to such Secured Party hereunder or under any other Financing Document and such
judgment or order being expressed and to be paid in a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than Dollars (the
Currency of Denomination) and as a result of any variation between: (a) the rate of exchange at which amounts
in the Currency of Denomination are converted into Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order; and (b) the rate
of exchange at which each applicable Secured Party would have been able to purchase the Currency of Denomination with the amount of the
Judgment Currency actually received by the applicable Secured Party, had such applicable Secured Party utilized the amount of Judgment
Currency so received to purchase the Currency of Denomination as promptly as practicable upon receipt thereof. The foregoing indemnity
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term rate of exchange
shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant Currency
of Denomination that are documented and reasonable in light of market conditions at the time of such conversion.

109

Section 11.07Indemnification.

(a)In
addition to any and all rights of reimbursement, indemnification, subrogation or any other rights pursuant to this Agreement or under
law or in equity, the Borrower Parties shall pay, and shall, jointly and severally, protect, indemnify and hold harmless DOE, FFB, each
other governmental agency and instrumentality of the United States, each other holder of any FFB Note or any portion thereof, each Secured
Party, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives, attorneys and agents, advisors and contractors (each,
an Indemnified Party), on an after-tax basis, from and against (and shall reimburse each Indemnified Party as the
same are incurred) any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses
and disbursements incurred by any of them (each, an Indemnified Liability), to which such Indemnified Party may
become subject arising out of or relating to any or all of the following: (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, the Term
Sheet, any Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto
or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby;
(ii) the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, any Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument
prepared in connection herewith or therewith; (iii) any Guaranteed Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof; (iv) any
actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Substance, on, under or originating from any property owned, occupied or operated
by any Borrower Party or any of their Affiliates in connection with any Qualifying Project, or any environmental liability related in
any way to any Borrower Party or any of their Affiliates and their respective owned, occupied, or operated properties arising out of
or relating to any Qualifying Project; or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating
to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by any Borrower Party
or any of their Affiliates or otherwise, and regardless of whether any Indemnified Party is a party thereto, such items (i) through
(v) including, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel and third party consultants
to such Indemnified Party incurred in connection with any investigation, litigation or other proceeding or in connection with enforcing
the provisions of this Section 11.07 (Indemnification); provided, that the Borrower Parties shall not have
any obligation under this Section 11.07 (Indemnification) to any Indemnified Party with respect to Indemnified Liabilities
to the extent they arise from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party (as determined pursuant
to a final, Non-Appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). Any claims under this Section 11.07 (Indemnification)
in respect of any Indemnified Liabilities are referred to herein, collectively, as Indemnity Claims.

(b)All
sums paid and costs incurred by any Indemnified Party with respect to any matter indemnified hereunder shall: (i) be immediately
due and payable on demand, (ii) be added to the Secured Obligations; and (iii) be secured by the Security Documents. Each such
Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Borrower Parties in a timely manner of any such amounts payable by the Borrower Parties hereunder,
provided, that any failure to provide such notice shall not affect the Borrower Parties obligations under this Section 11.07
(Indemnification).

(c)Each
Indemnified Party within ten (10) days after the receipt by it of notice of the commencement of any action for which indemnity
may be sought by it, or by any Person controlling it, from the Borrower Parties on account of the agreements contained in this Section 11.07
(Indemnification), shall notify the Borrower Parties in writing of the commencement thereof, but the failure of such Indemnified
Party to so notify the Borrower Parties of any such action shall not release the Borrower Parties from any liability that it may have
to such Indemnified Party.

110

(d)To
the extent that the undertaking in the preceding clauses of this Section 11.07 (Indemnification) may be unenforceable
because it is violative of any law or public policy, and to provide for just and equitable contribution in the event of any such unenforceability (other
than due to application of this Section 11.07 (Indemnification)), the Borrower Parties shall contribute the maximum
portion that they are permitted to pay and satisfy under Applicable Law to the payment and satisfaction of such undertakings.

(e)The
provisions of this Section 11.07 (Indemnification) shall survive the Release Date, the foreclosure under the Security
Documents and satisfaction or discharge of the Secured Obligations and shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies of any Indemnified
Party.

(f)Any
amounts payable by any Borrower Party pursuant to this Section 11.07 (Indemnification) shall be payable within the
later to occur of: (i) ten (10) Business Days after the Borrower Parties receives an invoice for such amounts from any applicable
Indemnified Party; and (ii) five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which such Indemnified Party expects to pay such
costs on account of which the Borrower Parties indemnity hereunder is payable, and if not paid by such applicable date shall bear
interest at the Late Charge Rate from and after such applicable date until paid in full.

(g)Each
Borrower Party shall be entitled, at its expense, to participate in the defense of any Indemnity Claim; provided, that such Indemnified
Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, at the Borrower Parties expense, and such participation by any Borrower
Party in the defense thereof shall not release any Borrower Party of any liability that it may have to the applicable Indemnified Party.
Any Indemnified Party against whom any Indemnity Claim is made shall be entitled, after consultation with the Borrower and upon consultation
with legal counsel wherein such Indemnified Party is advised that such Indemnity Claim is meritorious, to compromise or settle any such
Indemnity Claim. Any such compromise or settlement shall be binding upon the Borrower Parties for purposes of this Section 11.07
(Indemnification).

(h)Upon
payment of any Indemnity Claim by any Borrower Party pursuant to this Section 11.07 (Indemnification), such Borrower
Party, without any further action, shall be subrogated to any and all claims that the applicable Indemnified Party may have relating
thereto, and such Indemnified Party shall at the request and expense of the applicable Borrower Party cooperate with the applicable Borrower
Party and give at the request and expense of the applicable Borrower Party such further assurances as are necessary or advisable to enable
the applicable Borrower Party vigorously to pursue such claims.

(i)Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 11.07 (Indemnification), the Borrower Parties shall not be entitled to: (i) notice;
(ii) participation in the defense of; (iii) consent rights with respect to any compromise or settlement or (iv) subrogation
rights, in each case except as otherwise provided for pursuant to this Section 11.07 (Indemnification) with respect
to any action, suit or proceeding against the Borrower or any other Borrower Party.

(j)No
Indemnified Party shall be obligated to pursue first any recovery under any other indemnity or reimbursement obligation before seeking
recovery under the indemnification and reimbursement obligations of the Borrower Parties under this Agreement.

Section 11.08Limitation
on Liability. No claim shall be made by any Borrower Party or any of their Affiliates against
any Secured Party or any of their Affiliates, directors, employees, attorneys or agents, including the Secured Party Advisors, for any
special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by
law), in connection with, arising out of or in any way related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Financing
Documents or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each Borrower Party hereby waives, releases and agrees
not to sue upon any such claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor.

111

Section 11.09Successors
and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(a)No
Borrower Party may assign or otherwise transfer (whether by operation of law or otherwise) any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement or under any other Financing Document without the prior written consent of DOE and/or FFB, in the case of any FFB Document,
FFB.

(b)FFB
may assign any or all of its rights, benefits and obligations under the Financing Documents and with respect to the Collateral in accordance
with the provisions of the FFB Documents; provided, that such assignee, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement and the Financing
Documents: (i) hereby irrevocably designates and appoints DOE to act as its agent hereunder and under the Financing Documents; (ii) hereby
irrevocably authorizes DOE to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents
and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are necessary or appropriate, as determined by DOE, under the Financing Documents;
and (iii) hereby authorizes DOE to enter into all such amendments or modifications of any Financing Document on behalf of such assignee
and grant all waivers as are necessary or appropriate, as determined by DOE, under the Financing Documents (other than amendments to
any FFB Note, which amendments shall also require the consent of such assignee); provided, further, that: (A) neither
DOE nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be: (1) liable to any assignee
for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Financing
Document; or (2) responsible in any manner to any assignee for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the
Borrower, or other Borrower Entity or any of their respective officers contained in this Agreement or any other Financing Document or
in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by DOE under or in connection with,
this Agreement or any other Financing Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency
of this Agreement or any other Financing Document or for any failure of the Borrower or any other Borrower Party, to the extent it is
a party hereto or thereto, to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder; and (B) DOE may conclusively rely upon information
supplied by FFB or such assignee in taking any action, or exercising any rights, in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.09
(Successors and Assigns).

Section 11.10FFB
Right to Sell Loan. If FFB has: (a) fully funded the Guaranteed Loan under any FFB
Note Purchase Agreement and corresponding FFB Note; or (b) partially funded the Guaranteed Loan under any single FFB Note Purchase
Agreement and corresponding FFB Note and the corresponding Availability Period has expired, in each case, FFB shall have the right to
sell all or any portion of any such FFB Note without the prior written consent of the Borrower, and upon any such sale, any reimbursement
obligations of the applicable Guaranteed Loan by DOE shall automatically terminate and be of no further force and effect. For any such
sale prior to the end of the applicable Availability Period for any Qualifying Project until FFB has funded the Guaranteed Loan for such
Qualifying Project, the Borrower, (and if applicable, any other Borrower Party) DOE and FFB shall enter into agreements satisfactory
to them in respect of FFBs right to sell the applicable FFB Note(s) and delegate its obligations under the applicable FFB
Note Purchase Agreement(s).

112

Section 11.11Further
Assurances and Corrective Instruments.

(a)Each
Borrower Party shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to DOE such additional documents or other instruments
and shall take or cause to be taken such additional actions as DOE may require or reasonably request in writing to: (i) cause the
Financing Documents to be properly executed, binding and enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions; (ii) perfect and maintain the
priority of the Secured Parties security interest in all Collateral; (iii) enable the Secured Parties to preserve, protect,
exercise and enforce all other rights, remedies or interests granted or purported to be granted under the Financing Documents; and (iv) otherwise
carry out the purposes of the Transaction Documents.

(b)Borrower
may submit to DOE written requests for the parties to enter into, execute, acknowledge and deliver amendments or supplements hereto;
it being understood that DOE shall be permitted to approve or reject all such requests in its discretion.

Section 11.12Reinstatement.
Where any discharge is made in whole or in part, or any arrangement is made on the faith of, any payment, security or other disposition
which is avoided or must be repaid, whether upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower, any other Borrower Entity party to a Financing
Document, or otherwise, this Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and
performance of any Borrower Partys obligations hereunder, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to Applicable Laws, rescinded or reduced
in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any Secured Party. In the event that any payment or any part thereof is so rescinded,
reduced, restored or returned, such obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded,
reduced, restored or returned.

Section 11.13Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a)THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH,
THE FEDERAL LAW OF THE UNITED STATES. TO THE EXTENT THAT FEDERAL LAW DOES NOT SPECIFY THE APPROPRIATE RULE OF DECISION FOR A PARTICULAR
MATTER AT ISSUE, IT IS THE INTENTION AND AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT THAT THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES (EXCEPT SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW)) SHALL BE ADOPTED
AS THE GOVERNING FEDERAL RULE OF DECISION.

(b)EACH
OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY DISPUTE BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY COURSE
OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE BORROWER. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT
FOR EACH PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS.

Section 11.14Submission
to Jurisdiction; Etc. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Borrower Party irrevocably
and unconditionally:

(a)submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding against it arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any other
Financing Document, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction
of (i) the courts of the United States for the District of Columbia; (ii) the courts of the United States in and for the Southern
District of New York sitting in New York County; (iii) any other federal court of competent jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction
where it or any of its property may be found; and (iv) the courts of the State of New York in and for the County of New York; (v) the
courts of Washington D.C.; and (vi) appellate courts from any of the foregoing;

113

(b)consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought in or removed to such courts, and waives any objection, or right to stay or dismiss
any action or proceeding, that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such
action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same;

(c)confirms
that it has irrevocably designated and appointed CT Corporation System with an office on the date hereof at 28 Liberty Street, New York,
NY 10005 as its agent for service of process under this Agreement and any other Financing Document to which it is a party, with respect
to any legal process, writ, judgment, summons, notice and document that may be served in any action or proceeding arising out of this
Agreement or any other Financing Document. It agrees that service of process, writ, judgment, summons or other notice of legal process
upon said agent shall be deemed and held in every respect to be effective personal service upon it. It shall maintain such appointment
(or that of a successor satisfactory to DOE) continuously in effect at all times while it is obligated under this Agreement;

(d)agrees
that nothing herein shall: (i) affect the right of any Secured Party to effect service of process in any other manner permitted
by law; or (ii) limit the right of any Secured Party to commence proceedings against or otherwise sue the Borrower Party or any
other Person in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the commencement of proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions
preclude the commencement of proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if, and to the extent, permitted by
the Applicable Laws; and

(e)agrees
that judgment against it in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction within or
outside the U.S. by suit on the judgment or otherwise as provided by law, a certified or exemplified copy of which judgment shall be
conclusive evidence of the fact and amount of the Borrower Partys obligation.

Section 11.15Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, including any agreement, document or instrument attached to this
Agreement or referred to herein, integrates all the terms and conditions mentioned herein or incidental to this Agreement and supersedes
all prior oral negotiations, agreements and understandings of the parties to this Agreement in respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement made prior to the date hereof.

Section 11.16Benefits
of Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Financing Document, express or implied,
shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and thereto and their successors and permitted assigns hereunder or thereunder,
any benefit or any legal or equitable right or remedy under this Agreement. FFB is an intended third party beneficiary of, with enforceable
rights and remedies under this Agreement, in respect of those provisions in Article III (Payments; Prepayments), Article IV
(Payment Obligations; Reimbursement), Article XI (Miscellaneous), Section 5.02 (Conditions
Precedent to FFB Purchase of the FFB Note), Section 5.03(w) (Program Requirements) and Section 5.03(x) (FFB
Conditions Precedent), Section 5.06 (Conditions Precedent to FFB Advance), Section 5.08 (Satisfaction
of Conditions Precedent), Section 8.04 (Other Information), and Section 10.02 (Remedies; Waivers)
that refer to rights of or payments to FFB; provided, that in the event of any conflict between any provision of this Agreement
and any FFB Note or any FFB Note Purchase Agreement, the rules of construction in Section 1.04 (Conflict with FFB
Documents) will apply.

114

Section 11.17Headings.
Paragraph headings have been inserted in the Financing Documents as a matter of convenience for reference only and it is agreed that
such paragraph headings are not a part of the Financing Documents and shall not be used in the interpretation of any provision of the
Financing Documents.

Section 11.18Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures.

(a)This
Agreement may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts and when executed by all of the parties shall constitute a single binding
agreement. Each party hereto agrees to deliver a manually executed original promptly following such electronic submission.

(b)Delivery
of an executed signature page of this Agreement by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart hereof. Except to the extent Applicable Law would prohibit the same, make the same unenforceable or affirmatively requires
a manually executed counterpart signature: (i) the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement
by emailed .pdf or any other electronic means approved by DOE in writing (which may be via email) that reproduces an image of the actual
executed signature page shall be as effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement; and (ii) if
agreed by DOE in writing (which may be via email) with respect to this Agreement, the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page of this Agreement by electronic means that types in the signatory to a document as a conformed signature from
an email address approved by DOE in writing (which may be via email) shall be as effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart
of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, the words execution, signed, signature,
delivery and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical
delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable
Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. As used herein, Electronic Signature
has the meaning assigned to it by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time.

Section 11.19No
Partnership; Etc. The Secured Parties and the Borrower Parties intend that the relationship
between them shall be solely that of creditor and debtor. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any other Financing Document shall
be deemed or construed to create a partnership, tenancy-in-common, joint tenancy, joint venture or co-ownership by, between or among
the Secured Parties and the Borrower Parties or any other Person. The Secured Parties shall not be in any way responsible or liable for
the indebtedness, losses, obligations or duties of the Borrower Parties or any other Person with respect to any Qualifying Project or
otherwise. All obligations to pay Real Property or other taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, and all other fees and expenses in connection
with or arising from the ownership, operation or occupancy of any Qualifying Project or any other assets and to perform all obligations
under the agreements and contracts relating to any Qualifying Project or any other assets shall be the sole responsibility of the Borrower
Parties.

Section 11.20Independence
of Covenants. All covenants hereunder and under the other Financing Documents shall be given
independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted
by an exception to, or would otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or
an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists.

115

Section 11.21Marshaling.
Neither DOE nor FFB nor any other Secured Party shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Borrower Party or
any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Secured Obligations.

[NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE; SIGNATURES FOLLOW]

116

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement, all as of the day and year first above mentioned.

PLUG
POWER ENERGY LOAN BORROWER LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company,

as
Borrower

By: /s/
Paul B. Middleton

Name: Paul
B. Middleton

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Loan Guarantee Agreement]

PLUG
POWER LIMESTONE LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company,

as
a Project Company

By: /s/
Paul B. Middleton

Name: Paul
B. Middleton

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Loan Guarantee Agreement]

U.S.
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY,

an
agency of the Federal Government of the United States of America, in its own capacity and in its capacity as Guarantor and Loan Servicer

By: /s/
Herman Cortes

Name: Herman
Cortes

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Loan Guarantee Agreement]

Annex A

DEFINITIONS

Acceptable Bank means a
bank or financial institution or branch office thereof in New York, New York organized under or licensed as a branch under the laws of
the United States or any state thereof, which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and unguaranteed Indebtedness of A-/Stable
outlook or higher by S&P or Fitch or A3 or higher by Moodys, using the lowest rating of the aforementioned three rating firms.

Acceptable Credit Support
has the meaning provided in the Sponsor Support Agreement.

Acceptable Delivery Method
means, with respect to any certificate, document or other item required to be delivered by an Acceptable Delivery Method hereunder:

(a) transmission, by an Authorized Transmitter,
of such certificate, document or other item in Electronic Format, together with the Transmission
Code;

(b) delivery of a manually executed original
of such certificate, document or other item; or

(c) such other delivery method as the Borrower
and DOE shall mutually agree.

Acceptable Insurer means:

(a) any insurance company or international
reinsurance company (i) authorized to do business in the State where the applicable
Qualifying Project is located if required by law or regulation; and (ii) with a rating
for its long-term unsecured and non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of: (A) A or higher
by S&P or Fitch; (B) A2 or higher by Moodys; (C) A- or better by AM
Bests Insurance Guide and Key Ratings and a financial size category of VII or higher;
or (D) a comparable rating from an internationally recognized credit rating agency;
or

(b) any other insurance company acceptable
to DOE.

Acceptable Letter of Credit
means an unconditional, irrevocable standby letter of credit, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (acting on the
instructions of DOE) issued by an Acceptable Bank, payable in New York in Dollars, meeting the following requirements:

(a) the initial expiration date thereof shall
be at least twelve (12) months beyond the date of issuance, and shall automatically
renew upon its expiration (which renewal period shall be at least twelve (12) months)
unless, at least sixty (60) days prior to any such expiration, the issuer shall
provide the Collateral Agent and DOE with a notice of non-renewal of such letter of credit;

(b) upon receipt of any non-renewal notice,
or twenty (20) Business Days after the issuer ceases to be an Acceptable Bank,
the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to draw the entire face amount of such letter of credit
(unless the Collateral Agent shall have received a replacement Acceptable Letter of Credit
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Financing Document(s) or amounts have been
deposited in the applicable Project Account such that the amount on deposit therein, when
aggregated with the face amount available to be drawn under any other applicable Acceptable
Letter of Credit then outstanding is equal to or greater than the amount required to be on
deposit in the relevant Project Account pursuant to the Financing Documents);

A-1

(c) the Collateral Agent shall be named sole
beneficiary under such letter of credit and entitled to draw amounts thereunder pursuant
to its terms;

(d) with respect to any Acceptable Letter
of Credit delivered in connection with any Project Account, such letter of credit shall be
drawable in all cases in which the Accounts Agreement provides for a transfer of funds from
such Project Account;

(e) there shall be no conditions to any drawing
thereunder other than the submission of a drawing request substantially in the form attached
to such letter of credit;

(f) no agreement, instrument or document executed
in connection with any Acceptable Letter of Credit shall: (i) obligate the Borrower
or any Secured Party to make any reimbursement or any other payment to the issuer thereof
or otherwise with respect to such Acceptable Letter of Credit; or (ii) provide the issuer
thereof or any other Person with any claim, subrogation right or other right or remedy against
or other recourse to the Borrower, any Secured Party or against any Collateral or other Property
of any thereof, whether for costs of issuance or maintenance, reimbursement of amounts drawn
under such Acceptable Letter of Credit or otherwise; and

(g) such letter of credit shall be subject
to International Standby Practices 1998, International Chamber of Commerce Publication
No. 590, as amended, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time and as
to any matter not governed thereby, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York.

Accession Agreement means
each Accession Agreement, in the form of Exhibit H (Form of Accession Agreement) executed by a Project Company
and delivered to DOE as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Accounts Accession Agreement
means each Accounts Accession Agreement, in the form of Exhibit A (Form of Accounts Accession Agreement)
to the Accounts Agreement, executed by a Project Company, the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and Depositary Bank, and delivered to DOE
as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Accounts Agreement means
the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement entered into as of the Execution Date by and among the Borrower, DOE, the Collateral Agent
and the Depositary Bank, and each Project Company that becomes party thereto from time to time by the execution of an Accounts Accession
Agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit A (Form of Accounts Accession Agreement) thereto.

Additional Project Document
means, with respect to a Qualifying Project, any contract entered into by any Borrower Party subsequent to the Execution Date that is
necessary for or material to, the construction and operation of such Qualifying Project.

Advance means, an advance
of funds by FFB to the Borrower under the relevant FFB Note as may be requested by the Borrower from time to time during the applicable
Availability Period.

Advance Date means the date
on which FFB makes any Advance to the Borrower.

Advance Proceeds Account
has the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

A-2

Advance Request has the
meaning given to such term in Section 2.03(a) (Advance Requests).

Advance Request Approval Notice
means the written notice from DOE located at the end of an Advance Request advising FFB that such Advance Request has been approved by
or on behalf of DOE.

Adverse Proceeding means
any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration at law or in
equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign or other regulatory body or any arbitrator.

Affiliate means, as applied
to any Person: (a) any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that Person;
and (b) in addition, in the case of any Person that is an individual, each member of such Persons immediate family, any trusts
or other entities established for the benefit of such Person or any member of such Persons immediate family and any other Person
controlled by any of the foregoing. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings,
the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any Person,
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power: (i) to vote ten percent (10%) or more of the securities having
ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person; or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of that Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise.

Agent Fees has the meaning
given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Agents has the meaning given
to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Aggregate Capitalized Interest
means, with respect to any requested Advance, the aggregate amount of interest that has been capitalized and will be capitalized on all
Advances then made to the Borrower under all FFB Notes outstanding (including, for the avoidance of doubt, such requested Advance) as
determined in accordance with the FFB Notes.

Agreement has the meaning
given to such term in the preamble hereto.

ALTA means the American
Land Title Association headquartered in Washington D.C.

Amazon Agreement means that
certain Zero-Carbon Hydrogen Supply Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2022, between Amazon.com Inc. and Limestone.

Amortization Schedule with
respect to each Qualifying Project, means the schedule so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company
owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)); provided, that each Amortization Schedule will be consistent with Schedule 3.02 (Limestone
Amortization Schedule) or as otherwise agreed in writing by DOE.

Annual Certificate has the
meaning given to such term in Section 8.02(a) (Omnibus Annual Reports).

Annual Reporting Date has
the meaning given to such term in Section 8.02(a) (Omnibus Annual Reports).

Anti-Corruption Laws means
all laws concerning or relating to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-kickback matters in the public or private sector, including
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any similar laws.

A-3

Anti-Money Laundering Laws
means the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (otherwise known as the Bank Secrecy Act), the USA PATRIOT Act, the
Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, the Money Laundering Control Act, the rules and regulations thereunder, applicable U.S. Executive
Orders and any similar Applicable Laws relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, or financial recordkeeping and recording requirements
administered or enforced by any United States of America governmental agency, or any other jurisdiction in which any Borrower Entity
operates or conducts business.

Applicable Law means, with
respect to any Person, any constitution, statute, law, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, treaty, judgment, order or any published directive,
guideline, requirement or other governmental rule or restriction which has the force of law, by or from a court, arbitrator or other
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Person or any of its properties, whether in effect as of the date of this Agreement
or as of any date hereafter.

Applicable Regulations means
the final regulations with respect to Title XVII, at 10 CFR Part 609, and any other applicable regulations from time to time promulgated
to implement Title XVII.

Application has the meaning
given to such term in the preliminary statements.

Approved Construction Changes
means:

(a) any Construction Change that: (i) has
been submitted in writing by the Borrower to DOE (including an explanation in reasonable
detail of the reasons for such Construction Change); and (ii) has received a written
approval from DOE;

(b) for any Qualifying Project, any allocation
of Budgeted Contingencies to Project Costs set forth in the Construction Budget; and

(c) for any Qualifying Project, Construction
Changes that are in the Ordinary Course of Business and do not exceed two hundred fifty thousand
Dollars ($250,000) individually, and one million five hundred thousand Dollars ($1,500,000)
in the aggregate.

Authorized Transmitter means,
with respect to delivery of documentation: (a) by any Borrower Entity to DOE, the list of individuals designated as Authorized Transmitters
set forth in the relevant certificate delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(g) (Organizational Documents), 5.01(d) (Transaction
Documents) and 5.04(k) (Independent Engineers Certificate), as applicable, delivered by such Borrower Entity to
DOE prior to the Execution Date, as updated or modified, with the consent of DOE, from time to time; and (b) to FFB, each of the
individuals listed on the Certificate Specifying Authorized Borrower Officials.

Availability Period means
with respect to a Qualifying Project, the period commencing on the date all conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.03
(Conditions Precedent to Each First Advance Date) and Section 5.04 (Advance Approval Conditions Precedent)
herein shall have been satisfied or waived in full with respect to such Qualifying Project until and including the earliest of:

(a) the Availability Period End Date;

(b) the First Advance Longstop Date;

(c) the date that the Maximum QP Commitment
Amount for such Qualifying Project is fully disbursed;

(d) the date on which Final Construction Completion
occurs for such Qualifying Project;

A-4

(e) the additional date specified in the Accession
Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case
of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)); and

(f) the date of termination of obligations
to disburse any undisbursed amounts of the Guaranteed Loan following the occurrence of any
Event of Default.

Availability Period End Date
means September 15, 2031.

Bankruptcy Code means Title
11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101, et seq, as amended.

Base Case Financial Model
means a mechanically sound financial model prepared by the Borrower in good faith, showing financial projections and underlying assumptions,
in Excel form and otherwise in accordance with the Transaction Documents and Applicable Law, that are set forth on a monthly for each
Qualifying Project and on a quarterly basis for the Project Portfolio, to a date falling no sooner than twelve (12) months
after the Maturity Date, which projections: (a) are consistent with the then-applicable Project Budgets and Plans, reflective of
binding and proposed Sales Agreements, and reflect current and anticipated performance levels of the Qualifying Project and pricing assumptions
based on the then-current market environment; and (b) demonstrate, among other things, compliance with the Debt Sizing Parameters
and all other relevant financial covenants set out herein from the First Advance Date to the Maturity Date. References to Base
Case Financial Model refer to the Original Base Case Financial Model, the Execution Date Base Case Financial Model or any updated
Base Case Financial Model as set forth herein or approved by DOE in accordance with the Financing Documents.

Base Equity Commitment for
each Qualifying Project, has the meaning provided in the Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement for such Qualifying Project.

Base Equity Contributions
means, for any Qualifying Project, the deposit of immediately available funds in Dollars, related to a subscription of Equity Interests
in the Borrower, in discharge of a corresponding amount of the Base Equity Commitment for such Qualifying Project.

Board means the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).

Borrower has the meaning
given to such term in the preamble hereto.

Borrower Advance Date Certificate
has the meaning given to such term in Exhibit A (Form of Advance Request).

Borrower Entity means each
of:

(a) the Borrower Parties;

(b) the Sponsor;

(c) the Direct Parent; and

(d) any other Major Project Participant that
is an affiliate of the Borrower or Sponsor.

Borrower OpEx Account means
the account identified as the Borrower OpEx Account in the name of the Borrower pursuant to the Accounts Agreement to which
the Borrower is a party.

A-5

Borrower Party means each
of the Borrower and each Project Company.

Borrower Security Agreement
means the Security Agreement entered into as of the Execution Date between the Borrower and the Collateral Agent.

Borrower Shared Expense Agreement
means that certain Expense Allocation Agreement, dated as of the Execution Date, among Borrower, Limestone and each additional Project
Company that becomes party thereto in connection with the approval of such Project Companys Qualifying Project.

Brokers Letter of Undertaking
means each letter delivered or to be delivered by the Borrowers insurance broker to DOE in form and substance acceptable to DOE.

Budgeted Contingency means
the line item for Contingency included in each Construction Budget.

Business Day means any day
on which FFB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are both open for business.

Calculation Date means March 31,
June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each calendar year.

Capital Expenditures means
all expenditures that should be capitalized in accordance with the Designated Standards.

Capital Lease means, for
any Person, any lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) any property of such Person that would be required, in accordance
with the Designated Standards, to be capitalized and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person.

Capital Lease Obligations
means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement
conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and
accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under the Designated Standard, and the amount of such obligations shall
be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with the Designated Standard.

Cash Flow Available for Debt Service
means for any period, the sum determined in accordance with the Designated Standard for such period for each Qualifying Project of revenue
(excluding non-cash items and other extraordinary revenues, but including business interruption insurance received during such period
for an event that occurred during such period) received during such period, minus (a) cash operating and maintenance expenses;
(b) increases in working capital; (c) taxes paid with cash; and (d) Capital Expenditures.

Certificate Specifying Authorized Borrower
Officials has the meaning given to such term in a FFB Note Purchase Agreement.

CFIUS means the Committee
on Foreign Investment in the United States.

Change of Control means:

(a) any failure of the Sponsor to Control
the Borrower, any Project Company or the Direct Parent;

A-6

(b) any failure of the Sponsor to Control,
directly or indirectly, one hundred percent (100%) of the Equity Interests of the Borrower,
the Direct Parent and any Borrower Entity (excluding the Sponsor);

(c) any member of the board of directors of
any Borrower Entity (other than the Sponsor) being nominated or appointed by any person
other than the Sponsor, the Sponsors wholly-owned subsidiaries or board members nominated
by the Sponsor;

(d) any failure of the Direct Parent to directly
own one hundred percent (100%) of the Equity Interests of the Borrower;

(e) any failure of the Borrower to directly
own one hundred percent (100%) of the Equity Interests of each Project Company;

(f) as of the date a Person (other than a
Qualified Public Company Shareholder) first acquires direct or indirect ownership of ten
percent (10%) or more of the Equity Interests in the Borrower, such person is a Prohibited
Person;

(g) if the Sponsor ceases to be a Publicly
Traded Company, any event that results in the Sponsor being controlled by any person or affiliated
group of persons greater than ten percent (10%) of the Equity Interests of the Sponsor;
or

(h) for so long as the Sponsor is a Publicly
Traded Company, any person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3
and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan
of such person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent
or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) achieving:

(i)the
ability or power (whether pursuant to direct or indirect acquisition of the voting interest in outstanding equity interests of the Sponsor,
special authority, contract, agency or in any other manner, and including all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire,
whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) to:

(A)exercise
voting control over more than thirty-three percent (33%), on a fully diluted basis, of the voting interests in outstanding equity
interests of the Sponsor, that can be exercised at the general meeting of equity holders of the Sponsor;

(B)appoint
or remove all or more than thirty-three percent (33%) of the members of the management body of the Sponsor;

(C)Control
any operating or financial policies of the Sponsor which are binding upon the directors or equivalent personnel of the Sponsor;

(D)direct
the management or policies of the Sponsor; or

(ii)the
ownership of more than thirty-three percent (33%) of that part of the issued capital of the Sponsor corresponding to ordinary shares
or other equity interests having voting rights on a fully diluted basis.

Change Order means for any
Qualifying Project, any change order or variation order, amendment, supplement or modification in respect of such Qualifying Projects
Construction Contracts.

A-7

Closing Certificate has
the meaning given to such term in Section 5.01(h) (Execution Date Certificates).

Code means the United States
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Collateral means all real
and personal property of, and all equity interests in, all Borrower Parties, in each case, which is subject, from time to time to any
Lien granted or purported or intended to have been granted pursuant to any Security Documents.

Collateral Agent means Citibank,
N.A., acting through its Agency and Trust business in its capacity as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or any
successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to the Accounts Agreement.

Commercial Operations Date
has the meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Community Benefits Plan
means a plan, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, that considers each of the elements set forth in Section (V)(B) of
the Community Benefits Plan and Justice40 Initiative Guidance and contemplates a stakeholder engagement process satisfying the terms
described in Section (VI) of the Community Benefits Plan and Justice40 Initiative Guidance.

Community Benefits Plan and Justice40
Annual Report has the meaning given to such term in Section 8.02(c)(iii) (Labor Reporting and Justice40
Initiative Reporting Requirements).

Community Benefits Plan and Justice40
Initiative Guidance means the General Guidance for DOE Community Benefits Plans, including the General Guidance for Justice40
Implementation by the Department of Energy to the Justice40 Initiative established pursuant to Executive Order 14008, Tackling the Climate
Crisis at Home and Abroad, issued on January 27, 2021, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and such other
requirements for Community Benefits Plans, as defined in such guidance, as may be published by DOE, or notified in writing by DOE to
the Borrower, from time to time.

Compliance Certificate has
the meaning given to such term in Section 8.01(c) (Compliance Certificates).

Comptroller General means
Comptroller General of the United States.

Construction Account has
the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Construction Budget means
(a) in the case of the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, the construction budget for the Limestone Project, delivered to DOE
pursuant Section 5.05(k) (Construction Budget) in the form of Exhibit F1 (Limestone Construction
Budget) and (b) in the case of each subsequent Qualifying Project, the budget to achieve Project Completion for such Qualifying
Project (as identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project) that (a) sets
forth, on a monthly basis in an agreed level of detail, all anticipated Project Costs necessary to design, develop, construct and start-up
such Qualifying Project through Final Construction Completion (including the amount of any Project Costs paid through the date of such
Construction Budget); and (b) specifies on a line item and aggregate basis for all Project Costs: (i) the portions of any Project
Costs that constitute Eligible Project Costs; and (ii) the amount of any contingencies.

Construction Change has
the meaning given to such term in Section 9.07(a) (Approved Construction Changes; Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule;
Budgets).

A-8

Construction Contract means,
each of:

(a) each EPC Contract;

(b) each contract identified as such in the
Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning a Qualifying Project (or, in the
case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details));

(c) any other contracts, agreements and other
documents, including all material sub-contracts and all related guarantees or other credit
support instruments, for the design, engineering, procurement, construction, management,
startup and commissioning of each Qualifying Project;

(d) to the extent applicable, one or more
construction interface contracts executed by material contractors governing the interface
of construction activities on a Project Site and corresponding risk/liability allocation;
and

(e) any other document designated as a Construction
Contract by the Borrower and DOE.

Construction Contractor
means any party to any Construction Contract, excluding the Borrower Parties.

Construction Progress Report
means a monthly summary construction report, certified by the Borrower and the Independent Engineer as correct and not misleading in
any material respect, which shall include:

(a) a detailed assessment of the Qualifying
Projects performance in comparison with the Construction Budget and Qualifying Project
Milestone Schedule, in each case, then in effect for such period, including:

(i)basic
data relating to construction of the Qualifying Project;

(ii)a
description and explanation of any Event of Loss, Adverse Proceedings or other material disputes between the Project Company and any
Person; and

(iii)any
material non-compliance with any Required Approval then in effect;

(b) for the Qualifying Project, an updated
Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule and an updated Construction Budget, reflecting
any Approved Construction Changes (or certification that no changes or updates are then required);

(c) a statement that each Project is on schedule to
achieve: (i) the Physical Completion Date by the Scheduled Physical Completion Date
for such Qualifying Project; and (ii) the Project Completion Date by the Scheduled Project
Completion Date for such Qualifying Project; and

(d) for the Qualifying Project, a statement
that the aggregate amount expended for each Punch List Item does not exceed the aggregate
amount budgeted for such cost in the Construction Budget, except for Approved Construction
Changes.

Contest Claim means any
Tax or any Lien or other claim or payment of any nature.

A-9

Contingent Obligations means,
as to any Person, any obligation of such Person with respect to any Indebtedness (primary obligations) of any other
Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person,
whether or not contingent, as a guarantee or otherwise:

(a) for the purchase, payment or discharge
of any such primary obligation;

(b) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire
such primary obligations or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor,
including the obligation to make take or pay or similar payments;

(c) to advance or supply funds;

(d) to maintain working capital or equity
capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any
balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of the primary obligor;

(e) to purchase property, securities or services
primarily for the purpose of assuring the holder of any such primary obligation of the ability
of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; or

(f) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the
holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof, including with respect
to letter of credit obligations, swap agreements, foreign exchange contracts and other similar
agreements (including agreements relating to derivative instruments);

provided, that: (i) the term Contingent
Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (ii) the
amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation
in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum anticipated liability in respect
thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith.

Contractual Obligation means,
as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such
Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control means the power,
directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management or business or policies of a Person (whether through the ownership
of voting securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract, or otherwise); and the words Controlling,
Controlled, and similar constructions shall have corresponding meanings.

Controlled Affiliate means,
as applied to any Person, any Affiliate that is Controlled by such Person.

Copyrights means any and
all (a) copyright rights in any work subject to copyright laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, whether as author,
assignee, transferee or otherwise, including Mask Works (as defined under 17 U.S.C. 901 of the U.S. Copyright Act) (in each case,
whether registered or unregistered); (b) registrations and applications for registration of any such copyrights, including registrations,
extensions, renewals recordings, supplemental registrations and pending applications for registration in the United States Copyright
Office or any foreign equivalent office; and (c) other Copyrights as defined in the IP Security Agreement (if applicable).

A-10

Cost Overruns means all
actual aggregate Project Costs for each Qualifying Project in excess of Scheduled Project Costs for such Qualifying Project (excluding
any costs incurred and paid for prior to the start date of the Construction Budget for such Qualifying Project which costs are not included
in the Base Equity Commitment for such Qualifying Project), including (a) any liquidated damages payable by the applicable Project
Company under any Project Document to the extent such amounts exceed liquidated damages received by the Project Company under any Project
Document; (b) all debt service and other costs and expenses under the Financing Documents corresponding to Advances made for such
Qualifying Project; and (c) all other costs, expenses and liabilities incurred as a result of any delay in achieving Project Completion
for such Qualifying Project.

Cost Overrun Reserve Account
has the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

CPA Compliance Agreement
means any letter agreement by and between MARAD and one or more Borrower Entity with respect to such Borrower Entitys compliance
with the Cargo Preference Act of 1954 and all related implementing regulations with respect to CPA Goods.

CPA Goods means any equipment,
materials or commodities procured, contracted or obtained for each Qualifying Project, the cost of which has been or is projected to
be paid or reimbursed with proceeds of any Advance, and that may be transported by ocean vessel.

Credit Subsidy Cost means
the cost of a loan guarantee, as defined in Section 502(5)(C) of FCRA, as amended.

Currency of Denomination
has the meaning given to such term in Section 11.06 (Judgment Currency).

Data Protection Laws means
any and all foreign or domestic (including U.S. federal, state and local) Applicable Laws relating to the privacy, security, notification
of breaches, Processing of any data or information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual, household or device, whether
directly or indirectly, in each case, in any manner applicable to any Borrower Entity or any of its Subsidiaries.

Davis-Bacon Act means Subchapter
IV of Chapter 31 of Part A of Subtitle II of Title 40 of the United States Code, including and as implemented by the regulations
set forth in Parts 1, 3 and 5 of title 29 of the Code of Federal Regulations.

Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract
means any contract, agreement or other arrangement for the construction, alteration or repair (within the meaning of Section 276a
of the Davis-Bacon Act and 29 C.F.R. 5.2) of all or any portion of each Qualifying Project.

Davis-Bacon Act Requirements
means the requirement that all laborers and mechanics employed by contractors and subcontractors in the performance of construction work
financed in whole or in part by the Guaranteed Loan shall be paid wages at rates not less than those prevailing on projects of a character
similar in the locality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with the Davis-Bacon Act, and all regulations
related thereto, including those set forth in 29 CFR 5.5, and all notice, reporting and other obligations related thereto as required
by DOE, including the obligations under Section 7.16 (Davis-Bacon Act) and the inclusion of the provisions in Exhibit I
(Davis-Bacon Act Contract Provisions) and the appropriate wage determination(s) of the Secretary of Labor in each Davis-Bacon
Act Covered Contract.

DBA Compliance Matter means
any deviation from compliance with the applicable Davis-Bacon Act Requirements.

A-11

DBA Compliance Matter Contractor
means the DBA Contract Party that is party to the Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract giving rise to the DBA Compliance Matter.

DBA Contract Party means
any contractor, subcontractor (including any lower tier subcontractor) or other Person (other than any Borrower Entity) that is party
to a Davis-Bacon Act Covered Contract.

DBA Covered Contracts Schedule
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the schedule so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company
owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)).

DBA Holdback Account has
the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

DBA Retroactive Compliance Amount
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the sum of the aggregate back wages and fringe benefits owed to all DBA Contract Parties
as of the First Advance Date, based on work performed (a) in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, prior to the Effective
Date and (b) in the case of each other Qualifying Project, prior to such Qualifying Projects First Advance Date.

DBA Wage Determinations Schedule
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the schedule so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company
owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)).

Debarment Regulations means
all of the following: (a) Subpart 9.4 (Debarment, Suspension, and Ineligibility) of the Federal Acquisition Regulations, 48 C.F.R.
9.400 9.409; and (b) the Government-wide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement) regulations (Common Rule), 2 C.F.R.
200.214 implementing Executive Orders 12549 and 12689, and 2 C.F.R. Part 180, as supplemented by 2 C.F.R. Part 901.

Debt Service means, with
respect to any period, the sum of: (a) principal, interest, fees and other amounts paid or to be paid under the Financing Documents;
and (b) all other payments made or to be made with respect to other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower.

Debt Service Coverage Ratio
means: (a) the Historical Debt Service Coverage Ratio; or (b) the Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio, as applicable.

Debt Service Reserve Account
has the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Debt Sizing Parameters has
the meaning as set out in Section 2.06 (Determination of Advance Amounts).

Debt to Equity Ratio means,
as of any determination date, the ratio calculated as: (a) the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Guaranteed Loan
for the applicable Qualifying Project (including all interest that has been capitalized or that shall be capitalized pursuant to the
FFB Note); to (b) the aggregate amount of Base Equity Contributions made, as of such date.

Default means any event
or circumstance that with the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both would become an Event of Default.

Depositary Bank means Citibank,
N.A., acting through its Agency and Trust business in its capacity as depositary bank, or any successor depositary bank appointed from
to time to time pursuant to the Accounts Agreement.

A-12

Designated Standard means:

(a) with respect to the Borrower, GAAP or
IFRS (provided, that unless such standards are GAAP, any Financial Statements prepared
in accordance therewith shall include a reconciliation to GAAP, certified by the Independent
Auditor); and

(b) with respect to any Person other than
the Borrower, any of GAAP, IFRS or other applicable and appropriate generally accepted
accounting principles to which such Person is subject and that may be applicable thereto
from time to time.

Direct Agreement means each
direct agreement entered into between a Major Project Participant and the Collateral Agent in respect of each Major Project Document.

Direct Parent means Plug
Power Generation LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

Direct Parent Equity Pledge Agreement
means the Equity Pledge Agreement entered into as of the Execution Date between the Direct Parent and the Collateral Agent in respect
of the Equity Interests in the Borrower.

Disclosed Adverse Proceedings
means each other Adverse Proceeding disclosed in Schedule 6.08 (Disclosed Adverse Proceedings) and certified as true,
correct, and complete by the Borrower (as such schedule may be periodically updated as required herein or by mutual agreement) and,
in each case, that DOE has determined (in its discretion) will not prevent the conditions precedent to the Execution Date, the approval
of a Qualifying Project, or the making of an Advance, as applicable, from being satisfied.

Disposition means, with
respect to any property or assets, any single or series of related sales, transfers, conveyances, leases, licenses or other dispositions
thereof, and the terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings; provided, that the
term Disposition shall not include the creation or existence of any Permitted Lien, so long as no ownership is transferred
to any party pursuant thereto.

Distribution Account has
the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Distribution Suspense Account
has the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

DOE has the meaning given
to such term in the preamble hereto.

DOE Default Interest Rate
has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(d) (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations).

DOE Extraordinary Expenses
means, in connection with any technical, financial, legal or other difficulty experienced by any Qualifying Project (e.g. engineering
failure or financial workouts) that requires DOE to incur time or expenses (including third party expenses) beyond standard monitoring
and administration of the Financing Documents, in accordance with Section 1702(h) of Title XVII, the amounts that DOE determines
are required to: (a) reimburse DOEs additional internal administrative costs (including any costs to determine whether an
amendment or modification would be required that could constitute a modification (as defined in Section 502(9) of
FCRA)); and (b) any related fees and expenses of the Secured Party Advisors to the extent not paid directly by on or behalf of the
Borrower.

DOE Guarantee means each
guarantee issued by DOE in favor of FFB pursuant to a FFB Note Purchase Agreement.

A-13

DOE Guarantee Payment has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(c)(i) (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations).

DOL means the United States
Department of Labor.

Dollars or USD
or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

Drawstop Notice has the
meaning given to such term in Section 2.03(d) (Drawstop Notices).

Electrolyzer Supply Agreement
means each Electrolyzer Supply Agreement, in the form of Exhibit GG (Form of Electrolyzer Supply Agreement) entered
into between the Sponsor and a Project Company as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Electronic Certified Payroll System
means any electronic certified payroll reporting software that is compliant with the certified payroll requirements outlined in 29 CFR
5.5(a)(3)(ii).

Electronic Format means
an unalterable electronic format (including Portable Document Format (.pdf)) with a reproduction of signatures where required or such
other format as shall be mutually agreed between the Borrower and DOE.

Electronic Signature has
the meaning given to such term in Section 11.18 (Counterparts; Electronic Signatures).

Eligible Applicant has the
meaning given to such term in the Applicable Regulations.

Eligible Project has the
meaning given to such term in the Applicable Regulations.

Eligible Project Cost Reimbursement
Amounts means, with respect to any Qualifying Project, proceeds of an Advance for such Qualifying Project reimbursed to the
applicable Project Company for Eligible Project Costs that have been previously incurred and paid by the Project Company, as evidenced
by acceptable invoices.

Eligible Project Costs means
Project Costs that DOE has determined to be eligible costs in accordance with Section 609.2 and 609.10 of the Applicable Regulations.

Emergency means an unforeseeable
event, circumstance or condition (including as a result of an Event of Loss), that in the good faith judgment of the Borrower (and subsequently
confirmed by the Independent Engineer using information and facts that were available to the Borrower at the time that the applicable
mitigation measures were implemented) necessitates the taking of immediate measures to prevent or mitigate: (a) a life threatening
situation, safety, environmental or regulatory non-compliance concern, including breach of any Applicable Law; or (b) to prevent
or mitigate an event or circumstance not known or reasonably foreseeable prior to the preparation of the O&M Budget.

Emergency O&M Expenses
means those amounts required to be expended in order to prevent or mitigate an Emergency; provided, that such expenditures are
in an amount that does not exceed twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate amount of the O&M Expenses set forth in the then-current
O&M Budget.

Employee Benefit Plan means,
collectively: (a) all employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) including any Multiemployer
Plans which are or at any time have been maintained or sponsored by any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate or to which any Borrower Entity
or ERISA Affiliate has ever made, or been obligated to make, contributions or with respect to which any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate
has incurred or is likely to incur any liability or obligation; (b) all Pension Plans; and (c) all Qualified Plans.

A-14

Environmental Claim means
any and all obligations, liabilities, losses, abatements, administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, decrees, claims,
liens, judgments, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations, proceedings, actions or orders to clean-up, remove or remediate
any Hazardous Substances and any damages (foreseeable and unforeseeable, including consequential and punitive damages) or penalties arising
under any Environmental Law or any Governmental Approval issued under any such Environmental Law, including (a) any and all Indemnity
Claims by any Governmental Authority for enforcement, clean-up, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any
applicable Environmental Law, and (b) any and all Indemnity Claims by any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification,
cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from Hazardous Substances, the violation or alleged violation of any Environmental
Law or the violation or alleged violation of any Governmental Approval issued thereunder.

Environmental Laws means
any and all foreign, Federal, state, provincial, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees,
requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Applicable Law (including common law) regulating, relating or imposing liability
or standards of conduct concerning (i) protection of human health or safety as it relates to exposure to Hazardous Substances, the
environment or natural resources; or (ii) the presence, Release or threatened Release, generation, use, management, handling, transportation,
treatment, storage, or disposal of Hazardous Substances, in each case of clause (i) and (ii), as now or may at
any time hereafter be in effect.

EPC Contract means for each
Qualifying Project, an Engineering, Procurement and Construction Contract substantially similar to the Limestone EPC with all Qualifying
Project-specific details included therein acceptable to DOE and which satisfies the applicable requirements of Schedule 5.01(ee)
(Technical Conditions Precedent), or such other form as is acceptable to DOE, entered into between a Project Company and an
acceptable counterparty as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Equity Commitment and Completion Support
Agreement means each Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement, in the form of Exhibit U (Form of
Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement) entered into between the Sponsor, DOE and a Project Company as a condition to
the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Equity Documents means the
Sponsor Support Agreement, the Borrower Shared Expense Agreement, each Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement, each Make-Whole
Agreement, and Acceptable Credit Support under any such agreement, and any other agreements between the Sponsor and DOE regarding the
Borrower, any Project Company or any Qualifying Project.

Equity Funding Commitment
has the meaning provided in the Sponsor Support Agreement.

Equity Interests means any
and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent
ownership interests, including partnership interests, limited liability interests and trust beneficial interests, in a Person (other
than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing and all rights (including, but not limited
to, voting rights), and interests with respect to or derived from such equity interest.

Equity Owner means, with
respect to any Person, another Person holding Equity Interests in such first Person.

A-15

Equity Pledge Agreement
means the Direct Parent Equity Pledge Agreement, the Limestone Equity Pledge Agreement and each Project Company Equity Pledge Agreement.

ERISA means the United States
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means any
person, trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that would be deemed at any relevant time to be: (a) a single employer with
a Borrower Entity under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code; or (b) under common control with a Borrower
Entity under Section 4001 of ERISA.

ERISA Event means:

(a) a reportable event as defined in Section 4043
of ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the
PBGC by regulation has waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that
it be notified within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the existence of a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412
of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan shall be a reportable
event for the purposes of this paragraph (a) regardless of the issuance
of any waiver;

(b) a withdrawal by any Borrower Entity or
ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan or the termination of any Pension Plan resulting in liability
under Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA;

(c) the withdrawal of any Borrower Entity
or ERISA Affiliate in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4201,
4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any liability with respect
to such withdrawal, or the receipt by any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate of notice from
any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA;

(d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate
any Pension Plan, or the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination, or the termination
of any Pension Plan under Section 4041 or 4042 of ERISA, or the termination of any Multiemployer
Plan under Section 4041A of ERISA; or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to
terminate, or to appoint a trustee to administer, a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan;

(e) the present value of all non-forfeitable
accrued benefits under any Pension Plan (using the actuarial assumptions utilized by the
PBGC upon termination of an employee pension benefit plan subject to Title IV of ERISA) (in
the opinion of DOE) materially exceeding the fair market value of the Pension Plans
assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the most recent valuation date for
each such Pension Plan;

(f) the imposition of liability on any Borrower
Entity or ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Sections 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason
of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA;

(g) the failure by the Borrower or an ERISA
Affiliate to make any required contribution under Section 412 or 430 of the Code to
an Employee Benefit Plan, the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 302
of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not
waived), the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 303(j) of
ERISA or Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure
to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan under Section 304 of ERISA
or Section 431 of the Code;

A-16

(h) an event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of,
or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan;

(i) the imposition of any liability under
Title I or Title IV of ERISA (other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007
of ERISA) upon any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate;

(j) an application for a funding waiver under
Section 302(c) of ERISA or Section 412(c) of the Code with respect to
any Pension Plan;

(k) the imposition of any lien on any of the
rights, properties or assets of any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate, or the posting of
a bond or other security by of such entities, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV of
ERISA or to Section 412, 430, or 436 of the Code;

(l) the making of any amendment to any Pension
Plan that could directly result in the imposition of a lien or the posting of a bond or other
security;

(m) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited
transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA);

(n) the determination that an Employee Benefit
Plans qualification or tax-exempt status under Section 401(a) of the Code
has been or could be revoked;

(o) a determination that any Employee Benefit
Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 303(i)(4) of
ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code);

(p) the receipt by any Borrower Entity or
ERISA Affiliate of any notice of the imposition of withdrawal liability or of a determination
that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in endangered or critical
status within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA or Section 432 of the Code; or

(q) the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event.

Estoppel Certificate means
the estoppel certificate in the form of Exhibit KK (Form of Estoppel Certificate).

Event of Default has the
meaning given to such term in Section 10.01 (Events of Default).

Event of Force Majeure means
an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of, and not the result of the fault or negligence of, the Borrower, and that could
not have been prevented by the exercise of reasonable diligence by the Borrower, including any act of God, fire, flood, severe weather,
epidemic, equipment failure, failure or delay in issuance of Governmental Approvals (provided that the Borrower is using commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain such Governmental Approval) or other acts or inaction of Governmental Authorities (but which act or inaction
the Borrower must be using commercially reasonable efforts to contest or reverse), change in Applicable Law, default by suppliers or
contractors, quarantine restriction, explosion, sabotage, strike or other material labor disruption, act of war, act or threat of terrorism
or riot or civil commotion.

A-17

Event of Loss means any
condemnation, expropriation or taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of any portion of any Project or Collateral, or any other
event that causes any portion of any Qualifying Project or the Collateral to be damaged, destroyed or rendered unfit for normal use for
any reason whatsoever, including through a failure of title (or defect therein) or any damage, destruction or loss of such property.

Excess Advance Amount means,
on any date of determination with respect to any Advance under the FFB Notes, an amount equal to the total proceeds of such Advance that
were (a) applied by the Borrower to reimburse itself for applicable Project Costs incurred and paid but which did not constitute
Eligible Project Costs relating to the FFB Notes for which such Advance was sought; or (b) not applied by the Borrower to pay or
reimburse itself for Eligible Project Costs incurred and invoiced relating to the FFB Notes for which such Advance was sought unless
the date for the projected payment or reimbursement, identified at the time such Advance was sought, for those Eligible Project Costs
has not yet occurred.

Excess Guaranteed Loan Amount
means the (a) amount by which the aggregate principal amount of all Advances made under the FFB Notes exceeds the Maximum Principal
Amount, (b) amount by which the aggregate principal amount of all Advances made under the FFB Note for a specific Qualifying Project
exceeds the Maximum QP Principal Amount for such Qualifying Project, or (c) aggregate amount of Advances that otherwise is inconsistent
with the Debt Sizing Parameters.

Execution Date means the
date on which all of the conditions precedent set out in Section 5.01 (Conditions Precedent to the Execution Date)
have been satisfied or waived and the Guaranteed Loan is fully executed and delivered by all parties thereto.

Execution Date Base Case Financial
Model has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.01(j) (Base Case Financial Model).

Execution Date Conditions Precedent
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.01 (Conditions Precedent to the Execution Date).

Extraordinary Amount means
any cash or other amounts or receipts any Qualifying Project received by, on behalf of or on account of the Borrower or, to the extent
received in connection with any Qualifying Project, any Borrower Entity, not in the Ordinary Course of Business, including: (a) indemnification
payments; (b) any cash or other receipts in the nature of indemnification payments under or in respect of any acquisition documentation
or any related documentation; and (c) any judgment or settlement proceeds, or other consideration of any kind received in connection
with any cause of action or proceeding.

Extraordinary Proceeds Account
has the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Facility means a single
electrolyzer and liquefaction facility for the production and liquefaction of low carbon hydrogen with electricity provided
from renewable or nuclear generation energy sources, each of which will be owned by a different Project Company.

Facility Fee means an amount
equal to six-tenths of one percent (0.6%) of the Maximum Principal Amount.

FCRA means the Federal Credit
Reform Act of 1990, P.L. 101-508, 104 Stat. 1388-609 (1990), as amended by P.L. 105-33, 111 Stat. 692 (1997).

Federal Funding means any
funds obtained from the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof, including funding under any other loan program.

A-18

Federal Support Restriction Certification
means a certification by the applicable Person that no funds, personnel, property (tangible or intangible) of any federal agency,
instrumentality, personnel or affiliated entity are expected to be used (directly or indirectly) through acquisitions, contracts, demonstrations,
exchanges, grants, incentives, leases, procurements, sales or other transaction authority, or other arrangements, to support a Qualifying
Project except to the extent that such Qualifying Project benefits from any of the exemptions set forth in Section 50141(d) of
the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, Public Law No. 117-169 (which specific exemptions shall be specified in conjunction with such
certification at the time given, substantially consistent in all material respects with the exemptions described in the federal support
restriction certificate, dated February 23, 2024, and delivered by the Borrower to DOE and OMB prior to execution of the conditional
commitment letter, or otherwise acceptable to DOE).

FFB means the Federal Financing
Bank, an instrumentality of the United States government created by the Federal Financing Bank Act of 1973, as amended, that is under
the general supervision of the Secretary of Treasury.

FFB Borrowers Instruments
means the Borrowers Instruments as defined in Section 3.2 (Borrower Instruments) of a FFB Note Purchase
Agreement.

FFB Document means:

(a) the FFB Program Financing Agreement;

(b) each FFB Note Purchase Agreement;

(c) each DOE Guarantee;

(d) the FFB Notes;

(e) the FFB Borrowers Instruments;

(f) the FFB Secretarys Instruments;
and

(g) any other documents, certificates, and
instruments required in connection with the foregoing.

FFB Notes means each promissory
note to be issued by the Borrower in favor of FFB in accordance with other FFB Documents to induce FFB to advance funds thereunder to
the Borrower, as such note may be amended, supplemented, substituted and restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

FFB Note Installment has
the meaning given to such term in Section 3.02(b) (Payments).

FFB Note Obligations means,
collectively, the unpaid principal of and interest on Advances made under the FFB Notes, the FFB Note Reimbursement Obligations and all
other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in the FFB Documents
after maturity of the relevant Advances and Reimbursement Obligations and Post-Petition Interest) to DOE or FFB or any subsequent holder
or holders of such FFB Notes (on any portion thereof), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now
existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, the FFB Notes, the FFB Note Purchase
Agreements, the FFB Program Financing Agreement, the Security Documents, or any other document made, delivered or given in connection
with any of the foregoing, in each case, whether on account of principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, attorneys or other
Secured Party Advisors fees and disbursements, reimbursement obligations, prepayment premiums, indemnities, costs, or otherwise
(including all fees and Advances made with respect to the FFB Notes of DOE or FFB or any subsequent holder or holders of such FFB Notes
(or any portion thereof) that are required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any of the foregoing agreements).

A-19

FFB Note Purchase Agreement
means (a) the FFB Note Purchase Agreement entered into between the Borrower, the Secretary of Energy and FFB on the Execution Date
in connection with the Initial Qualifying Project and (b) each other FFB Note Purchase Agreement entered into between the Borrower,
the Secretary of Energy and FFB in connection with one or more subsequent Qualifying Projects.

FFB Note Reimbursement Obligations
means any Reimbursement Obligations of the Borrower to DOE arising under, out of, pursuant to or in connection with the FFB Notes.

FFB Program Financing Agreement
means the Program Financing Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2009, between FFB and the Secretary of Energy.

FFB Secretarys Instruments
means the Secretarys Instruments as defined in Section 3.3 (Secretarys Instruments) of a FFB
Note Purchase Agreement.

Final Construction Completion
has the meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Final Construction Completion Date
means, with respect to any Qualifying Project, the date that Final Construction Completion has occurred.

Financial Advisor means
Greengate LLC or such other advisor appointed by DOE.

Financial Officer means,
with respect to any Person, the general manager, any director, the chief financial officer, the controller, the treasurer or any assistant
treasurer, any vice president of finance or any assistant vice president of finance or any other vice president or assistant vice president
with significant responsibility for the financial affairs of such Person.

Financial Statements means,
with respect to any Person, for any period, the balance sheet of such Person as at the end of such period and the related statements
of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for such period and for the period from the beginning of the then-current Fiscal
Year to the end of such period, together with all notes thereto, with comparable figures for the corresponding period of the previous
Fiscal Year, each prepared (except where otherwise noted herein) in accordance with the Designated Standard.

Financing Document means
each of:

(a) this Agreement;

(b) each FFB Document;

(c) each Security Document;

(d) the Equity Documents;

(e) each Acceptable Letter of Credit, if any,
delivered pursuant to any Financing Document;

(f) each agreement between any Secured Party
and any holder of Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Borrower Party regarding certain
obligations, conditions, representations or covenants in relation to the Borrower, such Borrower
Party or the Qualifying Project, as applicable; and

(g) each other certificate, document, instrument
or agreement executed and delivered by any Borrower Party for the benefit of any Secured
Party in connection with any of the foregoing.

A-20

Financing Document Amounts
means any amounts payable or allegedly payable by the Borrower to FFB under any provision of any Financing Document, other than Section 4.01
(Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations).

First Advance means, with
respect to each Qualifying Project, the first Advance of the Guaranteed Loan advance for such Qualifying Project occurring on the relevant
First Advance Date.

First Advance Date means,
with respect to each Qualifying Project, the date on which the first Advance of the Guaranteed Loan for such Qualifying Project has been
made in accordance with this Agreement.

First Advance Longstop Date
means the date that is five (5) years from the Execution Date.

First Interest Payment Date
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the first Payment Date to occur after the earliest of (a) the First Principal Payment
Date for such Qualifying Project, (b) the Commercial Operations Date of such Qualifying Project, and (c) the date on which
capitalized interest on the FFB Note for such Qualifying Project reaches the Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount.

First Principal Payment Date
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the date, such date being a Payment Date, so identified in the Accession Agreement executed
by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details)). The Execution Date Base Case Financial Model anticipates that this date will be twelve (12) months
after the guaranteed completion date under the EPC Contract for each Qualifying Project.

First Priority means, with
respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Security Document, that such Lien:

(a) has been validly created and perfected
under all Applicable Law;

(b) is the only Lien to which such Collateral
is subject, other than any Permitted Lien; and

(c) is the most senior Lien on such Collateral
other than Permitted Liens.

Fiscal Quarter means the
three (3)-month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each Fiscal Year.

Fiscal Year means with respect
to:

(a) the Borrower, the period beginning on
January 1 and ending on December 31; and

(b) any other Person, such Persons
financial year.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Ltd.

A-21

Foreign Plan means any employee
benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement not subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, including any defined
benefit pension plan maintained, contributed to or sponsored by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of employees
employed outside the United States, other than any such plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement that is funded through a trust
or funding vehicle maintained exclusively by a Governmental Authority.

Foreign Plan Event means,
with respect to any Foreign Plan:

(a) the existence of unfunded liabilities
in excess of the amount permitted under any Applicable Law, or in excess of the amount that
would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority;

(b) the failure to make the required contributions
or payments, under any Applicable Law, on or before the due date for such contributions or
payments;

(c) the receipt of a notice from a Governmental
Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency
of any such Foreign Plan;

(d) the incurrence of liability by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries under Applicable Law on account of the complete or partial termination
of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer
therein; or

(e) the occurrence of any transaction that
is prohibited under any Applicable Law and that would reasonably be expected to result in
the incurrence of any liability to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the imposition
on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any fine, excise tax or penalty resulting from
any non-compliance with any Applicable Law.

Form of Advance Request
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.03(a) (Advance Requests).

Fund Parties means, with
respect to an investment fund, such funds general partner, managing member, investment manager and/or fund administrator, as applicable.

Funds Withdrawal/Transfer Certificate
has the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time.

Governmental Approval means
any approval, consent, authorization, license, permit, order, certificate, qualification, waiver, exemption, or variance, or any other
action of a similar nature, of or by a Governmental Authority, including any of the foregoing that are or may be deemed given or withheld
by failure to act within a specified time period.

Governmental Authority means
any federal, state, county, municipal, or regional authority, or any other entity of a similar nature, exercising any executive, legislative,
judicial, regulatory, or administrative function of government.

Governmental Judgment means,
with respect to any Person, any judgment, order, decision or decree, or any action of a similar nature, of or by a Governmental Authority
having jurisdiction over such Person or any of its properties.

A-22

Guarantee means, as to any
Person, obligations, contingent or otherwise (including a Contingent Obligation), guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing
any Indebtedness of another Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation:

(a) to purchase or pay any Indebtedness or
to purchase or provide security for the payment of any Indebtedness;

(b) to purchase or lease property, securities
or services for the purpose of assuring the payment of any Indebtedness;

(c) to maintain working capital, equity capital
or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of any other Person; or

(d) in respect of any letter of credit, letter
of guaranty or bond issued to support any obligation or Indebtedness,

except that the term Guarantee shall not include
endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business.

Guaranteed Loan has the
meaning given to such term in Section 2.01 (Guaranteed Loan).

Guaranteed Obligations has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.06(a) (Guarantee).

Guarantor means the United
States Department of Energy.

Hazardous Substance means
any substances, chemicals, materials or wastes defined, listed, classified or regulated as hazardous, toxic or a pollutant or contaminant
in, or for which standards are imposed by any Governmental Authority or under, any applicable Environmental Laws, including: (a) any
petroleum or petroleum by products (including gasoline, crude oil or any fraction thereof), flammable, explosives, radioactive materials,
asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, per and polyfluoroalkyl substances, and polychlorinated
biphenyls; and (b) any other chemical, material or substance of which the storage, transport, use, Release, or disposal of, or exposure
to, is prohibited, limited or otherwise regulated under any Environmental Law.

Hedging Agreement means
any agreement or instrument (including a cap, swap, collar, option, forward purchase agreement or other similar derivative instrument)
relating to the hedging of any interest under any Indebtedness, including any foreign currency trading or other speculative transactions
with respect to the hedging of such interest.

Historical Debt Service Coverage Ratio
means, as of any Calculation Date, the ratio of: (a) actual Cash Flow Available for Debt Service for the immediately preceding twelve (12) month
period, to (b) aggregate Debt Service payable during such period.

Historical Financial Statements
means as of the Execution Date, the (a) audited Financial Statements of the Sponsor for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2023,
and (b) unaudited quarterly Financial Statements of (i) the Borrower and the Direct Parent for the quarter ending September 30, 2024,
and (ii) the Sponsor for the preceding four (4) quarters ending September 30, 2024.

Hydrogen Production Activities
means any activity, including any manufacturing related to such activities, or action of a Party in the production of hydrogen using
a proton exchange membrane electrolyzer.

A-23

IFRS means the International
Financial Reporting Standards, adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time.

Indebtedness means, with
respect to any Person, without duplication:

(a)all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind;

(b)all
obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments;

(c)all
obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person;

(d)all
obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred
in the Ordinary Course of Business and obligations in respect of the funding of plans under ERISA);

(e)all
Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise,
to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed;

(f)all
Guarantees by such Person;

(g)all
Capital Lease Obligations of such Person;

(h)all
obligations, contingent or otherwise (including Contingent Obligations), of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of
credit and letters of guaranty or as a purchaser counterparty to a put agreement or such other similar agreement relating to the purchase
of preferred stock of any of its Subsidiaries;

(i)all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances;

(j)net
obligations of such Person under any rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions,
commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond
index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign
exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap
transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including
any options to enter into any of the foregoing); and

(l)all
obligations of such Person to redeem or purchase its preferred stock that are classified as indebtedness under the Designated Standard;

provided, that the Indebtedness of any
Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner)
to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such
entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.

A-24

Indebtedness for Borrowed Money
means, as to any Person, without duplication: (a) all indebtedness (including principal, interest, fees and charges) of such Person
for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than any deferral: (i) in connection with the
provision of credit in the Ordinary Course of Business by any trade creditor or utility; or (ii) of any amounts payable under the
Project Documents); or (b) the aggregate amount required to be capitalized under any Capital Lease under which such Person is the
lessee.

Indemnified Liability has
the meaning given to such term in Section 11.07 (Indemnification).

Indemnified Party has the
meaning given to such term in Section 11.07 (Indemnification).

Indemnity Claims has the
meaning given to such term in Section 11.07 (Indemnification).

Independent Auditor means
Deloitte LLP or such other firm of independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing as may be appointed by
the Borrower from time to time with the prior written approval of DOE.

Independent Engineer means
NexantECA, L.L.C., or such other Person appointed from time to time by DOE to act as technical advisor engineer in connection with the
Project Portfolio.

Ineligible Project Costs
means Project Costs that do not constitute Project Costs as determined by the Guarantor in accordance with Section 609.10
of the Applicable Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, Ineligible Project Costs shall include those costs set forth in Section 609.10(d) of
the Applicable Regulations.

Initial First Advance means
the first Advance of the Guaranteed Loan made in accordance with this Agreement.

Initial First Advance Longstop Date
means the date that is eighteen (18) months from the Execution Date.

Initial Maintenance Fee
means the two hundred thousand ($200,000) Dollars payable to DOE in advance before the issuance of the DOE Guarantee to be
issued on the Execution Date.

Initial Qualifying Project
means the first Qualifying Project under this Agreement, which will be the Limestone Project after the Limestone Project has satisfied
the conditions of Section 5.05 (Conditions Precedent to Qualifying Projects).

Insolvency Proceeding means
any one or more of the following under any Applicable Law, in any jurisdiction and whether voluntary or involuntary:

(a) any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation,
company reorganization, restructuring, controlled management, suspension of payments or scheme
of arrangement with respect to any Borrower Entity, including the Bankruptcy Code;

(b) any appointment of a provisional or interim
liquidator, receiver, trustee, administrative receiver or other custodian for all or any
substantial part of the property of any Borrower Entity;

(c) any notification, resolution or petition
for winding up or similar proceeding with respect to any Borrower Party; or

(d) any issuance of a warrant or attachment,
execution or similar process against all or any substantial part of the property of any Borrower
Party.

A-25

Insurance Consultant means
BDO USA, P.C., or such other Person appointed from time to time by DOE to act as insurance consultant in connection with each Project.

Intellectual Property means
any and all rights, priorities and privileges with respect to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational
or foreign laws or otherwise, including any and all of the following, as they exist anywhere in the world, whether registered or unregistered
and including all registrations, issuances and applications therefor (whether or not any such applications are modified, withdrawn, abandoned
or resubmitted) and all extensions and renewals thereof:

(a) Patents;

(b) Trademarks;

(c) Copyrights;

(d) Software;

(e) trade secrets and other confidential or
proprietary information, including know-how, inventions, processes, procedures, algorithms,
Source Code, databases, concepts, ideas, research or development information, techniques,
technical information and data, specifications, methods, discoveries, modifications, extensions,
and customer and supplier lists, in each case, whether or not reduced to a written or other
tangible form (collectively, Trade Secrets);

(f) domain names, registrations and Internet
addresses;

(g) design registrations, and rights in databases
and data compilations; and

(h) all other intellectual property or industrial
property rights and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world.

Intended Prepayment Date
means the date identified in the Prepayment Election Notice as the particular date on which the Borrower intends to make the prepayment
specified therein, which date must be a Business Day and shall not be on a Payment Date or the last day of any Fiscal Quarter.

International Compliance Directives
means all:

(a) Anti-Corruption Laws; and

(b) Sanctions.

Investment means, for any
Person:

(a) the acquisition (whether for cash, property,
services or securities or otherwise) or holding of Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures,
partnership or other ownership interests or other securities of or in any other Person;

(b) the making of any deposit with, or advance,
loan or any other extension of credit to, any other Person or any guarantee of, or other
Contingent Obligation with respect to, any Indebtedness or other liability of any other Person
and (without duplication) any amount committed to be deposited, advanced, lent or extended
to, or guaranteed on behalf of, any other Person; and

(c) the acquisition of any similar property,
right or interest of or in any other Person.

A-26

Investment Company Act means
the United States Investment Company Act of 1940.

Investment Tax Credit means
the federal investment tax credit available under Section 48 of the Code.

IP Security Agreement means:

(a) in the case of the Initial Qualifying
Project, the intellectual property security agreement or other relevant documents so identified
on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details);

(b) with respect to each other Qualifying
Project, the intellectual property security agreement or other relevant documents so identified
in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project;
and

(c) each other intellectual property security
agreement necessary or appropriate to create or perfect the Secured Parties Lien in
the Intellectual Property owned by, or registered copyrights exclusively licensed to, the
Borrower and applied for, registered or issued in the United States.

IT Systems has the meaning
given to such term in Section 6.41 (Information Technology; Cyber Security).

Judgment Currency has the
meaning given to such term in Section 11.06 (Judgment Currency).

Knowledge means, with respect
to:

(a) any Borrower Entity, the actual knowledge
of any Principal Persons of the Borrower or such Borrower Entity or any knowledge that should
have been obtained by any Principal Person of the Borrower or such Borrower Party upon reasonable
investigation and inquiry; and

(b) any other Person, the actual knowledge
of any such Person or any knowledge that should have been obtained by such Person upon reasonable
investigation and inquiry.

KYC Parties has the meaning
given to such term in Section 5.01(b)(ii) (KYC Requirements).

Late Charge has the meaning
given to such term in the FFB Notes.

Late Charge Rate has the
meaning given to such term in the FFB Notes.

Lease means any agreement
that would be characterized in the Designated Standards as an operating lease.

A-27

Lender Force Majeure Event
means any act, event or circumstance that is beyond the control of any Secured Party or such partys respective agents, including
any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation of any Governmental Authority (other than FFB or DOE, unless DOE
or FFB, as the case may be, is issuing such regulation in compliance with Applicable Law), any act of God, fire, flood, severe weather,
epidemic, quarantine restriction, explosion, sabotage, strike or other material labor disruption, act of war, act of terrorism, riot,
civil commotion, lapse of the statutory authority of the United States Department of Treasury to raise cash through the issuance of United
States Department of Treasury debt instruments, the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire, disruption or failure of the Treasury
Financial Communications System or facsimile or other wire or communication facility, closure of the United States federal government,
unforeseen or unscheduled closure or evacuation of such Secured Partys office or any other similar event.

Lien means, with respect
to any asset:

(a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge,
hypothecation, encumbrance, license, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset;

(b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under
any conditional sale agreement, Capital Lease or title retention agreement (or any financing
lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to
such asset; and

(c) in the case of securities, any purchase
option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.

Limestone has the meaning
given to such term in the preamble hereto.

Limestone EPC means that
certain Lump Sum Turnkey Engineering, Procurement and Construction Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2023, between Limestone and
TIC The Industrial Company.

Limestone Project means
the hydrogen production facility with a nameplate capacity of approximately forty-five (45) metric tons per day, and with,
among other things, liquefaction, storage and truck loading located in or near Graham, Texas.

Limestone Equity Pledge Agreement
means the Equity Pledge Agreement entered into as of the Execution Date between the Borrower and the Collateral Agent in respect of the
Equity Interests in Limestone.

Limestone Security Agreement
means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the Execution Date, between Limestone and the Collateral Agent.

Liquefaction Supply Agreement
means each Liquefaction Supply Agreement, in the form of Exhibit HH (Form of Liquefaction Supply Agreement) entered
into between the Sponsor and a Project Company as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Loan Servicer means the
United States Department of Energy.

Loss Proceeds means all
proceeds (other than any proceeds of business interruption insurance, delay in start-up insurance and proceeds covering liability of
the Borrower Parties to third parties) resulting from an Event of Loss.

Loss Proceeds Account has
the meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Maintenance Fee means a
maintenance fee in respect of DOEs administrative expenses in servicing and monitoring each Qualifying Project and the Financing
Documents during the construction, start-up, commissioning and operation of such Qualifying Project. The Maintenance Fee payable annually
shall be the Initial Maintenance Fee, as increased by each Qualifying Project Increase.

A-28

Major Construction Contract
means the Limestone EPC, each EPC Contract and each other contract so identified for any Qualifying Project in the Accession Agreement
executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

Major Maintenance Plan means
a description and schedule of planned expenditures and activities such as internal inspections and cleanings, component replacements,
or repairs performed on major equipment or systems of the Project, as recommended by the original equipment manufacturers and Prudent
Industry Practices for the purpose of extending the life and reliable operation of the asset for a period greater than one year,
which will be updated periodically in accordance with the terms of this agreement.

Major Offtake Agreement
means any agreement between a Project Company and a third party for the purchase of Product produced by its Qualifying Project.

Major Operating Contract
means each contract so identified for any Qualifying Project in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying
Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

Major Project Document means
each of:

(a) each Major Construction Contract;

(b) each Major Supply Contract;

(c) each Major Offtake Agreement;

(d) each Major Operating Contract;

(e) each Real Property Document;

(f) each Truck Agreement;

(g) each other contract so identified for
any Qualifying Project in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44
(Initial Qualifying Project Details));

(h) each Additional Project Document, if any,
under which (i) any Borrower Party is reasonably expected to have aggregate obligations
or liabilities in excess of five million Dollars ($5,000,000) in any calendar year during
its term; or (ii) the breach, non-performance, cancellation or early termination of
which has, or could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect any Borrower
Party or any Qualifying Project;

(i) any other Project Document if, but only
if, the Borrower and DOE agree that such document shall be treated as a Major Project
Document; and

(j) any material support instrument provided
in connection with any of the preceding.

Major Project Participant
means each party (other than the Borrower or a Project Company) to a Major Project Document, but only for so long as any actual
or contingent obligation of such person or entity remains outstanding, in whole or in part, under the corresponding Major Project Document
or the Financing Documents to which it is a party.

A-29

Major Project Participant Breach
has the meaning given to such term in Section 10.01(e)(ii) (Breach or Default Under Major Project Documents).

Major Supply Contract means
each Power Supply Agreement, each Sponsor Supply Agreement, each Water Supply Agreement, each Utility Contract and each other supply
contract for the supply of goods or services so identified for any Qualifying Project in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project
Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)).

Make-Whole Agreement means
each Make-Whole Agreement, in the form of Exhibit W (Form of Make-Whole Agreement) entered into between the Sponsor,
DOE and a Project Company as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

Make-Whole Provider means
the Sponsor in its capacity under each Make-Whole Agreement.

Mandatory Prepayment means
the prepayment of any outstanding Guaranteed Loan, in whole or in part pursuant to Section 3.05(c) (Mandatory Prepayments).

Mandatory Prepayment Amounts
has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.05(c)(i) (Mandatory Prepayments).

Mandatory Prepayment Event
has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.05(c)(i) (Mandatory Prepayments).

MARAD means the United States
Department of Transportations Maritime Administration.

Market Consultant means
NERA Economic Consulting, or such other Person appointed from time to time by DOE to act as market insurance consultant in connection
with each Project.

Material Adverse Effect
means, as determined by DOE as of any date, a material and adverse effect on:

(a) the business, operations, assets, property
or condition (financial or otherwise) of any Borrower Party or any Major Project Participant;

(b) any Qualifying Project or Project Site;

(c) the ability of any Borrower Party or any
Major Project Participant to perform and comply with its payment obligations or any of its
material obligations in a timely manner under any Transaction Document to which it is a party;

(d) the validity or enforceability of any
material provision under any Transaction Document;

(e) the validity, priority, perfection or
enforceability of the Secured Parties security interests in and liens on the Collateral
or the ability of any Secured Party to exercise its rights and obligations in respect of
the Collateral; or

(f) any material right, remedy or benefit
available to or conferred upon DOE or any other Secured Party under any Transaction Document.

A-30

Maturity Date means March 5,
2043.

Maximum Capitalized Interest Amount
has the meaning given to such term in each FFB Note, as such amount may be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.01(a) (Purchase
of the FFB Notes).

Maximum Debt to Equity Ratio
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the Debt to Equity Ratio so specified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project
Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)). The Execution Date Base Case Financial Model anticipates that this ratio will not exceed 65:35.

Maximum Guaranteed Loan Amount
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.01 (Loan).

Maximum Principal Amount
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.01 (Loan).

Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the amount so specified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)).

Maximum QP Commitment Amount
has the meaning given to Maximum Principal Amount in each FFB Note for a Qualifying Project, as such amount may be adjusted
from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.

Maximum QP Loan Amount with
respect to each Qualifying Project, means the sum of the Maximum QP Principal Amount and the Maximum QP Capitalized Interest Amount for
such Qualifying Project. The Maximum QP Loan Amount for each Qualifying Project shall be the lower of (a) eighty percent (80%)
of the Eligible Project Costs for such Qualifying Project (including capitalized interest) and (b) a proportion of the calculated
collateral value for such Qualifying Project, equal to the net present value of the pre-tax net cash flows generated by the Qualifying
Project from the sale of Product net of all fixed and variable operating costs, as determined by DOE (or, in the case of the Initial
Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

Maximum QP Principal Amount
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the amount so specified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project, as the same may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.02(b) (Loan Commitment Amount Reductions).

Minimum Operating Account Balance
means the Account Funding Requirement (as defined in the applicable Accounts Agreement) for the Operating Account of the applicable Project
Company.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc.

Mortgage means the Mortgage,
Deed of Trust, or other similar instrument or agreement meeting the statutory requirements of the State when a Qualifying Project is
located, in form and substance satisfactory to DOE, Pledge of Leases and Rents, and Security by a Project Company in favor of the Collateral
Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties dated on or prior to the First Advance Date of such Qualifying Project and creating a First Priority
Lien on the applicable Project Site

Multiemployer Plan means
a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA which any
Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate contributes to or participates in, or with respect to which any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate
has or in the past has had any liability or other obligation (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise).

A-31

NEPA means the National
Environmental Policy Act, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., and all regulations promulgated thereunder, and publicly available determinations,
as either amended or modified from time to time.

Net Amount means, with respect
to any proceeds received by any Borrower Party, the total amount of such proceeds minus: (a) any Taxes paid or payable in connection
with such proceeds; and (b) any external legal fees and filing fees incurred to obtain such proceeds (and excluding any amount paid
or payable to any Affiliate of any Borrower Party).

Net Production Tax Credit Proceeds
means an amount equal to (a) the cash payment or proceeds received by the taxpayer owner of any PTCs generated by a Qualifying Project
from the sale, transfer or direct payment of such PTCs, minus (b) the sum of (i) all documented out-of-pocket fees and
expenses, including attorneys and other professional and consultant fees and expenses, incurred by such taxpayer owner and Qualifying
Project in connection with the sale of such PTCs, plus (ii) all federal, state and local taxes, actually paid or payable
by such taxpayer owner on the PTC payment or proceeds described in clause (a), plus (iii) all amounts paid or
payable to any party in accordance with any agreement for the sale or supply of Product produced at such Qualifying Project and in respect
of which such agreement the Product sold or supplied gave rise to such PTCs.

Non-Appealable means, with
respect to any Required Approval, unless otherwise agreed by DOE: (a) such Required Approval is not subject to any pending appeal,
intervention or similar proceeding (including any Adverse Proceeding) or any unsatisfied condition which may result in withdrawal, suspension,
withholding, termination, modification or revocation; and (b) all applicable appeal periods have expired (except for any Required
Approval which does not have any limit on an appeal period under Applicable Law).

O&M Agreement means
each Operation, Maintenance and Management Services Agreement, in the form of Exhibit X (Form of O&M Agreement)
entered into between the Sponsor and a Project Company as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

O&M Budget means the
Project Budget (as such term is defined in the O&M Agreement for a Qualifying Project), with respect to each Qualifying
Project initially, the operating and maintenance budget delivered prior to the Substantial Completion Date for such Qualifying Project,
and thereafter for any Fiscal Year, the then-current monthly operating and maintenance budget delivered and approved pursuant to the
O&M Agreement for such Qualifying Project, in each case in the form attached hereto as Exhibit Y (Form of
O&M Budget) and including the Operating Forecast and the Operating Plan for the relevant period.

O&M Expenses means,
for each Qualifying Project, all amounts paid (or projected to be paid) by the Borrower or a Project Company to the Operator (as defined
in the O&M Agreement) for the administration, management and operation and maintenance of such Qualifying Project.

OFAC means the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Officers Certificate
means certificate of a Responsible Officer in the form of Exhibit AA (Form of Officers Certificate).

OMB means the Office of
Management and Budget of the Executive Office of the President of the United States.

Omnibus Annual Report has
the meaning given to such term in Section 8.02(a) (Omnibus Annual Reports).

A-32

Operating Account has the
meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Operating Contract means
each equipment, services, supply and other contracts related to the operation, maintenance and management of a Qualifying Project.

Operating Forecast means
a periodic forecast prepared by the Borrower (on an annual and month by month basis) in connection with the operation of a Qualifying
Project and which shall:

(a) be the Borrowers good faith projections
at such time taking into account all facts and circumstances then existing and assumptions
believed by the Borrower to be reasonable on the date made, complete, fair and accurate estimates
of all Operating Revenues for such Qualifying Project reasonably expected to be received
and all O&M Expenses (by category) reasonably expected to be incurred;

(b) reflect Debt Service due for the Qualifying
Project during each period, and pro forma Cash Flow Available for Debt Service projections
for each period;

(c) include such other information as may
be reasonably requested by DOE or the Independent Engineer; and

(d) be prepared on a basis consistent from
period to period and consistent with the Operating Plan, in sufficient detail to permit meaningful
comparisons, and shall include a statement of the assumptions on which it is based.

Operating Plan means the
periodic Operating Plan (as such term is defined in the O&M Agreement for a Qualifying Project) for a Qualifying Project
prepared by the Borrower for such Qualifying Project in connection with the operation of such Qualifying Project and included in the
O&M Budget, and that shall:

(a)describe
such Qualifying Projects operating plan for the relevant period;

(b)summarize
any changes in the Major Maintenance Plan for the relevant period, including such Qualifying Projects program for spare parts,
inventory management and supply management;

(c)summarize
any changes in such Qualifying Projects capital plan for the relevant period;

(d)include
such other information as may be reasonably requested by DOE or the Independent Engineer;

(e)be
prepared on a basis consistent from period to period, and consistent with the Operating Forecast, in sufficient detail to permit meaningful
comparisons, and

(f)include
a statement of the assumptions on which it is based.

Operating Revenues means
all cash receipts (or projected receipts) of each Project Company deposited in the Project Accounts of such Project Company, including
revenues from:

(a) payments under the Make-Whole Agreements;

(b) proceeds from business interruption and
delay in start-up insurance policies;

A-33

(c) delay liquidated damages payable under
any Construction Contract or any other Project Document; and

(d) interest and other income earned and received
on the applicable Project Accounts;

provided, that, Operating Revenues shall
not include proceeds (i) from casualty and Event of Loss insurance; or (ii) that are subject to a Mandatory Prepayment pursuant
to Section 3.05(c) (Mandatory Prepayments).

Operator means Sponsor any
replacement or successor operator of any Qualifying Project or any portion thereof appointed by the applicable Project Company.

Opinion of Borrowers Counsel
re: Borrower Instruments has the meaning given to such term in a FFB Note Purchase Agreement.

Ordinary Course of Business
means, in respect of any transaction involving any Person, the ordinary course of such Persons business, as conducted by any such
Person in accordance with past practice (or as contemplated by such Persons business plan) and undertaken by such Person in good
faith and not for purposes of evading any covenant or restriction in any Financing Document.

Organizational Documents
means, with respect to:

(a) any corporation, its certificate or articles
of incorporation or organization, as amended, and its by-laws, as amended;

(b) any limited partnership, its certificate
of limited partnership, as amended, and its partnership agreement, as amended;

(c) any general partnership, its partnership
agreement, as amended; and

(d) any limited liability company, its articles
of organization, as amended, and its operating agreement, as amended.

Original Base Case Financial Model
means the Base Case Financial Model delivered by the Borrower, and approved by DOE, in connection with the Term Sheet.

Overdue Amount means any
amount owing under any FFB Note that is not paid when and as due.

Patents means any and all:
(a) patents, certificates of invention, and other patent or similar industrial property rights, all registrations and recordings
thereof, and all applications for patents of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including registrations, recordings and pending
applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any foreign equivalent office; (b) reissues, reexaminations, continuations,
divisionals, continuations-in-part, renewals, interferences or extensions thereof, and the inventions or designs disclosed or claimed
therein (including the right to make, use, offer to sell, sell and/or import such inventions or designs); and (c) other Patents
as defined in the IP Security Agreement (if applicable).

Patriot Act means the Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Pub. L. 107-56).

Payment Date means each
March 5, June 5, September 5, and December 5, or, in each case, if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business
Day.

A-34

PBGC means the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Pension Plan means an employee
benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan that is or was:

(a) at any time maintained or sponsored by
any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate or to which any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate
has ever made, or was obligated to make, contributions or has or could have any liability;
and

(b) subject to Section 412 of the Code,
Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA.

Performance Testing has
the meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Performance Testing Plan
has the meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Permitted Capital Expenditures
means:

(a) any Capital Expenditure contemplated by
a Construction Budget or O&M Budget;

(b) any Capital Expenditures made from funds
on deposit in the Loss Proceeds Account in accordance with Section 7.04 (Event
of Loss); and

(c) any Capital Expenditures from amounts
that are available in the Distribution Account.

Permitted Contest Conditions
means a contest, pursued in good faith, challenging the enforceability, validity, interpretation, amount or application of any Applicable
Law, Contest Claim, or other matter (legal, contractual or other) by appropriate proceedings timely instituted if: (a) the applicable
Borrower Entity diligently pursues such contest; (b) the applicable Borrower Entity establishes adequate reserves with respect to
the contested claim to the extent required by the Designated Standard; and (c) such contest: (i) could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) does not involve any material risk or danger of any criminal or unindemnified civil liability
being incurred by any Secured Party; and (iii) does not involve the risk of foreclosure, sale, forfeiture or loss of, or imposition
of a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on a Qualifying Project, a Project Site or any other Collateral or the impairment of the use,
operation or maintenance of a Qualifying Project or a Project Site.

Permitted Disposition means:

(a) any transaction permitted under the Transaction
Documents, including any Disposition of Product under the Sales Agreements;

(b) any Disposition of any equipment or property
of any Borrower Party that is:

(i)obsolete;

(ii)no
longer used or useful in the operation of a Qualifying Project; or

(iii)replaced
by other equipment of equal value and utility;

provided, that in each case: (A) such
Dispositions are valued at not more than seven hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($750,000) on an individual basis or two million Dollars ($2,000,000)
on an aggregate basis in any twelve (12) month period; (B) the applicable Borrower Party has received consideration in
an amount equal to the value that would have been obtained in an arms length transaction with an unaffiliated third party (unless
such assets have only scrap value); and (C) the proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with Section 3.05(c) (Mandatory
Prepayments);

A-35

(c) any Disposition of Permitted Investments
in accordance with the Accounts Agreement; and

(d) to the extent that any Borrower Party
has any interest in any Tax Credit generated by a Qualifying Project, any such Tax Credits
(but provided that any agreement entered into by a Borrower Party in connection with such
a disposition is subject to approval of DOE in accordance with this Agreement).

Permitted Indebtedness means:

(a) Indebtedness incurred under the Financing
Documents;

(b) Indebtedness in respect of amounts due
to trade creditors and accrued expenses, in each case arising in the Ordinary Course of Business,
to the extent such amounts and expenses are not unpaid more than ninety (90) days
past the due date therefor or are being contested in accordance with Permitted Contest Conditions;

(c) Indebtedness comprised of purchase money
obligations or leases for discrete items of property and equipment not comprising an integral
part of a Qualifying Project, the amount of which does not exceed the cost of the equipment
so financed in an aggregate amount not to exceed two hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($250,000);

(d) Permitted Leases and any replacements
thereof;

(e) Indebtedness in respect of any bankers
acceptances, letters of credit, warehouse receipts or similar facilities, in each case, incurred
in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(f) to the extent constituting Indebtedness,
indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check,
draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course or other
cash management services in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(g) Indebtedness in respect of netting services,
overdraft protections and otherwise in connection with deposit accounts;

(h) contingent liabilities incurred in the
Ordinary Course of Business, including the acquisition or sale of goods, services, supplies
or merchandise in the normal course of business, the endorsement of negotiable instruments
received in the normal course of business and indemnities provided under any of the Project
Documents;

(i) to the extent constituting Indebtedness,
obligations in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds, indemnification
obligations, obligations to pay insurance premiums, take-or-pay obligations contained in
supply agreements and similar obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business; and

(j) Indebtedness consisting of the financing
of insurance premiums in customary amounts consistent with the operations and business of
the Borrower in the Ordinary Course of Business.

A-36

Permitted Investments means
any of the following, to the extent owned by the Borrower free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created under the Security Documents):

(a) direct obligations of the United States
(including obligations issued or held in book-entry form on the books of the United States
Department of the Treasury) or obligations, the timely payment of principal and interest
of which is fully guaranteed by the United States maturing not more than one hundred eighty (180) days
from the date of the creation thereof;

(b) obligations, debentures, notes or other
evidence of Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by any agency or instrumentality of the United
States maturing not more than one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of the
creation thereof;

(c) interest-bearing demand or time deposits
(including certificates of deposit) that are held in banks with a general obligation rating
of not less than A- by S&P or the equivalent rating by Moodys, or
if not so rated, secured at all times, in the manner and to the extent provided by law, by
Collateral described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition,
of a market value of no less than the amount of moneys so invested maturing not more than
one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of the creation thereof;

(d) commercial paper rated (on the date of
acquisition thereof) at least A-1 or P-1 or equivalent by S&P
or Moodys, respectively (or an equivalent rating by another nationally recognized
credit rating agency of similar standing if neither of such corporations is then in the business
of rating commercial paper), maturing not more than ninety (90) days from the date
of creation thereof;

(e) money market funds, so long as such funds
are rated Aaa by Moodys and AAA by S&P; and

(f) any Advances, loans or extensions of credit
or any stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities as DOE may from time to time approve.

Permitted Leases means leases
of office space, office equipment or motor vehicles with respect to which the aggregate lease payments do not exceed two hundred fifty
thousand Dollars ($250,000) per Fiscal Year.

Permitted Liens means:

(a) any Liens securing the Secured Obligations;

(b) Liens for any tax, assessment or other
governmental charge that is (i) not yet due or (ii) being diligently contested
in accordance with the Permitted Contest Conditions and by appropriate proceedings timely
instituted, so long as (A) such proceedings shall not involve any danger of the sale,
forfeiture or loss of a Qualifying Project, (B) such tax, assessment or other governmental
charge is not more than thirty (30) days delinquent and (C) a bond, adequate
reserves or other security acceptable to DOE has been posted or provided in such manner and
amount as to assure DOE that any taxes, assessments or other charges determined to be due
will promptly be paid in full when such contest is determined;

A-37

(c) Liens in favor of materialmen, workers
or repairmen, or other like Liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business or in connection
with the construction of a Qualifying Project, which Liens do not exceed one hundred thousand
Dollars ($100,000) in the aggregate at any time and are either for amounts not yet due
or for amounts being diligently contested in accordance with the Permitted Contest Conditions
and by appropriate proceedings timely instituted so long as: (i) such proceedings shall
not involve any danger of the sale, forfeiture or loss of any part of a Qualifying Project;
and (ii) a bond or other security acceptable to DOE has been posted or provided in such
manner and amount as to assure DOE that any amounts determined to be due will promptly be
paid in full when such contest is determined;

(d) Liens identified as Permitted Liens on
Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details); provided, that
any Lien identified as a Permitted Lien on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details) for the period prior to DOEs approval of the Limestone Project
as a Qualifying Project, shall cease to be a Permitted Lien upon such approval;

(e) Liens identified in the ALTA survey delivered
as a condition to the QP Approval Date for any Qualifying Project;

(f) zoning, entitlement, building and other
land use regulations imposed by Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over a Project
Site that do not and will not materially impair the development, construction, operation,
or use by (or for the benefit of) the Project Company for its Qualifying Project;

(g) covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements
and other similar matters of record as of the Execution Date affecting title to a Project
Site, or that are specifically identified in any land purchase agreement to be recorded against
a Project Site, which in either case do not and will not materially impair the development,
construction, operation, access to or use by (or for the benefit of) the Project Company
of a Project Site for its Qualifying Project;

(h) any other Lien affecting a Project Site
the existence of which does not and will not impair in any material respect the development,
construction, operation, access to or use by (or for the benefit of) the Project Company
of a Project Site for its Qualifying Project;

(i) Liens (not securing Indebtedness) of depository
institutions and securities intermediaries (including rights of set-off or similar rights)
with respect to deposit accounts or securities accounts;

(j) Liens securing: (i) judgments for
the payment of money that do not constitute an Event of Default; or (ii) appeals and
the other surety bonds related thereto;

(k) deposits to secure the performance of
bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety
bonds (other than bonds related to judgments or litigation), performance bonds and other
obligations of a like nature incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(l) Liens securing Permitted Indebtedness
pursuant to clause (c) of the definition thereof; and

(m) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual
Property granted in the Ordinary Course of Business;

A-38

provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing,
Permitted Liens shall not include any Lien on any Equity Interests of any Borrower Party (other than any Lien in favor of the Secured
Parties).

Person means any individual,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, trust company, unincorporated organization or Governmental
Authority.

Personal Information means
any data or information that is subject to: (a) Data Protection Laws; or (b) any contractual obligations, or privacy notices
or policies, binding on the Borrower relating to the Processing of any data or information that identifies or can be used to identify
an individual, household or device, whether directly or indirectly.

Phase I or II Environmental Site Assessment
means that certain Phase I or II Environmental Site Assessment for a Project Site dated not more than one hundred eighty (180) days
prior to the Execution Date or QP Approval Date, as applicable, and satisfactory to DOE. Standards for Phase I and II Environmental Site
Assessments are published by the American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) to include: (i) ASTM E1527-21, Standard Practice
for Environmental Site Assessments: Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Process; and (ii) ASTM E1903-19, Standard Practice for
Environmental Site Assessments: Phase II Environmental Site Assessment Process.

Physical Completion has
the meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Physical Completion Date
means, with respect to each Qualifying Project, the date that Physical Completion has occurred.

Physical Completion Longstop Date
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the date so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)) which date is generally expected to be twelve (12) months following the Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date
(as defined in the EPC Contract for the Qualifying Project) provided that such date is not outside the Availability Period.

Portfolio Construction Budget
means the construction budget for the then-anticipated Project Portfolio (including the Limestone Project) in the form of Exhibit F2
(Portfolio Construction Budget) hereto, that (a) sets forth, on a monthly basis in an agreed level of detail and based
on the Execution Date Base Case Financial Model, for the then-anticipated Project Portfolio (including the Limestone Project), the anticipated
Project Costs necessary to design, develop, construct and start-up the then anticipated Qualifying Projects through Project Completion;
and (b) specifies on a line item and aggregate basis for all Project Costs: (i) the portions of any Project Costs that constitute
Eligible Project Costs; and (ii) the amount of any Budgeted Contingencies.

Post-Petition Interest means
all interest (or entitlement to fees or expenses or other charges) accruing or that would have accrued after the commencement of any
Insolvency Proceeding, irrespective of whether a claim for post-filing or petition interest (or entitlement to fees or expenses or other
charges) is allowed in any such Insolvency Proceeding.

Power Supply Agreement means
each contract for the supply of power to a Qualifying Project, meeting the requirements to certify hydrogen production as low
carbon, and identified as such in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project (or,
in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

A-39

Practice means to practice
Intellectual Property in any way, including to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, improve, make, display, perform, create derivative
works of, access and utilize.

Prepayment Election Notice
has the meaning given to such term in the FFB Notes.

Prepayment Price has the
meaning given to such term in the FFB Notes.

Principal Persons means
any executive officer, director, or other Person with primary management or supervisory responsibilities with respect to any Borrower
Entity or other Major Project Participant.

Process means any operation
or set of operations that are performed on data or on sets of data, whether or not by automated means, including creation, receipt, maintenance,
access, acquisition, use, disclosure, transmission, storage, retention, processing, destruction, modification or transfer (including
cross-border transfer), and the words Processing, Processed, and similar constructions shall have corresponding
meanings.

Product means hydrogen.

Program Requirements means
all of the following:

(a) Title XVII;

(b) the Applicable Regulations; and

(c) all other applicable laws and regulations.

Prohibited Jurisdiction
means any country, territory or jurisdiction that:

(a) at any time, is itself the target of comprehensive
country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions (including, as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the region called Donetsk Peoples
Republic, and the region called Luhansk Peoples Republic), including any general export,
import, financial or investment embargo under Sanctions;

(b) has been designated by the Secretary of
Treasury under Section 311 or 312 of the Patriot Act, as warranting special measures
due to money laundering concerns; or

(c) has been designated as non-cooperative
with international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental
group or organization of which the U.S. is a member, such as the Financial Action Task Force
on Money Laundering, and with which designation the U.S. representative to the group or organization
continues to concur.

Prohibited Person means
any Person:

(a) named, identified, or described on the
list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (Appendix A
to 31 CFR chapter V) as published by OFAC at its official website, https://ofac.treasury.gov/sanctions-list-service,
or at any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list;

(b) named, identified or described on any
other blocked persons list, denied persons list, designated nationals list, entity list,
debarred party list, unverified list, sanctions list or other list of designated individuals
or entities with whom U.S. persons are in any way prohibited from conducting business, published
or maintained by any agency or instrumentality of the United States, including lists published
or maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Department of State;

A-40

(c) organized, resident, domiciled, or located
in a Prohibited Jurisdiction;

(d) constituting a foreign entity of
concern, as defined in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (P.L. 117-169);

(e) that is or constitutes the government
of, or any Person owned or controlled by the government of, a Prohibited Jurisdiction;

(f) of which fifty percent (50%) or more
is owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any persons described in clauses (a) to
(e);

(g) owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf
of, any Person that is subject to or the target of, any Sanctions;

(h) that is otherwise subject to or a target
of Sanctions;

(i) that is debarred or suspended from contracting
with the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof;

(j) that is debarred, suspended, proposed
for debarment with a final determination still pending or declared ineligible or voluntarily
excluded (as such terms are defined in any of the Debarment Regulations) from contracting
with the U.S. government, any U.S. department or agency or instrumentality thereof or otherwise
participating in procurement or non-procurement transactions with any U.S. government or
any department or agency or instrumentality thereof pursuant to any of the Debarment Regulations;

(k) that has been indicted, convicted or has
had a Governmental Judgment rendered against it for any of the offenses listed in any of
the Debarment Regulations;

(l) subject to a statutory disqualification,
as defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or

(m) whose direct or indirect owners of ten
percent (10%) or more of its Equity Interests, by value or vote, include any Prohibited
Person listed above.

Project means the development
design, engineering, procurement, equipping, construction, startup and commissioning, testing, repair, management, maintenance and operation
of a Facility.

Project Accounts has the
meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Project Budgets and Plans
means each Construction Budget, O&M Budget, Operating Plan, Major Maintenance Plan, and Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule, each
as then in effect.

Project Company means Limestone
and any other special purpose limited liability company to be formed for purpose of the development, construction and ownership of a
Facility.

Project Company Equity Pledge Agreement
means each equity pledge agreement entered into between the Borrower and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit V (Form of
Equity Pledge Agreement).

A-41

Project Company Security Agreement
means each security agreement entered into by a Project Company in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit II (Form of
Project Company Security Agreement).

Project Completion has the
meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Project Completion Date
means the date on which Project Completion occurs as confirmed by DOE.

Project Completion Date Certificate
means a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit Z (Form of
Project Completion Date Certificate) hereto and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to DOE.

Project Completion Date Revised Financial
Model means the Base Case Financial Model reviewed and approved by DOE as a condition to Project Completion for each Qualifying
Project.

Project Completion Guarantee
with respect to each Qualifying Project, has the meaning provided in its Equity Commitment and Completion Support Agreement.

Project Completion Longstop Date
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the date so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)).

Project Construction means
the financing, acquisition, permitting, development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, construction management, testing,
start up and commissioning of a Qualifying Project from commencement of such Qualifying Project by the Project Company through its Project
Completion Date.

Project Costs means all
costs incurred or are expected to be incurred in connection with a Qualifying Projects Project Construction through such Qualifying
Projects Final Construction Completion Date, including:

(a) amounts payable under the Construction
Contracts for such Qualifying Project;

(b) interest, fees and expenses payable under
the Financing Documents related to the Advances and the FFB Note for such Qualifying Project
prior to the end of the applicable Availability Period;

(c) costs to acquire title or use rights to
the Project Site, necessary easements and other Real Property interests for such Qualifying
Project;

(d) costs and expenses of legal, engineering,
accounting, construction management and other advisors or Secured Party Advisors incurred
in connection with such Qualifying Project;

(e) fees, commissions and expenses payable
to the Secured Parties in connection with such Qualifying Project;

A-42

(f) development costs for such Qualifying
Project to the extent permitted to be paid under the Financing Documents;

(g) construction insurance premiums for Required
Insurance obtained prior to such Qualifying Projects Physical Completion Date;

(h) the applicable Project Companys
labor costs and general and administrative costs prior to such Qualifying Projects
Project Completion Date;

(i) costs incurred under such Qualifying Projects
Project Documents and in the Base Case Financial Model;

(j) initial funding of such Qualifying Projects
Reserve Accounts in accordance with the Accounts Agreement; and

(k) such other costs or expenses approved
by DOE,

but excluding any O&M Expenses and any Capital
Expenditures for any Qualifying Project incurred after its Commercial Operations Date.

Project Document means each
agreement necessary or appropriate for each Qualifying Project or for the management of the Borrower, including:

(a) each Construction Contract;

(b) each Sponsor Supply Agreement;

(c) each Operating Contract;

(d) each Real Property Document;

(e) each Project IP Agreement;

(f) each Utility Contract;

(g) each Truck Agreement;

(h) each Power Supply Agreement;

(i) each Water Supply Agreement;

(j) each Additional Project Document; and

(k) any material support instrument provided
in connection with any of the preceding.

Project IP means, for each
Qualifying Project and prior to the Limestone Projects QP Approval Date, the Limestone Project, all Intellectual Property that
at any relevant time is: (a) used in, material or necessary for the development, design, engineering, procurement, construction,
starting up, commissioning, ownership, operation or maintenance of such Qualifying Project; (b) necessary to complete the activities
designated to be completed for such Qualifying Project, or to achieve Project Completion; or (c) necessary to exercise the Project
Company rights and perform its obligations under its Major Project Documents, as applicable, at the relevant time, but, in the case of
clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition, excluding any Software that: (i) has not been modified
or customized for the Project Company (other than configuration settings embedded in the Software); (ii) is readily commercially
available; and (iii) is licensed under standard terms and conditions.

A-43

Project IP Agreement means
with respect to each Qualifying Project, each agreement so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)); and each other agreement granting or document evidencing the Project Companys exclusive ownership of or rights
to use all Project IP (including assignment agreements).

Project Milestone means
each milestone identified on each Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule.

Project Participant means
any party to any Project Document or any party to a Financing Document other than the Secured Parties.

Project Portfolio has the
meaning given to such term in the preliminary statements.

Project Site means (a) with
respect to the Initial Qualifying Project, the Real Property for the Limestone Project identified in Schedule 6.44 (Initial
Qualifying Project Details) and (b) with respect to each subsequent Qualifying Project, the Real Property on which such Qualifying
Project is or is intended to be situated, as further described in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such
Qualifying Project, in each case, as the same may be updated pursuant to Section 6.15(c) (Project Site).

Project Source Code means
Source Code that constitutes Project IP owned by, or (subject to the applicable third party license terms) licensed to, any Borrower
Entity and included in the Collateral.

Projected Debt Service Coverage Ratio
means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of: (a) Cash Flow Available for Debt Service for the next succeeding twelve (12) month
period to (b) aggregate Debt Service scheduled for such period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the final balloon payment
(if any) under the Guaranteed Loan on the respective maturity date thereof unless scheduled for such period), in each case based on amounts
projected in the applicable Base Case Financial Model, as adjusted for actual interest rates and any factors known as of the date of
determination as agreed between the Borrower and DOE.

Property means any present
or future right or interest in, to or under any assets, equipment, facilities, contracts, leaseholds, business, receivables, revenues,
accounts, or other property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible (including Intellectual
Property).

Prudent Industry Practice
means those practices, methods, equipment, specifications, and standards of safety and performance, as are commonly accepted in the hydrogen
production industry as good, safe, prudent and commercial practices in connection with the design, construction, operation, maintenance,
repair and use of a hydrogen production facility using low carbon electricity sources.

PTCs means the federal production
tax credit available under Section 45 of the Code.

Publicly Traded Company
means a corporation (a) listed on a major stock exchange; and (b) at least fifty percent (50%) of whose Equity Interests
are publicly traded securities.

Punch List Items means items
listed on the construction punch list that are certified in writing by the Borrower and agreed by DOE (in consultation with the Independent
Engineer).

A-44

Qualified Investment Fund
means an investment fund in relation to which:

(a) such fund and each of its Fund Parties
have provided all requested documentation and other information related to, and has otherwise
satisfied, the know your customer due diligence requirements of each Secured
Party pursuant to its policies; and

(b) the relevant Fund Parties have certified
in writing, to the satisfaction of DOE, that:

(i)due
diligence on the funds limited partners, members, or shareholders has been performed in accordance with the funds anti-money
laundering and know your customer policies that are consistent with applicable legislation, regulations, or industry guidelines;

(ii)the
Fund Parties have developed and will maintain due diligence policies and procedures for prospective members or shareholders in accordance
with the funds anti-money laundering and know your customer policies that are consistent with applicable legislation,
regulations, or industry guidelines;

(iii)the
Fund Parties being reviewed is not a Prohibited Person; and

(iv)no
ultimate beneficial owner in such Fund Party, together with its Controlled Affiliates, owns in the aggregate ten percent (10%) or
more of the direct or indirect equity interests in the Borrower.

Qualified Plan means an
employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is intended to be tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code and which is or at any time was maintained or sponsored by any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate or to which any Borrower Entity
or ERISA Affiliate has ever made, or been obligated to make, contributions or with respect to which any Borrower Entity or ERISA Affiliate
has incurred or is likely to incur any liability or obligation.

Qualified Public Company Shareholder
means each Person that holds, directly or indirectly, shares in a company, which shares are not restricted or closely held, but are freely
available to the public for trading on any national securities exchange approved by or registered with the competent securities regulator
of the relevant country.

Qualifying Project each
Project that is constructed and owned by a single Project Company and has satisfied all conditions set forth in of Section 5.05
(Conditions Precedent to Qualifying Projects) for such Project.

Qualifying Project Increase
means sixty thousand Dollars ($60,000) for each Qualifying Project.

Qualifying Project Milestone Schedule
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the schedule so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company
owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)).

Quality Control Plan means
the document to be provided by the Borrower in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to DOE (in consultation with the Independent
Engineer) and designated as the Quality Control Plan which:

(a) links manufacturing process steps to key
inspection and control activities;

A-45

(b) controls process variables to ensure that
the Product meets both the Borrowers internal quality specifications and any quality
specifications required by the Sales Agreements; and

(c) includes standards, methods, processes,
testing locations (if not performed at a Project Site) and identified control activities
to ensure that the Product meets its required quality specifications.

Quarterly Certificate has
the meaning given to such term in Section 8.02(b) (Quarterly Certificate).

Quarterly Reporting Date
has the meaning given to such term in Section 8.02(b) (Quarterly Certificate).

QP Approval Date means,
with respect to any Qualifying Project, the date on which all conditions in Section 5.05 (Conditions Precedent to Qualifying
Projects) have been satisfied.

QP Approval Notice means
a notice in the form of Exhibit BB (Form of QP Approval Notice) executed by DOE, the Borrower and the applicable
Project Company confirming that the QP Approval Date for a Qualifying Project has occurred.

QP Base Case Financial Model
means the Base Case Financial Model delivered pursuant to Section 5.05(c) (Conditions Precedent to Qualifying Projects)
and addressing the applicable Qualifying Project, as the same may be updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.

QP Maturity Date with respect
to each Qualifying Project, means the date so specified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying
Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project Details)).

QP Title Coverage Amount
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the amount so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)); provided, that unless otherwise agreed by DOE in writing such amount shall be no less than the Maximum QP Loan
Amount for such Qualifying Project.

QPEP means the qualifying
project execution plan for each Qualifying Project substantially in the form of Exhibit FF (Form of QPEP) or
as otherwise approved by DOE.

Real Property means, with
respect to any Person, all right, title and interest of such Person in and to any and all parcels of real property owned, leased or encumbered
by such Person, together with all improvements and appurtenant fixtures, equipment, easements and other property and rights incidental
to the ownership, lease or operation thereof, including any Project Site.

Real Property Document means
each document evidencing any Project Companys ownership, leasehold interest or other right and entitlement to use Real Property,
including each document so identified on a Real Property Schedule.

Real Property Schedule with
respect to each Qualifying Project, means the schedule so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company
owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)).

A-46

REC or RECs
means any credits, credit certificates, green tags or similar environmental or green energy attributes (such as those for greenhouse
reduction or the generation of green power or renewable energy) created by a Governmental Authority or independent certification board
or group generally recognized in the electric power generation industry, and generated by or associated with the Qualifying Projects
or electricity produced therefrom, including the reporting rights to any avoided emissions of pollutants to the air, soil or water such
as sulfur oxides (SOx), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide (CO) and other pollutants, and the reporting rights to any avoided emissions
of carbon dioxides (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride and other greenhouse
gases (GHGs), but excluding investment tax credits or any other tax benefits.

Reimbursement Amounts has
the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(c) (Reimbursement and Other Payment Obligations).

Reimbursement Obligation
means the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse DOE pursuant to Article IV (Payment Obligations).

Release means, with respect
to Hazardous Substances, any disposing (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing
Hazardous Substances), discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, leaching, dumping, pumping, pouring, emitting, escaping, emptying,
seeping, placing, or migrating into, through or upon the environment (including any land, water or air), and Released shall
have a corresponding meaning.

Release Date means the date
on which all of the Secured Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been paid in full and the Guaranteed Loan has
been reduced to zero (0).

Requested Advance Date means,
for any Advance Request, the date requested by the Borrower for FFB to make an Advance under the FFB Notes.

Required Approvals means
all Governmental Approvals and other consents and approvals of third parties necessary or required under Applicable Law or any contractual
obligation for:

(a) the due execution, delivery recordation,
filing or performance by any Borrower Entity or Major Project Participant of any Transaction
Document to which such Person is a party and in the case of the Borrower, any FFB Document,
in each case, to which it is, or is intended to be, a party;

(b) the issuance of the FFB Notes and the
borrowings under the FFB Documents, the use of the proceeds thereof and the Reimbursement
Obligations;

(c) the grant of all Liens granted pursuant
to the Security Documents;

(d) the perfection or maintenance of all Liens
created under the Security Documents (including the First Priority nature thereof);

(e) the exercise by any Secured Party of its
rights under any of the Financing Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral
pursuant to the Security Documents;

(f) the development, construction, operation
or maintenance of each Qualifying Project; or

(g) the applicable Project Companys
ownership of each Qualifying Project.

A-47

Required Approvals Schedules
means with respect to the Borrower, the schedule attached hereto as Schedule 6.07 (Required Approvals Schedule),
and with respect to each Project Company, the schedule delivered pursuant to Section 5.05(t), (Conditions Precedent
to Qualifying Projects).

Required Insurance means
each of the contracts of insurance taken out or maintained (or required to be taken out or maintained) by each Borrower Party and Major
Project Participant in accordance with (a) in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, Schedule 7.03 (Limestone
Insurance) and (b) in the case of each subsequent Qualifying Project, the insurance requirements set forth in the Accession
Agreement executed by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project.

Reserve Accounts has the
meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

Responsible Officer means:

(a) with respect to any Person:

(i)that
is a corporation, the chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer,
any Person holding equivalent positions in such corporations, or any other Financial Officer of such Person;

(ii)that
is a partnership, each general partner of such Person or the chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice president, assistant
vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, any Person holding equivalent positions in such corporations, or any other Financial
Officer of a general partner of such Person;

(iii)that
is a limited liability company, the manager, managing partner or duly appointed officer of such Person, the individuals authorized to
represent such Person pursuant to the Organizational Documents of such Person, or the chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice
president, assistant vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, or any Person holding equivalent positions in such corporations,
or any other Financial Officer of the manager or managing member of such Person; or

(iv)with
respect to any Borrower Entity, only those individuals holding any of the foregoing positions whose names appear on the relevant certificate
of incumbency delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(h) (Execution Date Certificates), in each case, as such certificate
of incumbency may be amended from time to time to identify the individuals then holding such offices and the capacity in which they are
acting.

Restricted Payment has the
meaning given to such term in Section 9.04 (Restricted Payments).

Restricted Payment Date
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.04 (Restricted Payments).

Revenue Account has the
meaning given to such term in the Accounts Agreement.

SAM means the System for
Award Management electronic database administered by the United States General Services Administration, found at www.sam.gov.

Safety Audit means a safety
audit of a Qualifying Project in a manner satisfactory to DOE that focuses on compliance with the regulations implementing the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, and addresses the following general occupational safety and health compliance items: management commitment and
employee involvement; worksite analysis; hazard prevention and control; training for employees, supervisors, and managers; incident reporting
and information posting.

A-48

Safety Report means a written
report, in form satisfactory to DOE, with respect to an annual Safety Audit that sets forth: (i) any deficiencies identified as
a result of such Safety Audit; (ii) any recommendations for the operation and maintenance of any Qualifying Project; (iii) compliance
with the regulations implementing the Occupational Safety and Health Act; and (iv) any other items reasonably requested by DOE.

Sales Agreement means any
sales agreement, customer contract, service agreement or other customer agreement (including, to the extent applicable, letters of intent,
firm contracts and active proposals, which shall be considered non-binding for purposes of this Agreement) entered into by or on behalf
of the Borrower and customer/offtaker for the Products.

Sanctions means (a) any
economic, financial, and trade sanctions laws and export controls, Applicable Laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures administered
or enforced by the United States government, including OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce; (b) any
U.S. Executive Orders imposing economic or financial sanctions on any individuals, entities, countries or regimes; and (c) any multilateral
economic or trade sanctions in which the United States participates.

Scheduled Physical Completion Date
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the date so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)).

Scheduled Project Completion Date
with respect to each Qualifying Project, means the date so identified in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project Company owning
such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying Project
Details)).

Scheduled Project Costs
means Project Costs (including Budgeted Contingencies) set forth in the initial Construction Budget for each Qualifying Project delivered
as of the QP Approval Date (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time with approval of DOE for the express purpose
of updating the then-applicable Scheduled Project Costs).

SEC Order means the Order
Instituting Cease-and-Desist Proceedings Pursuant to Section 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Making Findings, and Imposing
A Cease-and-Desist Order, dated August 30, 2023, In The Matter of Power Plug Inc., Respondent, Before the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Release No. 98243 / August 30, 2023, Accounting and
Auditing Enforcement Release No. 4452 / August 30, 2023, Administrative Proceeding File No. 3-21588).

Secretary of Energy means
as of any date, the then-current secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy or, in their absence, the person discharging their duties
or exercising their prerogatives in accordance with applicable law.

Secretary of Labor means
as of any date, the then-current secretary of the U.S. Department of Labor or, in their absence, the person discharging their duties
or exercising their prerogatives in accordance with applicable law.

A-49

Secretary of Treasury means
as of any date, the then-current secretary of the United States Department of Treasury or, in their absence, the person discharging their
duties or exercising their prerogatives in accordance with applicable law.

Secured Obligations means,
at any time, all FFB Note Obligations and all other amounts owed to DOE or any other Secured Party under the Financing Documents, including
accrued interest thereon, fees, Secured Party Expenses, Agent Fees, penalties and indemnity obligations.

Secured Parties License
means the right for the Secured Parties to use and otherwise Practice and to assign or sublicense, in each case, for no additional consideration,
the Borrower Parties rights in and to Project IP under a Project IP Agreement (effective as of the Execution Date, QP Approval
Date, or, if acquired later, upon such acquisition date, but enforceable: (a) during the continuance of an Event of Default; (b) upon
an enforcement and transfer of ownership in the Borrower; or (c) upon any bankruptcy or insolvency action involving the Borrower
or the applicable Project Company).

Secured Party means each
of:

(a) DOE;

(b) FFB;

(c) the Agents; and

(d) any other holder of any Secured Obligations
outstanding at any time.

Secured Party Advisor means
each of:

(a) the Independent Engineer;

(b) the Insurance Consultant;

(c) the Market Consultant;

(d) Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP, as New York
legal counsel to DOE; and

(e) each other advisor, legal counsel or consultant
retained by DOE from time to time in connection with the Guaranteed Loan, the Project Portfolio,
any Qualifying Project, or the Transaction Documents.

Secured Party Expenses means
any out-of-pocket costs, expenses and other amounts paid or incurred by any Secured Party from time to time in connection with the due
diligence of the Borrower, the other Borrower Entities, the Project Portfolio, any Qualifying Projects and the preparation, execution,
recording and performance of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other documents and instruments related to this
Agreement or thereto (including legal opinions), including any of the following:

(a) recordation and other costs, fees and
charges in connection with the execution, delivery, filing, registration, or performance
of the Transaction Documents or the perfection of the security interests in the Collateral;

(b) fees, charges, and expenses of any Secured
Party Advisors;

(c) commissions, charges, costs and expenses
for the conversion of currencies;

A-50

(d) other fees, charges, expenses and other
amounts from time to time due to any Secured Party under or in connection with the Financing
Documents;

(e) fees and expense of the legal counsel,
consultants and advisors of any Secured Party with respect to any of the foregoing; and

(f) DOE Extraordinary Expenses.

Security Agreement means
the Borrower Security Agreement, the Limestone Security Agreement and each Project Company Security Agreement.

Security Document means
each of:

(a) the Accounts Agreement;

(b) each Security Agreement;

(c) each Equity Pledge Agreement;

(d) each Direct Agreement;

(e) each IP Security Agreement;

(f) the Mortgage;

(g) each Truck Agreement;

(h) all subordination, attornment and non-disturbance
agreements with landlords and sub-landlords;

(i) each other security document, agreement
or instrument hereafter delivered to any Secured Party from time to time granting, or purporting
to grant, a Lien on any property, rights and assets of any Person to secure any of the Secured
Obligations; and

(j) such other documents, certificates, filings
and instruments that may be required by the Secured Parties in connection with the foregoing.

Sensitive Information means:
(a) any information that is subject to Data Protection Laws; (b) any Trade Secrets or other information in which the Borrower
Entities have confidential Intellectual Property rights (including any relevant Project IP owned by the Borrower Parties or Sponsor IP
owned by the Sponsor); and (c) any information with respect to which the Borrower Entities have contractual non-disclosure obligations.

Share Capital means shall
mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, quotas, participations or ownership or partnership interests or rights
in or other equivalents of or in (however designated, whether voting or non-voting, ordinary or preferred) the equity or capital of such
Person, now or hereafter outstanding, and any and all rights, warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into any thereof.

Similar Law Plan has the
meaning given to such term in Section 6.27 (ERISA).

A-51

Software means any and all:
(a) computer programs and software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, in each case, whether in source code,
object code or any other form; (b) descriptions, flow charts and other work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any
of the foregoing, firmware, development tools, configurations, interfaces, platforms and applications; (c) data, databases and compilations;
and (d) documentation supporting or related to any of the foregoing (including training materials). Software shall include software
as such term is defined in the UCC and computer programs that may be construed as included in the definition of goods in
the UCC, including any licensed rights to Software, and all media that may contain Software or recorded data of any kind.

Source Code means, with
respect to any Software, the human-readable form of such Software.

Sponsor means Plug Power
Inc., a corporation organized and existing in the state of Delaware.

Sponsor IP means all Intellectual
Property owned by the Sponsor that is necessary, or otherwise will be used or relied upon, in connection with the development, design,
engineering, procurement, construction, startup, commissioning, operation and maintenance of the Project Portfolio, including all Qualifying
Projects that have not yet been presented or approved.

Sponsor Supply Agreement
means each Electrolyzer Supply Agreement and each Liquefaction Supply Agreement.

Sponsor Support Agreement
means the sponsor support and share retention agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Sponsor, Borrower and DOE.

Standard & Poors
or S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc.

Standstill Excluded EOD
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b) (Individual Qualifying Project Standstill Period).

Standstill Excluded No Cure Covenant
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(d) (Individual Qualifying Project Standstill Period).

Standstill QP EOD has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b) (Individual Qualifying Project Standstill Period).

Subsidiary means, with respect
to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity the accounts
of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Persons consolidated financial statements if such financial statements
were prepared in accordance with the Designated Standard as of such date, as well as any other corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of
shares of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of
the Person or Persons (whether directors, managers, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person
or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof.

Substantial Completion has
the meaning given to such term in Schedule 8.02 (Key Technical Definitions).

Substantial Completion Date
means the date on which Substantial Completion occurs as confirmed by DOE.

A-52

Tax Certificate has the
meaning given to such term in Section 5.01(h) (Execution Date Certificates).

Tax Credit means any Production
Tax Credit, Investment Tax Credit or other similar tax credit.

Taxes means all taxes, levies,
imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, penalties or additions
thereto imposed in respect thereof.

Term Sheet means the Summary
Terms and Conditions for Loan Guarantee under U.S. Department of Title XVII Loan Program, dated May 14, 2024.

Threshold Event of Loss
has the meaning given to such term in Section 7.04 (Event of Loss).

Title Company means one
or more title companies satisfactory to DOE, satisfying DOEs requirements with respect to co-insurance or reinsurance.

Title Pro Forma has the
meaning given to such term in Section 5.03(j) (Real Estate).

Title XVII has the meaning
given to such term in the preliminary statements.

Trademarks means any and
all: (a) trademarks, trade names, business names, trade styles, service marks, trade dress, designs, fictitious business names,
logos and other source or business identifiers (in each case, whether registered or unregistered); (b) registrations and applications
for registration in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar offices in any State of the United States or any political
subdivision thereof or any other jurisdiction, and recordations renewals and extensions thereof; and (c) other Trademarks as defined
in the IP Security Agreement (if applicable), and in each case, together with all goodwill associated therewith and any other Trademarks
as defined in the IP Security Agreement.

Trade Secrets has the meaning
given to such term in the definition of Intellectual Property.

Transaction Document means
each Financing Document and each Major Project Document.

Transfer means, with respect
to any Equity Interest, any direct or indirect issuance, sale, assignment, exchange, conveyance or other transfer thereof, whether by
agreement, operation of law or otherwise (and the verb Transfer and the nouns Transferor and Transferee
shall be construed accordingly).

Transmission Code means
the code delivered by DOE to each of the Authorized Transmitters of the Borrower.

Truck Agreement means each
Truck Agreement, in the form of Exhibit CC (Form of Truck Agreement) entered into between the Sponsor, DOE and
a Project Company as a condition to the QP Approval Date for such Project Company.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial
Code as adopted and in effect in the State of New York.

Unfunded Pension Liabilities
means the excess of an Employee Benefit Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value
of that plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Employee Benefit Plan pursuant to Section 412
of the Code for the applicable plan year.

United States and U.S.
mean the United States of America.

A-53

Utility Contract means each
contract evidencing a Project Companys dedicated access to any required infrastructure for a Qualifying Project, including power,
water and associated water infrastructure, and transportation infrastructure.

Water Supply Agreement means
each contract for the supply of water to a Qualifying Project and identified as such in the Accession Agreement executed by the Project
Company owning such Qualifying Project (or, in the case of the Initial Qualifying Project, on Schedule 6.44 (Initial Qualifying
Project Details)).

A-54

SCHEDULE
5.01(ee)

TECHNICAL
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT1

Part A Conditions Precedent to Execution Date (Loan
Guarantee Agreement Section 5.01)

None.

1 All conditions precedent to be delivered in form and
substance satisfactory to DOE.

Part B Conditions to Qualifying
Projects (Loan Guarantee Agreement Section 5.05)

1. Final site selection and control.

2. Level 3 project schedule (not EPC Contract
schedule) Primavera P6 Format.

3. Logistics study and traffic study for
heavy haul equipment.

4. Project Site geotechnical survey.

5. Flood risk and hurricane risk analysis.

6. Qualifying Project designs and layouts.

7. Use of Sponsors electrolyzer and
Linde or Chart or Sponsor liquefaction technology:

a. If technical advancements are made and
planned for implementation (changes in manufacturing, QA/QC, or process/technology), DOE
and the Independent Engineer to review and sign-off on plans; and

b. Review and approval of scale if larger
than the Limestone Project.

8. Fully wrapped EPC Contract for Project
Site in form and substance acceptable to DOE and which shall include at a minimum:

a. EPC Contract and contractor determined
by DOE and the Independent Engineer to be of the same risk profile as the EPC Contract for
the Limestone Project or similar in risk to the EPC Contract for the Limestone Project;

b. Scope of work covering all aspects of
the Qualifying Project;

c. Agreement to performance test(s) methodology/framework;

d. Agreement to performance guarantees,
minimum performance guarantees, and make good clauses to reach minimum performance
guarantees;

e. Milestone schedule for EPC Contract scope
of work for the Qualifying Project;

f. Corporate guaranty from EPC contractor
parent company;

g. Construction and operations permitting
requirements and status for each permit;

h. Acceptable warranty period and coverage,
including OEM (original equipment manufacturer) pass through warranty arrangements for free-issued
equipment; and

i. Project Company & contractor
insurance coverage.

9. Land lease acquired for lifetime of the
Qualifying Project or duration of the Guaranteed Loan.

10. Independent Engineer must be able to
review the plans for major infrastructure issues, including provision of power to the site
for both construction and operation, including the construction of power substations as relevant.

11. Water supply:

a. Provision of water and water treatment
requirements; and

b. Wastewater treatment and disposal.

12. Independent engineer oversight contract
executed between Project Company and a single reputable independent engineer/owners
engineer.

13. Agreed upon levels of contingency for
the Qualifying Project.

14. With respect to any specific Qualifying
Project, additional conditions precedent, if any, identified in the Accession Agreement executed
by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project.

Part C Conditions Precedent to Each First Advance
Date (Loan Guarantee Agreement Section 5.03)

1. Identification and purchase order placement
of LLEs (long lead equipment items).

2. With respect to any specific Qualifying
Project, additional conditions precedent, if any, identified in the Accession Agreement executed
by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project.

Part D Conditions to Each
Advance (Loan Guarantee Agreement Section 5.04)

1. With respect to any specific Qualifying
Project, additional conditions precedent, if any, identified in the Accession Agreement executed
by the Project Company owning such Qualifying Project.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>plug-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>plug-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>plug-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 1-34392

Entity Registrant Name Plug Power Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001093691

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-3672377

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 125 Vista Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Slingerlands

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 12159

City Area Code 518

Local Phone Number 782-7700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol PLUG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://plugpoweinc/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

plug-20250116.xsd 
plug-20250116_lab.xml 
plug-20250116_pre.xml 
tm254135d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-005600-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm254135d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001093691 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001093691 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Plug Power Inc. 
DE 
1-34392 
22-3672377 
125 Vista Boulevard 
Slingerlands 
NY 
12159 
518 
782-7700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
PLUG 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>