<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-025063.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-025063.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318163016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-025063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL PARTNERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001323468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS & TERMINALS [5171]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				743140887
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32593
		FILM NUMBER:		25748873

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 9161
		STREET 2:		800 SOUTH STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02454
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 894-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 9161
		STREET 2:		800 SOUTH STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02454

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Partners LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050411
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000132346800013234682025-03-122025-03-120001323468GLP:CommonUnitsRepresentingLimitedPartnerInterestsMember2025-03-122025-03-120001323468us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember2025-03-122025-03-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 12, 2025

GLOBAL PARTNERS LP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-32593 74-3140887

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

P.O. Box 9161

800 South Street

Waltham, Massachusetts02454-9161

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(781) 894-8800

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange on which

registered

Common Units representing limited partner interests GLP New York Stock Exchange

9.50% Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred
Units representing limited partner interests GLP pr B 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On March 12, 2025, Global GP LLC (the General
Partner), the general partner of Global Partners LP (the Partnership), and each of Messrs. Eric S. Slifka, Gregory
B. Hanson, Mark Romaine, Sean T. Geary, and Matthew Spencer (each, an Executive), entered into a new employment agreement
(each, an Employment Agreement).

Each Employment Agreement supersedes and replaces
any prior employment agreement by and between the General Partner and the Executive. Each Employment Agreement provides for an initial
term that commenced on January 1, 2025 and ends on December 31, 2027 with an automatic extension until through April 15, 2028, if applicable,
for the parties to reach a final agreement on the renewal of the Employment Agreement (the Term).

The Employment Agreements provide for an annualized
base salary of (i) $1,100,000 for Mr. Slifka, (ii) $575,000 for Mr. Hanson, (iii) $700,000 for Mr. Romaine, (iv) $500,000 for Mr. Geary,
and (v) $350,000 for Mr. Spencer.

Under the Employment Agreements, each Executive
(i) may receive a cash bonus in an amount determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of
the Board of Directors of the General Partner, (ii) shall participate in the annual short-term incentive compensation plan adopted by
the Committee for each calendar year during the Term (the STIP), (iii) shall participate in the General Partners
long-term incentive plans, if any, made available to officers or other employees, and (iv) is entitled to participate in the General Partners
health insurance, 401(k), and such other benefit plans and programs in accordance with the General Partners policies.

For each calendar year of the Term (2025, 2026,
and 2027) (each such year, a Performance Period), the Committee will set a target amount under the STIP by March 31 of such
year for the applicable Performance Period. Subject to any changes by the Committee, each Executive will be eligible to earn an amount
ranging from 0% to 200% of the STIP target amount. Fifty percent (50%) of the STIP target amount will be subject to the level of achievement
by the Partnership with respect to two performance metrics based on (i) EBITDA (i.e., earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and
amortization), weighted at thirty-five percent (35%) and (ii) Distributable Cash Flow (as defined in the Partnerships Fifth Amended
and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, as amended, before distributions on common and preferred units), weighted at fifteen percent
(15%) for the applicable Performance Period, and fifty percent (50%) of the STIP target amount will be subject to a discretionary performance
metric.

Upon termination of an Executives employment
for any reason, the Executive (or the Executives estate) will be paid (i) all amounts of base salary due and owing up through the
date of termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid bonus, (iii) all reimbursements of expenses appropriately and timely submitted, and (iv)
any and all other amounts, including vacation pay, that may be due to the Executive as of the date of termination (the Accrued
Obligations).

If an Executives employment is terminated
due to death or disability, the Executive (or the Executives estate) will be paid (i) the Accrued Obligations, plus (ii) a lump
sum payment equal to 200% of base salary, plus (iii) an amount equal to 200% of the target incentive amount under the STIP for the year
in which the date of termination occurs, plus (iv) payment of group health, dental, life, disability, vision, and similar insurance premiums
on behalf of the Executive and the Executives spouse and dependents for 18 months following the date of termination.

If an Executives employment is terminated
by the General Partner without Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination
(each quoted term as defined in the Employment Agreement), the Executive will be paid (i) the Accrued Obligations, plus (ii) a lump sum
payment equal to 200% of base salary (except that, with respect to Mr. Slifka, this amount shall be 300% of base salary if such termination
occurs on or within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement)), plus (iii) an amount equal to 200%
of the target incentive amount under the STIP for the year in which the date of termination occurs (except that, with respect to Mr. Slifka,
this amount shall be 300% of the target incentive amount if such termination occurs on or within 12 months following a Change in Control),
plus (iv) payment of group health, dental, life, disability, vision, and similar insurance premiums on behalf of the Executive and the
Executives spouse and dependents for 18 months following the date of termination.

2

If the General Partner provides notice to an Executive
that the General Partner elects not to renew the Executives Employment Agreement at the end of the Term, and the Executives
employment hereunder is terminated at the end of the Term, the Executive will be paid (i) the Accrued Obligations, plus (ii) a lump sum
payment equal to 200% of base salary, plus (iii) the performance-based and discretionary components, if any, that are earned under the
STIP for the year in which the date of termination occurs.

Each Employment Agreement includes a best
of net provision, whereby any amounts payable to an Executive (the Payments) that constitute parachute payments under
Section 280G of the Code and would be subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code will either be: (i) reduced to the level
at which no excise tax applies, or (ii) paid in full (such that the Executive is subject to an excise tax), whichever produces the better
net after-tax position to the Executive.

The Employment Agreement includes a confidentiality
provision, which generally will continue for two years following an Executives termination of employment. The Employment Agreement
also contains non-competition and non-solicitation provisions, which will continue for one year following an Executives termination
of employment.

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreements
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to each Employment Agreement, copies of which are attached
hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, and 10.5 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Employment Agreement by and between Global GP LLC and Eric Slifka

10.2 Employment Agreement by and between Global GP LLC and Gregory B. Hanson

10.3 Employment Agreement by and between Global GP LLC and Mark Romaine

10.4 Employment Agreement by and between Global GP LLC and Sean T. Geary

10.5 Employment Agreement by and between Global GP LLC and Matthew Spencer

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

GLOBAL PARTNERS LP

By: GLOBAL GP LLC

its General Partner

Dated: March 18, 2025 By: /s/ Sean T. Geary

Sean T. Geary

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made this 12th day of March, 2025 and shall be effective as of
January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Global GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Company), and Eric S. Slifka (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive effective as of June 8, 2022 (the Prior
Agreement), the Company employed the Executive as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Executive
also served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership)
of which the Company is the general partner; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have negotiated mutually agreeable terms for the Executives continued employment by the Company for
a new term of three years commencing as of the Effective Date.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the sufficiency of
which the Company and the Executive each acknowledges, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment
and Term of Employment.

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the employment term hereunder will commence as of the Effective Date and continue through December 31,
2027. So long as the Executive is then employed by the Company, the Company and the Executive agree to begin discussions concerning the
renewal of this Agreement in the second calendar quarter of 2027, with the objective of reaching a final agreement regarding such renewal
by the end of December 2027. Absent the receipt by either party from the other party of a notice not to renew this Agreement as provided
in Section 1(b) below (and so long as the Executive has remained employed by the Company hereunder), the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended from December 31, 2027 through April 15, 2028 to allow for the parties to reach a final agreement
regarding the renewal described in the preceding sentence.

(b) Either
the Company or the Executive may provide the other with prior written notice of its or his desire not to renew this Agreement, delivered
in accordance with Section 20 (Notice) at least ninety (90) days in advance of January 1, 2028, in which
case this Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2027 and the Executive shall receive the compensation set
forth in Section 7(e) below.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1, either the Company or the Executive may terminate the Executives employment with
the Company at any time, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7 hereof.

(d) The
term that the Executive is employed hereunder (as it may be extended and/or renewed) is referred to herein as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties. During the Term, the Company shall employ the Executive as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or
in such other positions as the parties mutually agree. The Executive shall have such powers and duties and responsibilities as are customary
to such position and as are assigned to the Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) in connection
with the Executives service as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and of the Partnership. The Executives
employment also shall be subject to the policies maintained and established by the Company that are of general applicability to the Companys
employees, as such policies may be amended from time to time.

3. Other
Interests; Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, the Executive shall devote his full time, attention, energies and business efforts during normal business hours to his duties
and responsibilities as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and of the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Partnership
and its subsidiaries are sometimes hereinafter referred to collectively as the Partnership Group. During the Term,
except as otherwise restricted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, the parties recognize and agree that the Executive may engage in other business activities that do not conflict with the business
and affairs of the Company or of the Partnership or interfere with the Executives performance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder. Additionally, the covenants set forth in Annex I shall apply to the Executive from the Date of Termination according
to the terms set forth in Annex I.

(b) The
Executive, in entering into this Agreement, hereby agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I
are consonant with public policy, and fair and reasonable provisions for the protection of the Companys and its affiliates
legitimate business interests including, without limitation, the protection of confidential information, trade secrets, goodwill and the
business contacts which the Executive has established and developed, and will establish and develop, in the course of performing his duties
for the Company and its affiliates. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex
I are supported by fair and reasonable consideration independent from continuation of employment, and notice of the non-competition
agreement set forth herein was provided to the Executive at least ten (10) business days before the applicable non-competition restrictions
were to be effective. The Executive has the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement and entering into the non-competition
restrictions set forth herein, and the Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that he has had sufficient opportunity to do so prior
to his entry into this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the non-competition restrictions set forth
in Annex I are no broader than necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company,
including the protection of its and the Partnership Groups trade secrets, confidential information, and goodwill, and (ii) the
geographic reach of the restrictions on the Executives business activity set forth in Annex I are consistent with the geographic
area in which the Executive will have provided services on behalf of the Company or its affiliates. The Executive also agrees that the
Companys legitimate business interests could not be adequately protected through an alternative restrictive covenant other than
the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex I. The Executive and the Company further agree that the non-competition restrictions
set forth in Annex I are supported by mutually agreed upon consideration set forth herein, which consideration includes the Garden
Leave Payment (as defined in Annex I). For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive is a sophisticated businessperson who has entered
into the non-competition restrictions set forth herein knowingly and voluntarily, and the Executive represents that such restrictions
are compliant in all respects with the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 24L.

2

4. Duty
of Loyalty; Indemnification.

(a) The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the Executive owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty to act in the best interests of the Company and of the Partnership Group.
In keeping with such duty, the Executive shall, during the Term, make full disclosure to the Company of all business opportunities pertaining
to the business of the Company or of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and, during the Term, shall not appropriate for the Executives
own benefit business opportunities concerning the business of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise
permitted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I or as consented to in writing by the Board.

(b) The Company shall indemnify
the Executive to the extent permitted by the Companys limited liability company agreement, as amended and/or restated from time
to time, and by applicable law, against all costs, charges and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys fees, incurred
or sustained by the Executive in connection with any claim against the Executive and in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Executive may be made a party by reason of being an officer, director or employee of the Company or of the Partnership or
any of its subsidiaries. In connection with the foregoing, the Executive will be covered under any liability insurance policy that protects
the other officers and directors of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such policies.

5. Place
of Performance. Subject to such business travel from time to time as may be reasonably required in the discharge of his duties and
responsibilities as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and while serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Partnership, the Executive shall perform his obligations hereunder in, or within forty (40) miles of, Waltham, Massachusetts.

6. Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Executive shall be paid an annualized base salary of $1,100,000.00, subject to increase at any time
during the Term and at the commencement of the renewal term (if any), if so determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the
Compensation Committee), it being acknowledged by the Executive that the Compensation Committee shall have the authority,
but not the obligation, to increase the Executives base salary, however the Compensation Committee shall not decrease the Executives
base salary without the Executives consent. The Executives base salary, as may be increased in accordance with this Section 6(a),
is hereafter referred to as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments pursuant to the Companys
customary payroll policies and procedures in force at the time of payment, but in no event less frequently than monthly.

3

(b) Bonus.
From time to time during the Term, the Executive may receive a cash bonus (a Bonus) in an amount to be determined
at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Each Bonus hereunder, if any, shall be paid to the Executive no later than March 15
of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which such Bonus is earned.

(c) Incentive
Compensation.

(i) For
each calendar year during the Term, the Executive shall participate in the annual short-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the
Compensation Committee for such calendar year (the STIP), which STIP shall be adopted by no later than March 31
of such calendar year.

(ii) During
the Term, the Executive shall participate in the Companys long-term incentive plans, if any, made available to the Companys
officers or other employees, subject to the terms of such plans (if any) and such additional criteria as the Compensation Committee may
determine from time to time, which plans may include but are not limited to: (A) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan
(as amended from time to time, including any successor plans) and (B) the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (as amended from time to
time, including any successor plans).

(d) Reimbursements.
During the Term, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive on business trips,
and for all other business and entertainment expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him during the Term in the performance of his services
under this Agreement, in accordance with past practice and with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time
to time, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting documentation as the Company may reasonably require.

(e) Fringe
Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys health insurance, 401(k) and
other benefit plans in accordance with Company policies and on the same general basis as other executives of the Company. During the
Term, the Company also will provide the Executive with additional fringe benefits consistent with benefits that have been provided to
him under prior arrangements and in accordance with past practice (other than payment for wealth and advisory tax services, which are
not covered hereunder), and with such other benefits as may be approved by the Compensation Committee.

(f) Vacation.
During the Term (including the renewal period, if any), the Executive shall be granted 30 days of paid vacation for each calendar year
with any unused vacation days to be subject to the Companys standard vacation policy with respect to the carryover or payment for
any such unused vacation days.

7. Separation
from Service.

(a) In
General. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, he (or his estate) shall be paid on the Date of Termination
the following: (i) all amounts of Base Salary due and owing up through the Date of Termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid
Bonus as of the Date of Termination, (iii) all reimbursements of expenses appropriately and timely submitted, and (iv) any
and all other amounts, including vacation pay, that may be due to him as of the Date of Termination (the Accrued Obligations).
Additionally, the Executive shall be entitled to retain the following items currently supplied to him by the Company: (i) iPad;
and (ii) smartphone, including all information contained on the smartphone and the then current telephone number for such smartphone,
it being acknowledged and agreed by the Executive that all information contained on the smartphone shall remain subject to the provisions
of Section 9 below; provided, however, that, the Executive is required to tender such items to the Companys IT department
on or prior to the Date of Termination for removal of confidential and proprietary information of the Company and its affiliates. Promptly
following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall return to the Company all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
in his possession.

4

(b) Termination
Due to the Death or Disability of the Executive. The Executives employment hereunder shall be terminated automatically upon
the death or Disability of the Executive. The Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination under
this Section 7(b) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary (determined as of the Date of Termination) multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination.

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive for Reasons Constituting Constructive Termination. The Executives employment
hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination. Provided
that the Executive executes within the time provided to do so (and does not revoke within any time provided to do so) a release of claims
in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, the Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(c) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

5

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary determined as of the Date of Termination multiplied by 200% (provided, however,
that this multiplier shall be 300% if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive
for reasons constituting Constructive Termination, in each case, that occurs on or within 12 months following the date of a Change in
Control), plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200% (provided, however, that this multiplier shall be 300% if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without
Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination, in each case, that occurs on or within 12 months following
the date of a Change in Control), plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination, plus

(v) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits
provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit pursuant to this Section 7(c) constitute
parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (as defined below), are
not eligible for exemption pursuant to Q/A-6(a)(2) of Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax
(collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Company shall either (a) reduce (but not below zero) the total Parachute
Payments so that the present value of the Parachute Payments shall be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times the Executives base
amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the Parachute Payments received by the
Executive shall be subject to the Excise Tax or (b) pay the Parachute Payments in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax
position to the Executive (taking into account the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of the Parachute Payments
hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, Parachute Payments to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such
Parachute Payment would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to
the extent necessary, through to such Parachute Payment that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any Parachute Payment to
be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. Any determination required under this Section 7(c)(v), including whether any payments
or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Company in good faith. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information
and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 7(c)(v). The Company's determinations
shall be final and binding on the Company and the Executive; provided, however, that in the event of a dispute with the Internal Revenue
Service, the parties will revise the determinations as necessary to comply with regulatory requirements in accordance with the Internal
Revenue Services interpretations.

6

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(d) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder for Cause following: (i) reasonable
notice to the Executive setting forth in detail the nature of such Cause and the date and time established for a hearing before the Board,
which notice shall be deemed reasonable if provided not less than fifteen (15) business days from the date of such notice, (ii) an
opportunity to be heard before the Board at the conclusion of such notice period, at which the Executive shall be entitled to representation
by counsel, and (iii) a determination by a majority vote of the Board that the Company has Cause to terminate the Executives
employment.

(e) Nonrenewal
of the Agreement. If the Company provides notice to the Executive that the Company elects not to renew the Agreement at the end of
the applicable Term, and the Executives employment hereunder is terminated at the end of the applicable Term, the Company shall
pay the Executive upon the expiration of the Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter, any
Accrued Obligations plus a lump sum payment equal to 200% of the Executives then Base Salary. Additionally, within ten days following
the Compensation Committees determination of the payout earned by the STIP participants for the year in which the Executives
employment was terminated, the Executive also shall receive payment of the performance-based and discretionary components, if any, of
his STIP award for such year.

(f) Definitions.

(i) For
the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the Executive (A) has engaged in gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of his duties, (B) has committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or willful breach of a fiduciary duty
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries (including the unauthorized disclosure of any material secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries); (C) has been convicted
of a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude or any felony or (D) has breached any material provision of this Agreement or any of
the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I hereto other than as a result of the Executives inability to perform
his obligations hereunder solely due to his poor physical or mental health. The Executive must be provided a written notice from the Company,
giving him at least 30 days to affect a cure of any claimed occurrence under (A), (B) or (D) above that is capable of being
cured, prior to the delivery of any notice described under Section 7(d)(i) hereof.

7

(ii) Change
in Control shall occur upon: (A) the date that any one person, entity or group (other than the successors to the interests
of Alfred Slifka, and other than Richard Slifka or the Executive or their respective family members or entities they control, individually
or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly (collectively referred to hereinafter as the Slifkas)) acquires beneficial
ownership of the membership interests of the Company that, together with the membership interests of the Company already owned beneficially
by such person, entity or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the membership interests of the Company; provided,
however, if any one person, entity or group is considered to control, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total voting power
of the membership interests of the Company, the acquisition of additional membership interests by the same person, entity or group shall
not be deemed to be a Change in Control; (B) a consolidation or merger (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of
the Company pursuant to which the holders of the Companys equity securities immediately prior to such transaction or series of
related transactions would not be the beneficial owners immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions of at least
50% of the voting power of the entity surviving such transaction or series of related transactions; or (C) the sale, lease, exchange
or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to
a person other than the Slifkas or any of them. In all respects, the definition of Change in Control shall be interpreted
to comply with Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and any successor
statute, and/or guidance thereunder, and the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A and any successor regulation and guidance
thereto; provided, however, an interpretation in compliance with Section 409A of the Code shall not expand the definition of Change
in Control in any way or cause an acquisition by the Slifkas to result in a Change in Control.

(iii) Constructive
Termination means termination of this Agreement by the Executive as a result of any (A) substantial diminution, without
the Executives written consent, in the Executives working conditions consisting of (1) a material reduction in the
Executives duties and responsibilities, (2) any change in the reporting structure so that the Executive no longer reports
solely to the Board, or (3) a relocation of the Executives place of work further than forty (40) miles from Waltham, Massachusetts,
or (B) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. To be able to terminate his employment with the Company for Constructive
Termination, the Executive must provide notice to the Company of the existence of any of the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding
sentence within 90 days of becoming aware of the initial existence of such condition(s), and the Company must fail to remedy such condition(s) within
30 days of such notice. In no event shall the Date of Termination in connection with a Constructive Termination occur any later than 120
days following the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting a Constructive Termination hereunder or, if applicable,
a later date selected by the Board or the Compensation Committee and communicated to the Executive that is no later than December 31
of the year in which the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting a Constructive Termination was delivered to the
Company.

8

(iv) Disability
shall mean a physical or mental condition which (A) renders the Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, unable to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (B) by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than 12 months, results in the Executive receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company.

(g) Notice
of Termination. Any termination or non-renewal (except due to the death of the Executive) by the Company or the Executive shall be
communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination
shall mean a notice which (i) shall state the effective date of such termination, (ii) shall indicate the specific termination
provision in this Agreement relied upon and (iii) shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the provision so indicated. Any such notice shall be provided in accordance
with the requirements of Section 20 hereof. Any notice of voluntary termination by the Executive or of termination without Cause
by the Company shall be given 60 days in advance of such termination. Any notice of Constructive Termination by the Executive shall be
given by the Executive within 90 days of his becoming aware of the existence of the condition upon which the Constructive Termination
is based.

(h) Deemed
Resignation. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, then such termination shall constitute an automatic
resignation of the Executive as an officer of the Company and each affiliate of the Company, and, if applicable, an automatic resignation
of the Executive from the board of directors of any affiliate of the Company and from the board of directors or similar governing body
of any corporation, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company or any of its affiliates holds an equity interest
and with respect to which board or similar governing body the Executive serves as the Companys or such affiliates designee
or other representative. Additionally, if the Executives employment is terminated for Cause, or due to the Executives death
or disability, then such termination shall constitute an automatic resignation of the Executive from the Board.

(i) Date
of Termination. The Date of Termination shall mean (i) the date of death, if the Executives employment
is terminated because of death, (ii) the date the Executive is determined to have a Disability, if the Executives termination
is based on his Disability, and (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated for any other reason (including, without
limitation, non-renewal), the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which date shall be in accordance with the timing rules set
out in (d) or (g) of this Section 7, as applicable. With respect to any compensation payable under this Agreement that
is subject to Section 409A of the Code, references to the Executives Date of Termination or termination of employment (and
variations thereof) shall be deemed to refer only to the Executives separation from service within the meaning of
Section 1.409A-1(h) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, applying the default terms thereof.

9

(j) Delayed
Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision with respect to the timing of payments under this Section 7, if, at the time of
the Executives termination, the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code, and any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) of the Company, then only to the extent necessary to comply with
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, any payments to which the Executive may become entitled under Section 7 as a result
of his separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and any successor statute, regulation
and guidance thereto) which are subject to Section 409A of the Code (and not otherwise exempt from its application) will be withheld
until the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives employment, at which time the Executive
shall be paid an aggregate amount equal to six months of payments otherwise due to the Executive under the terms of this Section 7,
as applicable, plus (to the extent not prohibited by Section 409A of the Code) interest on such amounts at the then applicable prime
rate of interest as established from time to time by Bank of America Corporation or its successor. After the first business day of the
seventh month following the termination of the Executives employment and continuing each month thereafter, the Executive shall
be paid the regular payments otherwise due to the Executive in accordance with the terms of this Section 7, as applicable.

(k) Non-disparagement.
Each of the Company and the Executive agrees not to make any disparaging comments or remarks, orally or in writing, about the other party
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8. Section 409A.
The parties hereto intend that this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance
thereunder. If any provision provided herein may result in the imposition of an additional tax or penalty under the provisions of Section 409A
of the Code, the Executive and the Company agree to amend any such provision to avoid imposition of any such additional tax, to the extent
possible, in the manner that the Executive and the Company mutually agree is appropriate to comply with Section 409A of the Code;
provided that, to the extent possible, any such amendment shall minimize any decrease in the payments or benefits to the Executive contemplated
herein.

9. Confidential
Information; Unauthorized Disclosure.

(a) During
the Term and for the period ending two years following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall not, without the written consent of
the Board or a person authorized thereby, disclose to any person, other than an employee of the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries
or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the Executive of his duties
as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company including serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership,
any secret, confidential and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data obtained by him while in the employ of the Company or any of
its affiliates with respect to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the disclosure
of which he knows or should know will be damaging to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries; provided however, that such
information, knowledge or data shall not include (i) any information, knowledge or data known generally to the public (other than
as a result of unauthorized disclosure by the Executive) or (ii) any information, knowledge or data which the Executive may be required
to disclose by any applicable law, order, or judicial or administrative proceeding.

10

(b) The
Executive acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 9 by the Executive, and
the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this Section 9 by seeking specific
performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach, which may include the right to cease making the
severance payments or providing severance benefits described in Section 7 to the Executive or the right to recoup severance payments
that were previously paid to the Executive. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Section 9
but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from the Executive and his agents.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein (or in any other agreement between the Executive and the Company) shall prevent the Executive from lawfully,
and without obtaining prior authorization from the Company: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental
Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to an
employee individually from any Governmental Authority; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding
by any Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, including providing documents or other confidential information
to Governmental Authorities; or (iv) receiving an award for information provided to the SEC or any other Governmental Authority.
This Agreement shall not be construed or applied to require the Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company before engaging
in any of the foregoing conduct referenced in this Section 9(c), or to notify the Company of having engaged in any such conduct.
Further, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is: (A) made (x) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (y) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal; or (C) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. In the event the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation
by the Company for the Executives reporting of a suspected violation of law, the Executive may (i) disclose a trade secret
to the Executives attorney and (ii) use the trade secret information in the court proceeding related to such lawsuit, in each
case, if the Executive (A) files any document containing such trade secret under seal; and (B) does not otherwise disclose such
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

11

10. Payment
Obligations Absolute. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the Companys obligation to pay the Executive the amounts
and to make the arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances, including,
without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or the Partnership (including its
affiliates) may have against him or anyone else. All amounts payable by the Company shall be paid without notice or demand. The Executive
shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision of this
Agreement, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event effect any reduction of the Companys obligations to
make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement.

11. Successors.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and permitted assigns and any such successor
or permitted assignee shall be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein,
successor and assignee shall be limited to any person, firm, corporation or other business
entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires control of the Company or to which
the Company assigns this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise in connection with any sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, provided that any successor or permitted assignee promptly assumes in a writing delivered to the Executive this Agreement
and, in no event, shall any such succession or assignment release the Company from its obligations hereunder. The Company will require
any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets
of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the
Company as herein before defined and any successor to all or substantially all of its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes
and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

12. Assignment.
The Executive shall not have any right to pledge, hypothecate, anticipate or assign this Agreement or the rights hereunder, except by
will or the laws of descent and distribution, or delegate his duties or obligations hereunder.

13. Governing
Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in state or
federal courts, as applicable, in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.

14. Entire
Agreement. The Company and the Executive intend that this Agreement shall supersede the Prior Agreement in its entirety. This Agreement
together with (i) the attached Annex I and Exhibit A (STIP) hereto, (ii) those certain Global Partners LP
Long-Term Incentive Plan Grants of Phantom Units to the Executive dated June 8, 2022, March 3, 2023, May 3, 2023, August 22,
2023 and March 25, 2024 , and (iii) those certain Global Partners LP 2018 Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan Award Agreements granted
to the Executive and dated October 22, 2021 and June 10, 2022 constitute the entire agreement of the parties with regard to
the subject matter hereof, and contain all of the covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties
with respect to such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Executive acknowledge and agree that the restrictions
on non-disclosure of information, non-competition and non-solicitation set forth herein (including in Section 9 and Annex I
herein) shall complement and be in addition to (and not supersede or replace) any other restrictions upon the Executive with respect
to non-disclosure, non-competition or non-solicitation as set forth in any previous agreement between the Executive and the Company or
any of its affiliates. Subject to the preceding sentence, as of the Effective Date, all understandings and agreements preceding the Effective
Date and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect, including, without limitation
all prior employment and severance agreements, if any, by and between the Company and the Executive; provided that, nothing contained
in the foregoing shall be deemed to supersede or make invalid any prior agreements between the Executive and the Company concerning long-term
incentive plan awards and any agreement by and between the Executive and the Company, the Partnership or any affiliated entity or member
of the Partnership in his capacity as an interest holder.

12

15. Modification.
Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

16. No
Waiver. No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same
or at any prior or subsequent time.

17. Severability.
Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
will constitute one and the same Agreement.

19. Withholding
of Taxes and Other Employee Deductions. The Company may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant to this Agreement all
federal, state, city and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and all other normal
employee deductions made with respect to the Companys employees generally.

20. Notice.
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service or mailed by U.S.
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the parties at their addresses set forth below, or to such other
addresses as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith except that notices of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

13

If to the Company:

Global GP LLC 

P.O. Box 9161 

800 South St., Suite 500 

Waltham, Massachusetts 02454-9161 

Attention: Chief Legal Officer and the Chairman of the Board

with a copy to:

Brenda K. Lenahan 

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. 

666 Fifth Avenue 

25th Floor 

New York, New York 10103

If to the Executive:

At the Executives last known home address listed in
the Companys personnel records from time to time

with a copy to:

Michael A. Hickey 

Goulston & Storrs, P.C.

One Post Office Square 

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding any provision in the this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent required by (a) applicable law, including, without
limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission
rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards and/or (b) any policy that may be adopted or amended by the Board
from time to time to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to
forfeiture, repurchase, recoupment and/or cancellation to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s) and/or policy.

22. Headings.
The section headings have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the dates written below and this Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date.

GLOBAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Sean T. Geary

Name: Sean T. Geary

Title: Chief Legal Officer

Date: March 12, 2025

By: /s/ Eric Slifka

Eric S. Slifka

Date: March 12, 2025

[Signature Page to Eric S. Slifka Employment
Agreement]

15

ANNEX I

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Provisions

Non-competition;
Non-solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, and in the event that the Executives employment is terminated for any reason other than the Executives death or
a termination of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause, then for a period of one (1) year following the Date
of Termination (the Restrictive Period), the Executive shall be prohibited from working (as an employee, consultant,
advisor, director or otherwise), engaging in, or acquiring or investing in, any business having assets engaged in the following businesses
in New England and the other geographic areas in which the Company or any of its affiliates is conducting business as of the Date of Termination
(the Restricted Businesses): (i) wholesale or retail marketing, sale, distribution and transportation of refined
petroleum products, crude oil, renewable fuels (including ethanol and biofuels), and natural gas liquids (including ethane, butane, propane
and condensates); (ii) the storage of refined petroleum products and/or any of the other products identified in clause (i) of
this paragraph in connection with any of the activities described in said clause (i); (iii) the retail sale of convenience store
items and sundries and related food service, whether or not related to the retail sale of refined petroleum products including, without
limitation, gasoline; (iv) bunkering; and (v) any other business in which the Company or its affiliates (a) becomes engaged
during the period that the Executive is employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, or (b) is preparing to become engaged as
of the time that the Executives employment with the Company or any of its affiliates ends and, with respect to parts (a) and
(b) of this clause (v), the Executive has participated in or obtained Confidential Information about such business or anticipated
business.

(b) As
further consideration for the covenants made by the Executive in part (a) of this Annex I, the Company agrees that, during
the Restrictive Period (so long as the Executives employment does not terminate due to the Executives death or a termination
of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause), the Company will provide the Executive with a total payment equal to
fifty percent (50%) of the Executives highest annualized Base Salary paid by the Company within the two years preceding the Date
of Termination (the Garden Leave Payment), which Garden Leave Payment will be divided into twelve (12) substantially
equal installments, with the first installment being paid on the Companys first monthly pay date that follows the Date of Termination
and the remaining eleven (11) installments being paid on the Companys monthly pay dates that follow thereafter; provided, however,
the Company shall have no obligation to provide Garden Leave Payments in the event that the Executive breaches any of the terms of part
(a) of this Annex I.

(c) During
the Restrictive Period, the Executive also shall not directly or indirectly solicit any employees, contractors, vendors, suppliers or
customers of the Company or any of its affiliates to cease to be employed by or otherwise do business with the Company or any of its affiliates,
or to reduce the same, or to be employed or otherwise do business with any Restricted Business. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Annex I to the contrary, the Executive may own up to 3% of a publicly traded entity that is engaged in one or more of the Restricted
Businesses. If any court determines that any of the provisions of this Annex I are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of such
provisions shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid provisions. If any court construes
any of the provisions of this Annex I, or any part thereof, to be unreasonable because of the duration of such provision or the
geographic scope thereof, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or restrict the geographic scope of such provision and
to enforce such provision as so reduced or restricted. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Annex I, nothing
in this Annex I shall limit the Executives ability to perform services in any capacity or invest in any of the following:
(I) money management firm; (II) investment partnership; (III) investment or private equity firm; or (IV) private equity
or other investment fund; except that if any such firm, partnership or fund referenced in subsections (I) through (IV) contemplates
or makes direct investments in the Partnership Group or in any Restricted Business, the Executive must recuse himself and may not personally,
in any respect, be actively involved, actively participate, or directly invest, and must fully comply with the provisions of this Annex
I.

The Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that he had sufficient time (and at least ten business days) to consider the terms of this Annex I before entering into
this Agreement.

Any restrictions on the Executive
otherwise prohibited under this Annex I may be waived only by express written permission of the Conflicts Committee of the Board.

ANNEX I

- 1 -

EXHIBIT A

Short-Term Incentive Plan

Performance
Period: January 1, 20__ through December 31, 20__ [Note: Updated STIP for each calendar year of the Term (2025,
2026 and 2027) to be established by the Compensation Committee by March 31 of such year and appended to this Agreement The below
text subject to revision by the Compensation Committee each year to reflect STIP design changes, if any.].

Target
STIP Amount: $____________

The Executive will be eligible to earn an amount
ranging from 0% to 200% of the Executives Target STIP Amount set forth above. Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount shall
be subject to the level of achievement by Global Partners LP (the Partnership) with respect to two performance
metrics based on (a) the Partnerships earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)
weighted at 35%, and (b) Distributable Cash Flow (as defined in the Partnerships Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership, as amended, before distributions on common and preferred units) (DCF) weighted at 15% for the Performance Period
set forth above. In respect of the EBITDA performance metric, the Executive will earn an amount, if any, as determined in accordance with
the table below (the Earned Amount). The Compensation Committee (the Committee)
of the Board of Directors will review, analyze and certify EBITDA for the Performance Period. In addition, the Committee will have the
discretion to adjust EBITDA to account for unusual, one-time factors that occurred during the Performance Period.

Distributable Cash Flow (DCF)
means,

Aggregate EBITDA (% of Target) Aggregate EBITDA ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Aggregate DCF (% of Target) Aggregate DCF ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount
shall be subject to a discretionary performance metric for the Performance Period. In respect of the discretionary performance metric,
the Earned Amount, if any, will be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. As part of its evaluation, the Committee may consider
factors including but not limited to: (i) financial performance, (ii) acquisitions, (iii) non-strategic site divestitures,
(iv) Alltown Fresh and C-store performance, (v) human resources, (vi) environmental health & safety accomplishments
(and (vii) other factors identified by management to the Committee.

The Committee shall have final authority to make
factual determinations, interpret any ambiguities and resolve any and all issues with respect to the STIP and the determination of the
Executives Earned Amount.

Except as otherwise provided in the employment agreement to which this
Exhibit A is attached or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Earned Amount shall only be payable if the Executive
remains continuously employed through the date on which the Earned Amount is Paid.

Exhibit A

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made this 12th day of March, 2025 and shall be effective as of
January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Global GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Company), and Gregory B. Hanson (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive effective as of June 8, 2022, as amended (the
Prior Agreement), the Company employed the Executive as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Executive
also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Global Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership)
of which the Company is the general partner; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have negotiated mutually agreeable terms for the Executives continued employment by the Company for
a new term of three years commencing as of the Effective Date.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the sufficiency of
which the Company and the Executive each acknowledges, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment
and Term of Employment.

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the employment term hereunder will commence as of the Effective Date and continue through December 31,
2027. So long as the Executive is then employed by the Company, the Company and the Executive agree to begin discussions concerning the
renewal of this Agreement in the second calendar quarter of 2027, with the objective of reaching a final agreement regarding such renewal
by the end of December 2027. Absent the receipt by either party from the other party of a notice not to renew this Agreement as provided
in Section 1(b) below (and so long as the Executive has remained employed by the Company hereunder), the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended from December 31, 2027 through April 15, 2028 to allow for the parties to reach a final agreement
regarding the renewal described in the preceding sentence.

(b) Either
the Company or the Executive may provide the other with prior written notice of its or his desire not to renew this Agreement, delivered
in accordance with Section 20 (Notice) at least ninety (90) days in advance of January 1, 2028, in which
case this Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2027 and the Executive shall receive the compensation set
forth in Section 7(e) below.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1, either the Company or the Executive may terminate the Executives employment with
the Company at any time, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7 hereof.

(d) The
term that the Executive is employed hereunder (as it may be extended and/or renewed) is referred to herein as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties. During the Term, the Company shall employ the Executive as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, or in such other
positions as the parties mutually agree. The Executive shall have such powers and duties and responsibilities as are customary
to such position and as are assigned to the Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the Executives service as Chief Financial Officer of the
Company and of the Partnership. The Executives employment also shall be subject to the policies maintained and established by
the Company that are of general applicability to the Companys employees, as such policies may be amended from time to time.

3. Other
Interests; Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, the Executive shall devote his full time, attention, energies and business efforts during normal business hours to his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and of the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Partnership
and its subsidiaries are sometimes hereinafter referred to collectively as the Partnership Group. During the Term,
except as otherwise restricted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, the parties recognize and agree that the Executive may engage in other business activities that do not conflict with the business
and affairs of the Company or of the Partnership or interfere with the Executives performance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder. Additionally, the covenants set forth in Annex I shall apply to the Executive from the Date of Termination according
to the terms set forth in Annex I.

(b) The
Executive, in entering into this Agreement, hereby agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I
are consonant with public policy, and fair and reasonable provisions for the protection of the Companys and its affiliates
legitimate business interests including, without limitation, the protection of confidential information, trade secrets, goodwill and the
business contacts which the Executive has established and developed, and will establish and develop, in the course of performing his duties
for the Company and its affiliates. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex
I are supported by fair and reasonable consideration independent from continuation of employment, and notice of the non-competition
agreement set forth herein was provided to the Executive at least ten (10) business days before the applicable non-competition restrictions
were to be effective. The Executive has the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement and entering into the non-competition
restrictions set forth herein, and the Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that he has had sufficient opportunity to do so prior
to his entry into this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the non-competition restrictions set forth
in Annex I are no broader than necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company,
including the protection of its and the Partnership Groups trade secrets, confidential information, and goodwill, and (ii) the
geographic reach of the restrictions on the Executives business activity set forth in Annex I are consistent with the geographic
area in which the Executive will have provided services on behalf of the Company or its affiliates. The Executive also agrees that the
Companys legitimate business interests could not be adequately protected through an alternative restrictive covenant other than
the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex I. The Executive and the Company further agree that the non-competition restrictions
set forth in Annex I are supported by mutually agreed upon consideration set forth herein, which consideration includes the Garden
Leave Payment (as defined in Annex I). For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive is a sophisticated businessperson who has entered
into the non-competition restrictions set forth herein knowingly and voluntarily, and the Executive represents that such restrictions
are compliant in all respects with the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 24L.

2

4. Duty
of Loyalty; Indemnification.

(a) The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the Executive owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty to act in the best interests of the Company and of the Partnership Group.
In keeping with such duty, the Executive shall, during the Term, make full disclosure to the Company of all business opportunities pertaining
to the business of the Company or of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and, during the Term, shall not appropriate for the Executives
own benefit business opportunities concerning the business of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise
permitted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I or as consented to in writing by the Board.

(b) The Company shall indemnify
the Executive to the extent permitted by the Companys limited liability company agreement, as amended and/or restated from time
to time, and by applicable law, against all costs, charges and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys fees, incurred
or sustained by the Executive in connection with any claim against the Executive and in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Executive may be made a party by reason of being an officer, director or employee of the Company or of the Partnership or
any of its subsidiaries. In connection with the foregoing, the Executive will be covered under any liability insurance policy that protects
the other officers and directors of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such policies.

5. Place
of Performance. Subject to such business travel from time to time as may be reasonably required in the discharge of his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and while serving as the Chief Financial Officer of the Partnership,
the Executive shall perform his obligations hereunder in, or within forty (40) miles of, Waltham, Massachusetts.

6. Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Executive shall be paid an annualized base salary of $575,000.00, subject to increase at any time
during the Term and at the commencement of the renewal term (if any), if so determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the
Compensation Committee), it being acknowledged by the Executive that the Compensation Committee shall have the authority,
but not the obligation, to increase the Executives base salary, however the Compensation Committee shall not decrease the Executives
base salary without the Executives consent. The Executives base salary, as may be increased in accordance with this Section 6(a),
is hereafter referred to as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments pursuant to the Companys
customary payroll policies and procedures in force at the time of payment, but in no event less frequently than monthly.

3

(b) Bonus. 
From time to time during the Term, the Executive may receive a cash bonus (a Bonus) in an amount to be determined
at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Each Bonus hereunder, if any, shall be paid to the Executive no later than March 15
of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which such Bonus is earned.

(c) Incentive
Compensation.

(i) For
each calendar year during the Term, the Executive shall participate in the annual short-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the
Compensation Committee for such calendar year (the STIP), which STIP shall be adopted by no later than March 31
of such calendar year.

(ii) During
the Term, the Executive shall participate in the Companys long-term incentive plans, if any, made available to the Companys
officers or other employees, subject to the terms of such plans (if any) and such additional criteria as the Compensation Committee may
determine from time to time, which plans may include but are not limited to: (A) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan
(as amended from time to time, including any successor plans) and (B) the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (as amended from time to
time, including any successor plans).

(d) Reimbursements.
During the Term, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive on business trips,
and for all other business and entertainment expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him during the Term in the performance of his services
under this Agreement, in accordance with past practice and with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time
to time, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting documentation as the Company may reasonably require.

(e) Fringe
Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys health insurance, 401(k) and
other benefit plans in accordance with Company policies and on the same general basis as other executives of the Company. During
the Term, the Company also will provide the Executive with additional fringe benefits consistent with benefits that have been provided
to him under prior arrangements and in accordance with past practice, and with such other benefits as may be approved by the Compensation
Committee.

(f) Vacation. 
During the Term (including the renewal period, if any), the Executive shall be granted 30 days of paid vacation for each calendar year
with any unused vacation days to be subject to the Companys standard vacation policy with respect to the carryover or payment for
any such unused vacation days.

7. Separation
from Service.

(a) In
General. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, he (or his estate) shall be paid on the Date of Termination
the following: (i) all amounts of Base Salary due and owing up through the Date of Termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus
as of the Date of Termination, (iii) all reimbursements of expenses appropriately and timely submitted, and (iv) any and all
other amounts, including vacation pay, that may be due to him as of the Date of Termination (the Accrued Obligations).
Additionally, the Executive shall be entitled to retain the following items currently supplied to him by the Company: (i) iPad; and
(ii) smartphone, including all information contained on the smartphone and the then current telephone number for such smartphone,
it being acknowledged and agreed by the Executive that all information contained on the smartphone shall remain subject to the provisions
of Section 9 below; provided, however, that, the Executive is required to tender such items to the Companys IT department
on or prior to the Date of Termination for removal of confidential and proprietary information of the Company and its affiliates. Promptly
following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall return to the Company all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
in his possession.

4

(b) Termination
Due to the Death or Disability of the Executive. The Executives employment hereunder shall be terminated automatically
upon the death or Disability of the Executive. The Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(b) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary (determined as of the Date of Termination) multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination.

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive for Reasons Constituting Constructive Termination. The Executives employment
hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination. Provided
that the Executive executes within the time provided to do so (and does not revoke within any time provided to do so) a release of claims
in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, the Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(c) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

5

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary determined as of the Date of Termination multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination, plus

(v) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits
provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit pursuant to this Section 7(c) constitute
parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (as defined below), are
not eligible for exemption pursuant to Q/A-6(a)(2) of Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax
(collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Company shall either (a) reduce (but not below zero) the total Parachute
Payments so that the present value of the Parachute Payments shall be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times the Executives base
amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the Parachute Payments received by the
Executive shall be subject to the Excise Tax or (b) pay the Parachute Payments in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax
position to the Executive (taking into account the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of the Parachute Payments
hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, Parachute Payments to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such
Parachute Payment would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to
the extent necessary, through to such Parachute Payment that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any Parachute Payment to
be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. Any determination required under this Section 7(c)(v), including whether any payments
or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Company in good faith. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information
and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 7(c)(v). The Company's determinations
shall be final and binding on the Company and the Executive; provided, however, that in the event of a dispute with the Internal Revenue
Service, the parties will revise the determinations as necessary to comply with regulatory requirements in accordance with the Internal
Revenue Services interpretations.

6

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(d) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder for Cause following: (i) reasonable
notice to the Executive setting forth in detail the nature of such Cause and the date and time established for a hearing before the Board,
which notice shall be deemed reasonable if provided not less than fifteen (15) business days from the date of such notice, (ii) an
opportunity to be heard before the Board at the conclusion of such notice period, at which the Executive shall be entitled to representation
by counsel, and (iii) a determination by a majority vote of the Board that the Company has Cause to terminate the Executives
employment.

(e) Nonrenewal
of the Agreement. If the Company provides notice to the Executive that the Company elects not to renew the Agreement at the end of
the applicable Term, and the Executives employment hereunder is terminated at the end of the applicable Term, the Company shall
pay the Executive upon the expiration of the Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter, any
Accrued Obligations plus a lump sum payment equal to 200% of the Executives then Base Salary. Additionally, within ten days following
the Compensation Committees determination of the payout earned by the STIP participants for the year in which the Executives
employment was terminated, the Executive also shall receive payment of the performance-based and discretionary components, if any, of
his STIP award for such year.

(f) Definitions.

(i) For
the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the Executive (A) has engaged in gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of his duties, (B) has committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or willful breach of a fiduciary duty
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries (including the unauthorized disclosure of any material secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries); (C) has been convicted
of a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude or any felony or (D) has breached any material provision of this Agreement or any of
the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I hereto other than as a result of the Executives inability to perform
his obligations hereunder solely due to his poor physical or mental health. The Executive must be provided a written notice from the Company,
giving him at least 30 days to affect a cure of any claimed occurrence under (A), (B) or (D) above that is capable of being
cured, prior to the delivery of any notice described under Section 7(d)(i) hereof.

7

(ii) Change
in Control shall occur upon: (A) the date that any one person, entity or group (other than the successors to the interests
of Alfred Slifka, and other than Richard Slifka or Eric Slifka or their respective family members or entities they control, individually
or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly (collectively referred to hereinafter as the Slifkas)) acquires beneficial
ownership of the membership interests of the Company that, together with the membership interests of the Company already owned beneficially
by such person, entity or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the membership interests of the Company; provided,
however, if any one person, entity or group is considered to control, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total voting power
of the membership interests of the Company, the acquisition of additional membership interests by the same person, entity or group shall
not be deemed to be a Change in Control; (B) a consolidation or merger (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of
the Company pursuant to which the holders of the Companys equity securities immediately prior to such transaction or series of
related transactions would not be the beneficial owners immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions of at least
50% of the voting power of the entity surviving such transaction or series of related transactions; or (C) the sale, lease, exchange
or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to
a person other than the Slifkas or any of them. In all respects, the definition of Change in Control shall be interpreted
to comply with Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and any successor
statute, and/or guidance thereunder, and the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A and any successor regulation and guidance
thereto; provided, however, an interpretation in compliance with Section 409A of the Code shall not expand the definition of Change
in Control in any way or cause an acquisition by the Slifkas to result in a Change in Control.

(iii) Constructive
Termination means termination of this Agreement by the Executive as a result of any (A) substantial diminution, without
the Executives written consent, in the Executives working conditions consisting of (1) a material reduction in the
Executives duties and responsibilities, (2) any change in the reporting structure so that the Executive no longer reports
solely to the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or (3) a relocation of the Executives place of work further
than forty (40) miles from Waltham, Massachusetts, or (B) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. To be able to terminate
his employment with the Company for Constructive Termination, the Executive must provide notice to the Company of the existence of any
of the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence within 90 days of becoming aware of the initial existence of such condition(s),
and the Company must fail to remedy such condition(s) within 30 days of such notice. In no event shall the Date of Termination in
connection with a Constructive Termination occur any later than 120 days following the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination hereunder or, if applicable, a later date selected by the Board or the Compensation Committee and communicated
to the Executive that is no later than December 31 of the year in which the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination was delivered to the Company.

8

(iv) Disability
shall mean a physical or mental condition which (A) renders the Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, unable to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (B) by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than 12 months, results in the Executive receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company.

(g) Notice
of Termination. Any termination or non-renewal (except due to the death of the Executive) by the Company or the Executive shall
be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of
Termination shall mean a notice which (i) shall state the effective date of such termination, (ii) shall indicate
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and (iii) shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the provision so indicated. Any such notice shall
be provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 20 hereof. Any notice of voluntary termination by the Executive or of
termination without Cause by the Company shall be given 60 days in advance of such termination. Any notice of Constructive Termination
by the Executive shall be given by the Executive within 90 days of his becoming aware of the existence of the condition upon which the
Constructive Termination is based.

(h) Deemed
Resignation. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, then such termination shall constitute an automatic
resignation of the Executive as an officer of the Company and each affiliate of the Company, and, if applicable, an automatic resignation
of the Executive from the Board and from the board of directors of any affiliate of the Company and from the board of directors or similar
governing body of any corporation, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company or any of its affiliates holds an equity
interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body the Executive serves as the Companys or such affiliates
designee or other representative.

(i) Date
of Termination. The Date of Termination shall mean (i) the date of death, if the Executives
employment is terminated because of death, (ii) the date the Executive is determined to have a Disability, if the Executives
termination is based on his Disability, and (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated for any other reason (including,
without limitation, non-renewal), the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which date shall be in accordance with the timing rules set
out in (d) or (g) of this Section 7, as applicable. With respect to any compensation payable under this Agreement that
is subject to Section 409A of the Code, references to the Executives Date of Termination or termination of employment (and
variations thereof) shall be deemed to refer only to the Executives separation from service within the meaning of
Section 1.409A-1(h) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, applying the default terms thereof.

9

(j) Delayed
Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision with respect to the timing of payments under this Section 7, if, at the time of
the Executives termination, the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee (within the meaning
of Section 409A of the Code, and any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) of the Company, then only to the extent
necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, any payments to which the Executive may become entitled
under Section 7 as a result of his separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and
any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) which are subject to Section 409A of the Code (and not otherwise exempt from
its application) will be withheld until the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives
employment, at which time the Executive shall be paid an aggregate amount equal to six months of payments otherwise due to the
Executive under the terms of this Section 7, as applicable, plus (to the extent not prohibited by Section 409A of the Code)
interest on such amounts at the then applicable prime rate of interest as established from time to time by Bank of America Corporation
or its successor. After the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives employment
and continuing each month thereafter, the Executive shall be paid the regular payments otherwise due to the Executive in
accordance with the terms of this Section 7, as applicable.

(k) Non-disparagement.
Each of the Company and the Executive agrees not to make any disparaging comments or remarks, orally or in writing, about the other party
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8. Section 409A. 
The parties hereto intend that this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance
thereunder. If any provision provided herein may result in the imposition of an additional tax or penalty under the provisions of
Section 409A of the Code, the Executive and the Company agree to amend any such provision to avoid imposition of any such additional
tax, to the extent possible, in the manner that the Executive and the Company mutually agree is appropriate to comply with Section 409A
of the Code; provided that, to the extent possible, any such amendment shall minimize any decrease in the payments or benefits to the
Executive contemplated herein.

9. Confidential
Information; Unauthorized Disclosure.

(a) During
the Term and for the period ending two years following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall not, without the written consent of
the Board or a person authorized thereby, disclose to any person, other than an employee of the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries
or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the Executive of his duties
as Chief Financial Officer of the Company including serving as the Chief Financial Officer of the Partnership, any secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data obtained by him while in the employ of the Company or any of its affiliates with respect
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the disclosure of which he knows or should
know will be damaging to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries; provided however, that such information, knowledge or
data shall not include (i) any information, knowledge or data known generally to the public (other than as a result of unauthorized
disclosure by the Executive) or (ii) any information, knowledge or data which the Executive may be required to disclose by any applicable
law, order, or judicial or administrative proceeding.

10

(b) The
Executive acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 9 by the Executive, and
the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this Section 9 by seeking specific
performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach, which may include the right to cease making the
severance payments or providing severance benefits described in Section 7 to the Executive or the right to recoup severance payments
that were previously paid to the Executive. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Section 9
but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from the Executive and his agents.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein (or in any other agreement between the Executive and the Company) shall prevent the Executive from lawfully,
and without obtaining prior authorization from the Company: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental
Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to an
employee individually from any Governmental Authority; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding
by any Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, including providing documents or other confidential information
to Governmental Authorities; or (iv) receiving an award for information provided to the SEC or any other Governmental Authority.
This Agreement shall not be construed or applied to require the Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company before engaging
in any of the foregoing conduct referenced in this Section 9(c), or to notify the Company of having engaged in any such conduct.
Further, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is: (A) made (x) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (y) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal; or (C) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. In the event the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation
by the Company for the Executives reporting of a suspected violation of law, the Executive may (i) disclose a trade secret
to the Executives attorney and (ii) use the trade secret information in the court proceeding related to such lawsuit, in each
case, if the Executive (A) files any document containing such trade secret under seal; and (B) does not otherwise disclose such
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

10. Payment
Obligations Absolute. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the Companys obligation to pay the Executive
the amounts and to make the arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances,
including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or the Partnership (including
its affiliates) may have against him or anyone else. All amounts payable by the Company shall be paid without notice or demand. 
The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision
of this Agreement, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event effect any reduction of the Companys obligations
to make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement.

11

11. Successors. 
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and permitted assigns and any such successor
or permitted assignee shall be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein,
successor and assignee shall be limited to any person, firm, corporation or other business
entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires control of the Company or to which
the Company assigns this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise in connection with any sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, provided that any successor or permitted assignee promptly assumes in a writing delivered to the Executive this Agreement
and, in no event, shall any such succession or assignment release the Company from its obligations hereunder. The Company will require
any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets
of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the
Company as herein before defined and any successor to all or substantially all of its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes
and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

12. Assignment. 
The Executive shall not have any right to pledge, hypothecate, anticipate or assign this Agreement or the rights hereunder, except by
will or the laws of descent and distribution, or delegate his duties or obligations hereunder.

13. Governing
Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
brought in state or federal courts, as applicable, in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.

14. Entire
Agreement. The Company and the Executive intend that this Agreement shall supersede the Prior Agreement in its entirety. This
Agreement together with (i) the attached Annex I and Exhibit A (STIP) hereto, (ii) those certain Global
Partners LP Long-Term Incentive Plan Grants of Phantom Units to the Executive dated June 8, 2022, March 3, 2023, May 3,
2023, August 22, 2023 and March 25, 2024, and (iii) those certain Global Partners LP 2018 Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan
Award Agreements granted to the Executive and dated March 11, 2021, and March 31, 2022 and June 10, 2022, constitute the
entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contain all of the covenants, promises, representations,
warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and
the Executive acknowledge and agree that the restrictions on non-disclosure of information, non-competition and non-solicitation set
forth herein (including in Section 9 and Annex I herein) shall complement and be in addition to (and not supersede or replace)
any other restrictions upon the Executive with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition or non-solicitation as set forth in any previous
agreement between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates. Subject to the preceding sentence, as of the Effective Date,
all understandings and agreements preceding the Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and
of no further force and effect, including, without limitation all prior employment and severance agreements, if any, by and between the
Company and the Executive; provided that, nothing contained in the foregoing shall be deemed to supersede or make invalid any prior agreements
between the Executive and the Company concerning long-term incentive plan awards and any agreement by and between the Executive and the
Company, the Partnership or any affiliated entity or member of the Partnership in his capacity as an interest holder.

12

15. Modification. 
Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

16. No
Waiver. No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the
same or at any prior or subsequent time.

17. Severability. 
Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
will constitute one and the same Agreement.

19. Withholding
of Taxes and Other Employee Deductions. The Company may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant to this Agreement
all federal, state, city and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and all other normal
employee deductions made with respect to the Companys employees generally.

20. Notice. 
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service or mailed by U.S. registered
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the parties at their addresses set forth below, or to such other addresses
as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith except that notices of change of address shall be effective
only upon receipt.

13

If to the Company:

Global GP LLC

P.O. Box 9161

800 South St., Suite 500

Waltham, Massachusetts 02454-9161

Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board

with a copy to:

Brenda K. Lenahan

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

666 Fifth Avenue

25th Floor

New York, New York 10103

If to the Executive:

At the Executives last known home address listed in
the Companys personnel records from time to time

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding any provision in the this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent required by (a) applicable law, including, without
limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission
rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards and/or (b) any policy that may be adopted or amended by the Board
from time to time to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to
forfeiture, repurchase, recoupment and/or cancellation to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s) and/or policy.

22. Headings. 
The section headings have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the dates written below and this Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date.

GLOBAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Eric Slifka

Name: Eric Slifka

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 12, 2025

By: /s/ Gregory B. Hanson

GREGORY B. HANSON

Date: March 12, 2025

[Signature page to Gregory B. Hanson Employment
Agreement]

15

ANNEX I

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Provisions

Non-competition;
Non-solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, and in the event that the Executives employment is terminated for any reason other than the Executives death or
a termination of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause, then for a period of one (1) year following the Date
of Termination (the Restrictive Period), the Executive shall be prohibited from working (as an employee, consultant,
advisor, director or otherwise), engaging in, or acquiring or investing in, any business having assets engaged in the following businesses
in New England and the other geographic areas in which the Company or any of its affiliates is conducting business as of the Date of Termination
(the Restricted Businesses): (i) wholesale or retail marketing, sale, distribution and transportation of refined
petroleum products, crude oil, renewable fuels (including ethanol and biofuels), and natural gas liquids (including ethane, butane, propane
and condensates); (ii) the storage of refined petroleum products and/or any of the other products identified in clause (i) of
this paragraph in connection with any of the activities described in said clause (i); (iii) the retail sale of convenience store
items and sundries and related food service, whether or not related to the retail sale of refined petroleum products including, without
limitation, gasoline; (iv) bunkering; and (v) any other business in which the Company or its affiliates (a) becomes engaged
during the period that the Executive is employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, or (b) is preparing to become engaged as
of the time that the Executives employment with the Company or any of its affiliates ends and, with respect to parts (a) and
(b) of this clause (v), the Executive has participated in or obtained Confidential Information about such business or anticipated
business.

(b) As
further consideration for the covenants made by the Executive in part (a) of this Annex I, the Company agrees that, during
the Restrictive Period (so long as the Executives employment does not terminate due to the Executives death or a termination
of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause), the Company will provide the Executive with a total payment equal to
fifty percent (50%) of the Executives highest annualized Base Salary paid by the Company within the two years preceding the Date
of Termination (the Garden Leave Payment), which Garden Leave Payment will be divided into twelve (12) substantially
equal installments, with the first installment being paid on the Companys first monthly pay date that follows the Date of Termination
and the remaining eleven (11) installments being paid on the Companys monthly pay dates that follow thereafter; provided, however,
the Company shall have no obligation to provide Garden Leave Payments in the event that the Executive breaches any of the terms of part
(a) of this Annex I.

(c) During
the Restrictive Period, the Executive also shall not directly or indirectly solicit any employees, contractors, vendors, suppliers or
customers of the Company or any of its affiliates to cease to be employed by or otherwise do business with the Company or any of its affiliates,
or to reduce the same, or to be employed or otherwise do business with any Restricted Business. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Annex I to the contrary, the Executive may own up to 3% of a publicly traded entity that is engaged in one or more of the Restricted
Businesses. If any court determines that any of the provisions of this Annex I are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of such
provisions shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid provisions. If any court construes
any of the provisions of this Annex I, or any part thereof, to be unreasonable because of the duration of such provision or the
geographic scope thereof, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or restrict the geographic scope of such provision and
to enforce such provision as so reduced or restricted. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Annex I, nothing
in this Annex I shall limit the Executives ability to perform services in any capacity or invest in any of the following:
(I) money management firm; (II) investment partnership; (III) investment or private equity firm; or (IV) private equity
or other investment fund; except that if any such firm, partnership or fund referenced in subsections (I) through (IV) contemplates
or makes direct investments in the Partnership Group or in any Restricted Business, the Executive must recuse himself and may not personally,
in any respect, be actively involved, actively participate, or directly invest, and must fully comply with the provisions of this Annex
I.

The Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that he had sufficient time (and at least ten business days) to consider the terms of this Annex I before entering into
this Agreement.

Any restrictions on the Executive
otherwise prohibited under this Annex I may be waived only by express written permission of the Conflicts Committee of the Board.

ANNEX I

- 1 -

EXHIBIT A

Short-Term Incentive Plan

Performance
Period: January 1, 20__ through December 31, 20__ [Note: Updated STIP for each calendar year of the Term (2025,
2026 and 2027) to be established by the Compensation Committee by March 31 of such year and appended to this Agreement The below
text subject to revision by the Compensation Committee each year to reflect STIP design changes, if any.].

Target
STIP Amount: $____________

The Executive will be eligible to earn an amount
ranging from 0% to 200% of the Executives Target STIP Amount set forth above. Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount shall
be subject to the level of achievement by Global Partners LP (the Partnership) with respect to two performance
metrics based on (a) the Partnerships earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)
weighted at 35%, and (b) Distributable Cash Flow (as defined in the Partnerships Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership, as amended, before distributions on common and preferred units) (DCF) weighted at 15% for the Performance Period
set forth above. In respect of the EBITDA performance metric, the Executive will earn an amount, if any, as determined in accordance with
the table below (the Earned Amount). The Compensation Committee (the Committee)
of the Board of Directors will review, analyze and certify EBITDA for the Performance Period. In addition, the Committee will have the
discretion to adjust EBITDA to account for unusual, one-time factors that occurred during the Performance Period.

Distributable Cash Flow (DCF)
means,

Aggregate EBITDA (% of Target) Aggregate EBITDA ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Aggregate DCF (% of Target) Aggregate DCF ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount
shall be subject to a discretionary performance metric for the Performance Period. In respect of the discretionary performance metric,
the Earned Amount, if any, will be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. As part of its evaluation, the Committee may consider
factors including but not limited to: (i) financial performance, (ii) acquisitions, (iii) non-strategic site divestitures,
(iv) Alltown Fresh and C-store performance, (v) human resources, (vi) environmental health & safety accomplishments
(and (vii) other factors identified by management to the Committee.

The Committee shall have final authority to make
factual determinations, interpret any ambiguities and resolve any and all issues with respect to the STIP and the determination of the
Executives Earned Amount.

Except as otherwise provided in the employment agreement to which this
Exhibit A is attached or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Earned Amount shall only be payable if the Executive
remains continuously employed through the date on which the Earned Amount is Paid.

Exhibit
A

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made this 12th day of March, 2025 and shall be effective as of
January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Global GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Company), and Mark Romaine (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive effective as of June 8, 2022 (the Prior
Agreement), the Company employed the Executive as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the Executive also served
as the Chief Operating Officer of Global Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership) of which the
Company is the general partner; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have negotiated mutually agreeable terms for the Executives continued employment by the Company for
a new term of three years commencing as of the Effective Date.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the sufficiency of
which the Company and the Executive each acknowledges, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment
and Term of Employment.

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the employment term hereunder will commence as of the Effective Date and continue through December 31,
2027. So long as the Executive is then employed by the Company, the Company and the Executive agree to begin discussions concerning the
renewal of this Agreement in the second calendar quarter of 2027, with the objective of reaching a final agreement regarding such renewal
by the end of December 2027. Absent the receipt by either party from the other party of a notice not to renew this Agreement as provided
in Section 1(b) below (and so long as the Executive has remained employed by the Company hereunder), the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended from December 31, 2027 through April 15, 2028 to allow for the parties to reach a final agreement
regarding the renewal described in the preceding sentence.

(b) Either
the Company or the Executive may provide the other with prior written notice of its or his desire not to renew this Agreement, delivered
in accordance with Section 20 (Notice) at least ninety (90) days in advance of January 1, 2028, in which
case this Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2027 and the Executive shall receive the compensation set
forth in Section 7(e) below.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1, either the Company or the Executive may terminate the Executives employment with
the Company at any time, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7 hereof.

(d) The
term that the Executive is employed hereunder (as it may be extended and/or renewed) is referred to herein as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties. During the Term, the Company shall employ the Executive as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, or in such other
positions as the parties mutually agree. The Executive shall have such powers and duties and responsibilities as are customary to
such position and as are assigned to the Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or the President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the Executives service as Chief Operating Officer of the Company
and of the Partnership. The Executives employment also shall be subject to the policies maintained and established by the Company
that are of general applicability to the Companys employees, as such policies may be amended from time to time.

3. Other
Interests; Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, the Executive shall devote his full time, attention, energies and business efforts during normal business hours to his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and of the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Partnership
and its subsidiaries are sometimes hereinafter referred to collectively as the Partnership Group. During the Term,
except as otherwise restricted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, the parties recognize and agree that the Executive may engage in other business activities that do not conflict with the business
and affairs of the Company or of the Partnership or interfere with the Executives performance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder. Additionally, the covenants set forth in Annex I shall apply to the Executive from the Date of Termination according
to the terms set forth in Annex I.

(b) The
Executive, in entering into this Agreement, hereby agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I
are consonant with public policy, and fair and reasonable provisions for the protection of the Companys and its affiliates
legitimate business interests including, without limitation, the protection of confidential information, trade secrets, goodwill and the
business contacts which the Executive has established and developed, and will establish and develop, in the course of performing his duties
for the Company and its affiliates. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex
I are supported by fair and reasonable consideration independent from continuation of employment, and notice of the non-competition
agreement set forth herein was provided to the Executive at least ten (10) business days before the applicable non-competition restrictions
were to be effective. The Executive has the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement and entering into the non-competition
restrictions set forth herein, and the Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that he has had sufficient opportunity to do so prior
to his entry into this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the non-competition restrictions set forth
in Annex I are no broader than necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company,
including the protection of its and the Partnership Groups trade secrets, confidential information, and goodwill, and (ii) the
geographic reach of the restrictions on the Executives business activity set forth in Annex I are consistent with the geographic
area in which the Executive will have provided services on behalf of the Company or its affiliates. The Executive also agrees that the
Companys legitimate business interests could not be adequately protected through an alternative restrictive covenant other than
the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex I. The Executive and the Company further agree that the non-competition restrictions
set forth in Annex I are supported by mutually agreed upon consideration set forth herein, which consideration includes the Garden
Leave Payment (as defined in Annex I). For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive is a sophisticated businessperson who has entered
into the non-competition restrictions set forth herein knowingly and voluntarily, and the Executive represents that such restrictions
are compliant in all respects with the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 24L.

2

4. Duty
of Loyalty; Indemnification.

(a) The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the Executive owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty to act in the best interests of the Company and of the Partnership Group.
In keeping with such duty, the Executive shall, during the Term, make full disclosure to the Company of all business opportunities pertaining
to the business of the Company or of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and, during the Term, shall not appropriate for the Executives
own benefit business opportunities concerning the business of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise
permitted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I or as consented to in writing by the Board.

(b) The Company shall indemnify
the Executive to the extent permitted by the Companys limited liability company agreement, as amended and/or restated from time
to time, and by applicable law, against all costs, charges and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys fees, incurred
or sustained by the Executive in connection with any claim against the Executive and in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Executive may be made a party by reason of being an officer, director or employee of the Company or of the Partnership or
any of its subsidiaries. In connection with the foregoing, the Executive will be covered under any liability insurance policy that protects
the other officers and directors of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such policies.

5. Place
of Performance. Subject to such business travel from time to time as may be reasonably required in the discharge of his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and while serving as the Chief Operating Officer of the Partnership,
the Executive shall perform his obligations hereunder in, or within forty (40) miles of, Waltham, Massachusetts.

6. Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Executive shall be paid an annualized base salary of $700,000.00, subject to increase at any time
during the Term and at the commencement of the renewal term (if any), if so determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the
Compensation Committee), it being acknowledged by the Executive that the Compensation Committee shall have the authority,
but not the obligation, to increase the Executives base salary, however the Compensation Committee shall not decrease the Executives
base salary without the Executives consent. The Executives base salary, as may be increased in accordance with this Section 6(a),
is hereafter referred to as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments pursuant to the Companys
customary payroll policies and procedures in force at the time of payment, but in no event less frequently than monthly.

3

(b) Bonus. 
From time to time during the Term, the Executive may receive a cash bonus (a Bonus) in an amount to be determined
at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Each Bonus hereunder, if any, shall be paid to the Executive no later than March 15
of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which such Bonus is earned.

(c) Incentive
Compensation.

(i) For
each calendar year during the Term, the Executive shall participate in the annual short-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the
Compensation Committee for such calendar year (the STIP), which STIP shall be adopted by no later than March 31
of such calendar year.

(ii) During
the Term, the Executive shall participate in the Companys long-term incentive plans, if any, made available to the Companys
officers or other employees, subject to the terms of such plans (if any) and such additional criteria as the Compensation Committee may
determine from time to time, which plans may include but are not limited to: (A) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan
(as amended from time to time, including any successor plans) and (B) the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (as amended from time to
time, including any successor plans).

(d) Reimbursements.
During the Term, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive on business trips,
and for all other business and entertainment expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him during the Term in the performance of his services
under this Agreement, in accordance with past practice and with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time
to time, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting documentation as the Company may reasonably require.

(e) Fringe
Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys health insurance, 401(k) and
other benefit plans in accordance with Company policies and on the same general basis as other executives of the Company. During
the Term, the Company also will provide the Executive with additional fringe benefits consistent with benefits that have been provided
to him under prior arrangements and in accordance with past practice, and with such other benefits as may be approved by the Compensation
Committee.

(f) Vacation. 
During the Term (including the renewal period, if any), the Executive shall be granted 30 days of paid vacation for each calendar year
with any unused vacation days to be subject to the Companys standard vacation policy with respect to the carryover or payment for
any such unused vacation days.

7. Separation
from Service.

(a) In
General. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, he (or his estate) shall be paid on the Date of Termination
the following: (i) all amounts of Base Salary due and owing up through the Date of Termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus
as of the Date of Termination, (iii) all reimbursements of expenses appropriately and timely submitted, and (iv) any and all
other amounts, including vacation pay, that may be due to him as of the Date of Termination (the Accrued Obligations).
Additionally, the Executive shall be entitled to retain the following items currently supplied to him by the Company: (i) iPad; and
(ii) smartphone, including all information contained on the smartphone and the then current telephone number for such smartphone,
it being acknowledged and agreed by the Executive that all information contained on the smartphone shall remain subject to the provisions
of Section 9 below; provided, however, that, the Executive is required to tender such items to the Companys IT department
on or prior to the Date of Termination for removal of confidential and proprietary information of the Company and its affiliates. Promptly
following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall return to the Company all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
in his possession.

4

(b) Termination
Due to the Death or Disability of the Executive. The Executives employment hereunder shall be terminated automatically
upon the death or Disability of the Executive. The Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(b) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary (determined as of the Date of Termination) multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination.

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive for Reasons Constituting Constructive Termination. The Executives employment
hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination. Provided
that the Executive executes within the time provided to do so (and does not revoke within any time provided to do so) a release of claims
in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, the Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(c) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

5

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary determined as of the Date of Termination multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination, plus

(v) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits
provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit pursuant to this Section 7(c) constitute
parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (as defined below), are
not eligible for exemption pursuant to Q/A-6(a)(2) of Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax
(collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Company shall either (a) reduce (but not below zero) the total Parachute
Payments so that the present value of the Parachute Payments shall be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times the Executives base
amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the Parachute Payments received by the
Executive shall be subject to the Excise Tax or (b) pay the Parachute Payments in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax
position to the Executive (taking into account the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of the Parachute Payments
hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, Parachute Payments to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such
Parachute Payment would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to
the extent necessary, through to such Parachute Payment that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any Parachute Payment to
be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. Any determination required under this Section 7(c)(v), including whether any payments
or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Company in good faith. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information
and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 7(c)(v). The Company's determinations
shall be final and binding on the Company and the Executive; provided, however, that in the event of a dispute with the Internal Revenue
Service, the parties will revise the determinations as necessary to comply with regulatory requirements in accordance with the Internal
Revenue Services interpretations.

6

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(d) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder for Cause following: (i) reasonable
notice to the Executive setting forth in detail the nature of such Cause and the date and time established for a hearing before the Board,
which notice shall be deemed reasonable if provided not less than fifteen (15) business days from the date of such notice, (ii) an
opportunity to be heard before the Board at the conclusion of such notice period, at which the Executive shall be entitled to representation
by counsel, and (iii) a determination by a majority vote of the Board that the Company has Cause to terminate the Executives
employment.

(e) Nonrenewal
of the Agreement. If the Company provides notice to the Executive that the Company elects not to renew the Agreement at the end of
the applicable Term, and the Executives employment hereunder is terminated at the end of the applicable Term, the Company shall
pay the Executive upon the expiration of the Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter, any
Accrued Obligations plus a lump sum payment equal to 200% of the Executives then Base Salary. Additionally, within ten days following
the Compensation Committees determination of the payout earned by the STIP participants for the year in which the Executives
employment was terminated, the Executive also shall receive payment of the performance-based and discretionary components, if any, of
his STIP award for such year.

(f) Definitions.

(i) For
the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the Executive (A) has engaged in gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of his duties, (B) has committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or willful breach of a fiduciary duty
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries (including the unauthorized disclosure of any material secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries); (C) has been convicted
of a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude or any felony or (D) has breached any material provision of this Agreement or any of
the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I hereto other than as a result of the Executives inability to perform
his obligations hereunder solely due to his poor physical or mental health. The Executive must be provided a written notice from the Company,
giving him at least 30 days to affect a cure of any claimed occurrence under (A), (B) or (D) above that is capable of being
cured, prior to the delivery of any notice described under Section 7(d)(i) hereof.

(ii) Change
in Control shall occur upon: (A) the date that any one person, entity or group (other than the successors to the interests
of Alfred Slifka, and other than Richard Slifka or Eric Slifka or their respective family members or entities they control, individually
or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly (collectively referred to hereinafter as the Slifkas)) acquires beneficial
ownership of the membership interests of the Company that, together with the membership interests of the Company already owned beneficially
by such person, entity or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the membership interests of the Company; provided,
however, if any one person, entity or group is considered to control, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total voting power
of the membership interests of the Company, the acquisition of additional membership interests by the same person, entity or group shall
not be deemed to be a Change in Control; (B) a consolidation or merger (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of
the Company pursuant to which the holders of the Companys equity securities immediately prior to such transaction or series of
related transactions would not be the beneficial owners immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions of at least
50% of the voting power of the entity surviving such transaction or series of related transactions; or (C) the sale, lease, exchange
or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to
a person other than the Slifkas or any of them. In all respects, the definition of Change in Control shall be interpreted
to comply with Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and any successor
statute, and/or guidance thereunder, and the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A and any successor regulation and guidance
thereto; provided, however, an interpretation in compliance with Section 409A of the Code shall not expand the definition of Change
in Control in any way or cause an acquisition by the Slifkas to result in a Change in Control.

7

(iii) Constructive
Termination means termination of this Agreement by the Executive as a result of any (A) substantial diminution, without
the Executives written consent, in the Executives working conditions consisting of (1) a material reduction in the
Executives duties and responsibilities, (2) any change in the reporting structure so that the Executive no longer reports
solely to the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or (3) a relocation of the Executives place of work further
than forty (40) miles from Waltham, Massachusetts, or (B) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. To be able to terminate
his employment with the Company for Constructive Termination, the Executive must provide notice to the Company of the existence of any
of the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence within 90 days of becoming aware of the initial existence of such condition(s),
and the Company must fail to remedy such condition(s) within 30 days of such notice. In no event shall the Date of Termination in
connection with a Constructive Termination occur any later than 120 days following the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination hereunder or, if applicable, a later date selected by the Board or the Compensation Committee and communicated
to the Executive that is no later than December 31 of the year in which the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination was delivered to the Company.

(iv) Disability
shall mean a physical or mental condition which (A) renders the Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, unable to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (B) by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than 12 months, results in the Executive receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company.

8

(g) Notice
of Termination. Any termination or non-renewal (except due to the death of the Executive) by the Company or the Executive shall
be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of
Termination shall mean a notice which (i) shall state the effective date of such termination, (ii) shall indicate
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and (iii) shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the provision so indicated. Any such notice shall
be provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 20 hereof. Any notice of voluntary termination by the Executive or of
termination without Cause by the Company shall be given 60 days in advance of such termination. Any notice of Constructive Termination
by the Executive shall be given by the Executive within 90 days of his becoming aware of the existence of the condition upon which the
Constructive Termination is based.

(h) Deemed
Resignation. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, then such termination shall constitute an automatic
resignation of the Executive as an officer of the Company and each affiliate of the Company, and, if applicable, an automatic resignation
of the Executive from the Board and from the board of directors of any affiliate of the Company and from the board of directors or similar
governing body of any corporation, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company or any of its affiliates holds an equity
interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body the Executive serves as the Companys or such affiliates
designee or other representative.

(i) Date
of Termination. The Date of Termination shall mean (i) the date of death, if the Executives
employment is terminated because of death, (ii) the date the Executive is determined to have a Disability, if the Executives
termination is based on his Disability, and (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated for any other reason (including,
without limitation, non-renewal), the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which date shall be in accordance with the timing rules set
out in (d) or (g) of this Section 7, as applicable. With respect to any compensation payable under this Agreement that
is subject to Section 409A of the Code, references to the Executives Date of Termination or termination of employment (and
variations thereof) shall be deemed to refer only to the Executives separation from service within the meaning of
Section 1.409A-1(h) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, applying the default terms thereof.

(j) Delayed
Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision with respect to the timing of payments under this Section 7, if, at the time of
the Executives termination, the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee (within the meaning
of Section 409A of the Code, and any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) of the Company, then only to the extent
necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, any payments to which the Executive may become entitled
under Section 7 as a result of his separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and
any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) which are subject to Section 409A of the Code (and not otherwise exempt from
its application) will be withheld until the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives
employment, at which time the Executive shall be paid an aggregate amount equal to six months of payments otherwise due to the
Executive under the terms of this Section 7, as applicable, plus (to the extent not prohibited by Section 409A of the Code)
interest on such amounts at the then applicable prime rate of interest as established from time to time by Bank of America Corporation
or its successor. After the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives employment
and continuing each month thereafter, the Executive shall be paid the regular payments otherwise due to the Executive in
accordance with the terms of this Section 7, as applicable.

9

(k) Non-disparagement.
Each of the Company and the Executive agrees not to make any disparaging comments or remarks, orally or in writing, about the other party
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8. Section 409A. 
The parties hereto intend that this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance
thereunder. If any provision provided herein may result in the imposition of an additional tax or penalty under the provisions of
Section 409A of the Code, the Executive and the Company agree to amend any such provision to avoid imposition of any such additional
tax, to the extent possible, in the manner that the Executive and the Company mutually agree is appropriate to comply with Section 409A
of the Code; provided that, to the extent possible, any such amendment shall minimize any decrease in the payments or benefits to the
Executive contemplated herein.

9. Confidential
Information; Unauthorized Disclosure.

(a) During
the Term and for the period ending two years following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall not, without the written consent of
the Board or a person authorized thereby, disclose to any person, other than an employee of the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries
or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the Executive of his duties
as Chief Operating Officer of the Company including serving as the Chief Operating Officer of the Partnership, any secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data obtained by him while in the employ of the Company or any of its affiliates with respect
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the disclosure of which he knows or should
know will be damaging to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries; provided however, that such information, knowledge or
data shall not include (i) any information, knowledge or data known generally to the public (other than as a result of unauthorized
disclosure by the Executive) or (ii) any information, knowledge or data which the Executive may be required to disclose by any applicable
law, order, or judicial or administrative proceeding.

10

(b) The
Executive acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 9 by the Executive, and
the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this Section 9 by seeking specific
performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach, which may include the right to cease making the
severance payments or providing severance benefits described in Section 7 to the Executive or the right to recoup severance payments
that were previously paid to the Executive. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Section 9
but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from the Executive and his agents.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein (or in any other agreement between the Executive and the Company) shall prevent the Executive from lawfully,
and without obtaining prior authorization from the Company: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental
Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to an
employee individually from any Governmental Authority; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding
by any Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, including providing documents or other confidential information
to Governmental Authorities; or (iv) receiving an award for information provided to the SEC or any other Governmental Authority.
This Agreement shall not be construed or applied to require the Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company before engaging
in any of the foregoing conduct referenced in this Section 9(c), or to notify the Company of having engaged in any such conduct.
Further, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is: (A) made (x) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (y) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal; or (C) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. In the event the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation
by the Company for the Executives reporting of a suspected violation of law, the Executive may (i) disclose a trade secret
to the Executives attorney and (ii) use the trade secret information in the court proceeding related to such lawsuit, in each
case, if the Executive (A) files any document containing such trade secret under seal; and (B) does not otherwise disclose such
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

10. Payment
Obligations Absolute. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the Companys obligation to pay the Executive
the amounts and to make the arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances,
including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or the Partnership (including
its affiliates) may have against him or anyone else. All amounts payable by the Company shall be paid without notice or demand. 
The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision
of this Agreement, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event effect any reduction of the Companys obligations
to make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement.

11

11. Successors. 
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and permitted assigns and any such successor
or permitted assignee shall be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein,
successor and assignee shall be limited to any person, firm, corporation or other business entity
which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires control of the Company or to which the Company
assigns this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise in connection with any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
provided that any successor or permitted assignee promptly assumes in a writing delivered to the Executive this Agreement and, in no event,
shall any such succession or assignment release the Company from its obligations hereunder. The Company will require any successor (whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume
expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform
it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as herein before
defined and any successor to all or substantially all of its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this
Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

12. Assignment. 
The Executive shall not have any right to pledge, hypothecate, anticipate or assign this Agreement or the rights hereunder, except by
will or the laws of descent and distribution, or delegate his duties or obligations hereunder.

13. Governing
Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
brought in state or federal courts, as applicable, in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.

14. Entire
Agreement. The Company and the Executive intend that this Agreement shall supersede the Prior Agreement in its entirety. This
Agreement together with (i) the attached Annex I and Exhibit A (STIP) hereto, (ii) those certain Global Partners
LP Long-Term Incentive Plan Grants of Phantom Units to the Executive dated June 8, 2022, March 3, 2023, May 3, 2023, August 23,
2023 and March 25, 2024, and (iii) those certain Global Partners LP 2018 Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan Award Agreements granted
to the Executive and dated October 22, 2021 and June 10, 2022 constitute the entire agreement of the parties with regard to
the subject matter hereof, and contain all of the covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties
with respect to such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Executive acknowledge and agree that the
restrictions on non-disclosure of information, non-competition and non-solicitation set forth herein (including in Section 9 and
Annex I herein) shall complement and be in addition to (and not supersede or replace) any other restrictions upon the Executive
with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition or non-solicitation as set forth in any previous agreement between the Executive and the
Company or any of its affiliates. Subject to the preceding sentence, as of the Effective Date, all understandings and agreements preceding
the Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect, including, without
limitation all prior employment and severance agreements, if any, by and between the Company and the Executive; provided that, nothing
contained in the foregoing shall be deemed to supersede or make invalid any prior agreements between the Executive and the Company concerning
long-term incentive plan awards and any agreement by and between the Executive and the Company, the Partnership or any affiliated entity
or member of the Partnership in his capacity as an interest holder.

12

15. Modification. 
Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

16. No
Waiver. No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same
or at any prior or subsequent time.

17. Severability. 
Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
will constitute one and the same Agreement.

19. Withholding
of Taxes and Other Employee Deductions. The Company may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant to this Agreement
all federal, state, city and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and all other normal
employee deductions made with respect to the Companys employees generally.

20. Notice. 
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service or mailed by U.S. registered
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the parties at their addresses set forth below, or to such other addresses
as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith except that notices of change of address shall be effective
only upon receipt.

If to the Company:

Global GP LLC

P.O. Box 9161

800 South St., Suite 500

Waltham, Massachusetts 02454-9161

Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board

13

with a copy to:

Brenda K. Lenahan

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

666 Fifth Avenue

25th Floor

New York, New York 10103

If to the Executive:

At the Executives last known home address listed in
the Companys personnel records from time to time

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding any provision in the this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent required by (a) applicable law, including, without
limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission
rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards and/or (b) any policy that may be adopted or amended by the Board
from time to time to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to
forfeiture, repurchase, recoupment and/or cancellation to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s) and/or policy.

22. Headings. 
The section headings have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the dates written below and this Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date.

GLOBAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Eric Slifka

Name: Eric Slifka

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 12, 2025

By: /s/ Mark Romaine

MARK ROMAINE

Date: March 12, 2025

[Signature Page to Mark Romaine Employment
Agreement]

15

ANNEX I

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Provisions

Non-competition;
Non-solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, and in the event that the Executives employment is terminated for any reason other than the Executives death or
a termination of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause, then for a period of one (1) year following the Date
of Termination (the Restrictive Period), the Executive shall be prohibited from working (as an employee, consultant,
advisor, director or otherwise), engaging in, or acquiring or investing in, any business having assets engaged in the following businesses
in New England and the other geographic areas in which the Company or any of its affiliates is conducting business as of the Date of Termination
(the Restricted Businesses): (i) wholesale or retail marketing, sale, distribution and transportation of refined
petroleum products, crude oil, renewable fuels (including ethanol and biofuels), and natural gas liquids (including ethane, butane, propane
and condensates); (ii) the storage of refined petroleum products and/or any of the other products identified in clause (i) of
this paragraph in connection with any of the activities described in said clause (i); (iii) the retail sale of convenience store
items and sundries and related food service, whether or not related to the retail sale of refined petroleum products including, without
limitation, gasoline; (iv) bunkering; and (v) any other business in which the Company or its affiliates (a) becomes engaged
during the period that the Executive is employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, or (b) is preparing to become engaged as
of the time that the Executives employment with the Company or any of its affiliates ends and, with respect to parts (a) and
(b) of this clause (v), the Executive has participated in or obtained Confidential Information about such business or anticipated
business.

(b) As
further consideration for the covenants made by the Executive in part (a) of this Annex I, the Company agrees that, during
the Restrictive Period (so long as the Executives employment does not terminate due to the Executives death or a termination
of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause), the Company will provide the Executive with a total payment equal to
fifty percent (50%) of the Executives highest annualized Base Salary paid by the Company within the two years preceding the Date
of Termination (the Garden Leave Payment), which Garden Leave Payment will be divided into twelve (12) substantially
equal installments, with the first installment being paid on the Companys first monthly pay date that follows the Date of Termination
and the remaining eleven (11) installments being paid on the Companys monthly pay dates that follow thereafter; provided, however,
the Company shall have no obligation to provide Garden Leave Payments in the event that the Executive breaches any of the terms of part
(a) of this Annex I.

(c) During
the Restrictive Period, the Executive also shall not directly or indirectly solicit any employees, contractors, vendors, suppliers or
customers of the Company or any of its affiliates to cease to be employed by or otherwise do business with the Company or any of its affiliates,
or to reduce the same, or to be employed or otherwise do business with any Restricted Business. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Annex I to the contrary, the Executive may own up to 3% of a publicly traded entity that is engaged in one or more of the Restricted
Businesses. If any court determines that any of the provisions of this Annex I are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of such
provisions shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid provisions. If any court construes
any of the provisions of this Annex I, or any part thereof, to be unreasonable because of the duration of such provision or the
geographic scope thereof, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or restrict the geographic scope of such provision and
to enforce such provision as so reduced or restricted. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Annex I, nothing
in this Annex I shall limit the Executives ability to perform services in any capacity or invest in any of the following:
(I) money management firm; (II) investment partnership; (III) investment or private equity firm; or (IV) private equity
or other investment fund; except that if any such firm, partnership or fund referenced in subsections (I) through (IV) contemplates
or makes direct investments in the Partnership Group or in any Restricted Business, the Executive must recuse himself and may not personally,
in any respect, be actively involved, actively participate, or directly invest, and must fully comply with the provisions of this Annex
I.

The Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that he had sufficient time (and at least ten business days) to consider the terms of this Annex I before entering into
this Agreement.

Any restrictions on the Executive
otherwise prohibited under this Annex I may be waived only by express written permission of the Conflicts Committee of the Board.

ANNEX I

- 1 -

EXHIBIT A

Short-Term Incentive Plan

Performance
Period: January 1, 20__ through December 31, 20__ [Note: Updated STIP for each calendar year of the Term (2025,
2026 and 2027) to be established by the Compensation Committee by March 31 of such year and appended to this Agreement The below
text subject to revision by the Compensation Committee each year to reflect STIP design changes, if any.].

Target
STIP Amount: $____________

The Executive will be eligible to earn an amount
ranging from 0% to 200% of the Executives Target STIP Amount set forth above. Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount shall
be subject to the level of achievement by Global Partners LP (the Partnership) with respect to two performance
metrics based on (a) the Partnerships earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)
weighted at 35%, and (b) Distributable Cash Flow (as defined in the Partnerships Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership, as amended, before distributions on common and preferred units) (DCF) weighted at 15% for the Performance Period
set forth above. In respect of the EBITDA performance metric, the Executive will earn an amount, if any, as determined in accordance with
the table below (the Earned Amount). The Compensation Committee (the Committee)
of the Board of Directors will review, analyze and certify EBITDA for the Performance Period. In addition, the Committee will have the
discretion to adjust EBITDA to account for unusual, one-time factors that occurred during the Performance Period.

Distributable Cash Flow (DCF)
means,

Aggregate EBITDA (% of Target) Aggregate EBITDA ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Aggregate DCF (% of Target) Aggregate DCF ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount
shall be subject to a discretionary performance metric for the Performance Period. In respect of the discretionary performance metric,
the Earned Amount, if any, will be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. As part of its evaluation, the Committee may consider
factors including but not limited to: (i) financial performance, (ii) acquisitions, (iii) non-strategic site divestitures,
(iv) Alltown Fresh and C-store performance, (v) human resources, (vi) environmental health & safety accomplishments
(and (vii) other factors identified by management to the Committee.

The Committee shall have final authority to make
factual determinations, interpret any ambiguities and resolve any and all issues with respect to the STIP and the determination of the
Executives Earned Amount.

Except as otherwise provided in the employment agreement to which this
Exhibit A is attached or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Earned Amount shall only be payable if the Executive
remains continuously employed through the date on which the Earned Amount is Paid.

Exhibit
A

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made this 12th day of March, 2025 and shall be effective
as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Global GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Company), and Sean T. Geary (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive effective as of June 8, 2022 (the Prior
Agreement), the Company employed the Executive as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company and the Executive also
served as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Global Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership)
of which the Company is the general partner; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have negotiated mutually agreeable terms for the Executives continued employment by the Company for
a new term of three years commencing as of the Effective Date.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the sufficiency of
which the Company and the Executive each acknowledges, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment
and Term of Employment.

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the employment term hereunder will commence as of the Effective Date and continue through December 31,
2027. So long as the Executive is then employed by the Company, the Company and the Executive agree to begin discussions concerning the
renewal of this Agreement in the second calendar quarter of 2027, with the objective of reaching a final agreement regarding such renewal
by the end of December 2027. Absent the receipt by either party from the other party of a notice not to renew this Agreement as provided
in Section 1(b) below (and so long as the Executive has remained employed by the Company hereunder), the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended from December 31, 2027 through April 15, 2028 to allow for the parties to reach a final agreement
regarding the renewal described in the preceding sentence.

(b) Either
the Company or the Executive may provide the other with prior written notice of its or his desire not to renew this Agreement, delivered
in accordance with Section 20 (Notice) at least ninety (90) days in advance of January 1, 2028, in which
case this Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2027 and the Executive shall receive the compensation set
forth in Section 7(e) below.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1, either the Company or the Executive may terminate the Executives employment with
the Company at any time, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7 hereof.

(d) The
term that the Executive is employed hereunder (as it may be extended and/or renewed) is referred to herein as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties. During the Term, the Company shall employ the Executive as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company, or in
such other positions as the parties mutually agree. The Executive shall have such powers and duties and responsibilities as are
customary to such positions and as are assigned to the Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)
or the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in connection with the Executives service as Chief Legal Officer and
Secretary of the Company and of the Partnership. The Executives employment also shall be subject to the policies maintained and
established by the Company that are of general applicability to the Companys employees, as such policies may be amended from time
to time.

3. Other
Interests; Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, the Executive shall devote his full time, attention, energies and business efforts during normal business hours to his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company and of the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Partnership
and its subsidiaries are sometimes hereinafter referred to collectively as the Partnership Group. During the Term,
except as otherwise restricted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, the parties recognize and agree that the Executive may engage in other business activities that do not conflict with the business
and affairs of the Company or of the Partnership or interfere with the Executives performance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder. Additionally, the covenants set forth in Annex I shall apply to the Executive from the Date of Termination according
to the terms set forth in Annex I.

(b) The
Executive, in entering into this Agreement, hereby agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I
are consonant with public policy, and fair and reasonable provisions for the protection of the Companys and its affiliates
legitimate business interests including, without limitation, the protection of confidential information, trade secrets, goodwill and the
business contacts which the Executive has established and developed, and will establish and develop, in the course of performing his duties
for the Company and its affiliates. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex
I are supported by fair and reasonable consideration independent from continuation of employment, and notice of the non-competition
agreement set forth herein was provided to the Executive at least ten (10) business days before the applicable non-competition restrictions
were to be effective. The Executive has the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement and entering into the non-competition
restrictions set forth herein, and the Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that he has had sufficient opportunity to do so prior
to his entry into this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the non-competition restrictions set forth
in Annex I are no broader than necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company,
including the protection of its and the Partnership Groups trade secrets, confidential information, and goodwill, and (ii) the
geographic reach of the restrictions on the Executives business activity set forth in Annex I are consistent with the geographic
area in which the Executive will have provided services on behalf of the Company or its affiliates. The Executive also agrees that the
Companys legitimate business interests could not be adequately protected through an alternative restrictive covenant other than
the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex I. The Executive and the Company further agree that the non-competition restrictions
set forth in Annex I are supported by mutually agreed upon consideration set forth herein, which consideration includes the Garden
Leave Payment (as defined in Annex I). For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive is a sophisticated businessperson who has entered
into the non-competition restrictions set forth herein knowingly and voluntarily, and the Executive represents that such restrictions
are compliant in all respects with the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 24L.

2

4. Duty
of Loyalty; Indemnification.

(a) The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the Executive owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty to act in the best interests of the Company and of the Partnership Group.
In keeping with such duty, the Executive shall, during the Term, make full disclosure to the Company of all business opportunities pertaining
to the business of the Company or of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and, during the Term, shall not appropriate for the Executives
own benefit business opportunities concerning the business of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise
permitted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I or as consented to in writing by the Board.

(b) The Company shall indemnify
the Executive to the extent permitted by the Companys limited liability company agreement, as amended and/or restated from time
to time, and by applicable law, against all costs, charges and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys fees, incurred
or sustained by the Executive in connection with any claim against the Executive and in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Executive may be made a party by reason of being an officer, director or employee of the Company or of the Partnership or
any of its subsidiaries. In connection with the foregoing, the Executive will be covered under any liability insurance policy that protects
the other officers and directors of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such policies.

5. Place
of Performance. Subject to such business travel from time to time as may be reasonably required in the discharge of his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company and while serving as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
of the Partnership, the Executive shall perform his obligations hereunder in, or within forty (40) miles of, Waltham, Massachusetts.

6. Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Executive shall be paid an annualized base salary of $500,000.00, subject to increase at any time
during the Term and at the commencement of the renewal term (if any), if so determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the
Compensation Committee), it being acknowledged by the Executive that the Compensation Committee shall have the authority,
but not the obligation, to increase the Executives base salary, however the Compensation Committee shall not decrease the Executives
base salary without the Executives consent. The Executives base salary, as may be increased in accordance with this Section 6(a),
is hereafter referred to as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments pursuant to the Companys
customary payroll policies and procedures in force at the time of payment, but in no event less frequently than monthly.

3

(b) Bonus. 
From time to time during the Term, the Executive may receive a cash bonus (a Bonus) in an amount to be determined
at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Each Bonus hereunder, if any, shall be paid to the Executive no later than March 15
of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which such Bonus is earned.

(c) Incentive
Compensation.

(i) For
each calendar year during the Term, the Executive shall participate in the annual short-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the
Compensation Committee for such calendar year (the STIP), which STIP shall be adopted by no later than March 31
of such calendar year.

(ii) During
the Term, the Executive shall participate in the Companys long-term incentive plans, if any, made available to the Companys
officers or other employees, subject to the terms of such plans (if any) and such additional criteria as the Compensation Committee may
determine from time to time, which plans may include but are not limited to: (A) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan
(as amended from time to time, including any successor plans) and (B) the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (as amended from time to
time, including any successor plans).

(d) Reimbursements.
During the Term, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive on business trips,
and for all other business and entertainment expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him during the Term in the performance of his services
under this Agreement, in accordance with past practice and with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time
to time, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting documentation as the Company may reasonably require.

(e) Fringe
Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys health insurance, 401(k) and
other benefit plans in accordance with Company policies and on the same general basis as other executives of the Company. During
the Term, the Company also will provide the Executive with additional fringe benefits consistent with benefits that have been provided
to him under prior arrangements and in accordance with past practice, and with such other benefits as may be approved by the Compensation
Committee.

(f) Vacation. 
During the Term (including the renewal period, if any), the Executive shall be granted 30 days of paid vacation for each calendar year
with any unused vacation days to be subject to the Companys standard vacation policy with respect to the carryover or payment for
any such unused vacation days.

7. Separation
from Service.

(a) In
General. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, he (or his estate) shall be paid on the Date of Termination
the following: (i) all amounts of Base Salary due and owing up through the Date of Termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus
as of the Date of Termination, (iii) all reimbursements of expenses appropriately and timely submitted, and (iv) any and all
other amounts, including vacation pay, that may be due to him as of the Date of Termination (the Accrued Obligations).
Additionally, the Executive shall be entitled to retain the following items currently supplied to him by the Company: (i) iPad; and
(ii) smartphone, including all information contained on the smartphone and the then current telephone number for such smartphone,
it being acknowledged and agreed by the Executive that all information contained on the smartphone shall remain subject to the provisions
of Section 9 below; provided, however, that, the Executive is required to tender such items to the Companys IT department
on or prior to the Date of Termination for removal of confidential and proprietary information of the Company and its affiliates. Promptly
following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall return to the Company all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
in his possession.

4

(b) Termination
Due to the Death or Disability of the Executive. The Executives employment hereunder shall be terminated automatically
upon the death or Disability of the Executive. The Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(b) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary (determined as of the Date of Termination) multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination.

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive for Reasons Constituting Constructive Termination. The Executives employment
hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination. Provided
that the Executive executes within the time provided to do so (and does not revoke within any time provided to do so) a release of claims
in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, the Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(c) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

5

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary determined as of the Date of Termination multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination, plus

(v) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits
provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit pursuant to this Section 7(c) constitute
parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (as defined below), are
not eligible for exemption pursuant to Q/A-6(a)(2) of Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax
(collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Company shall either (a) reduce (but not below zero) the total Parachute
Payments so that the present value of the Parachute Payments shall be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times the Executives base
amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the Parachute Payments received by the
Executive shall be subject to the Excise Tax or (b) pay the Parachute Payments in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax
position to the Executive (taking into account the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of the Parachute Payments
hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, Parachute Payments to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such
Parachute Payment would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to
the extent necessary, through to such Parachute Payment that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any Parachute Payment to
be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. Any determination required under this Section 7(c)(v), including whether any payments
or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Company in good faith. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information
and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 7(c)(v). The Company's determinations
shall be final and binding on the Company and the Executive; provided, however, that in the event of a dispute with the Internal Revenue
Service, the parties will revise the determinations as necessary to comply with regulatory requirements in accordance with the Internal
Revenue Services interpretations.

6

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(d) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder for Cause following: (i) reasonable
notice to the Executive setting forth in detail the nature of such Cause and the date and time established for a hearing before the Board,
which notice shall be deemed reasonable if provided not less than fifteen (15) business days from the date of such notice, (ii) an
opportunity to be heard before the Board at the conclusion of such notice period, at which the Executive shall be entitled to representation
by counsel, and (iii) a determination by a majority vote of the Board that the Company has Cause to terminate the Executives
employment.

(e) Nonrenewal
of the Agreement. If the Company provides notice to the Executive that the Company elects not to renew the Agreement at the end of
the applicable Term, and the Executives employment hereunder is terminated at the end of the applicable Term, the Company shall
pay the Executive upon the expiration of the Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter, any
Accrued Obligations plus a lump sum payment equal to 200% of the Executives then Base Salary. Additionally, within ten days following
the Compensation Committees determination of the payout earned by the STIP participants for the year in which the Executives
employment was terminated, the Executive also shall receive payment of the performance-based and discretionary components, if any, of
his STIP award for such year.

(f) Definitions.

(i) For
the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the Executive (A) has engaged in gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of his duties, (B) has committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or willful breach of a fiduciary duty
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries (including the unauthorized disclosure of any material secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries); (C) has been convicted
of a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude or any felony or (D) has breached any material provision of this Agreement or any of
the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I hereto other than as a result of the Executives inability to perform
his obligations hereunder solely due to his poor physical or mental health. The Executive must be provided a written notice from the Company,
giving him at least 30 days to affect a cure of any claimed occurrence under (A), (B) or (D) above that is capable of being
cured, prior to the delivery of any notice described under Section 7(d)(i) hereof.

(ii) Change
in Control shall occur upon: (A) the date that any one person, entity or group (other than the successors to the interests
of Alfred Slifka, and other than Richard Slifka or Eric Slifka or their respective family members or entities they control, individually
or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly (collectively referred to hereinafter as the Slifkas)) acquires beneficial
ownership of the membership interests of the Company that, together with the membership interests of the Company already owned beneficially
by such person, entity or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the membership interests of the Company; provided,
however, if any one person, entity or group is considered to control, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total voting power
of the membership interests of the Company, the acquisition of additional membership interests by the same person, entity or group shall
not be deemed to be a Change in Control; (B) a consolidation or merger (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of
the Company pursuant to which the holders of the Companys equity securities immediately prior to such transaction or series of
related transactions would not be the beneficial owners immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions of at least
50% of the voting power of the entity surviving such transaction or series of related transactions; or (C) the sale, lease, exchange
or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to
a person other than the Slifkas or any of them. In all respects, the definition of Change in Control shall be interpreted
to comply with Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and any successor
statute, and/or guidance thereunder, and the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A and any successor regulation and guidance
thereto; provided, however, an interpretation in compliance with Section 409A of the Code shall not expand the definition of Change
in Control in any way or cause an acquisition by the Slifkas to result in a Change in Control.

7

(iii) Constructive
Termination means termination of this Agreement by the Executive as a result of any (A) substantial diminution, without
the Executives written consent, in the Executives working conditions consisting of (1) a material reduction in the
Executives duties and responsibilities, (2) any change in the reporting structure so that the Executive no longer reports
solely to the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or (3) a relocation of the Executives place of work further
than forty (40) miles from Waltham, Massachusetts, or (B) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. To be able to terminate
his employment with the Company for Constructive Termination, the Executive must provide notice to the Company of the existence of any
of the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence within 90 days of becoming aware of the initial existence of such condition(s),
and the Company must fail to remedy such condition(s) within 30 days of such notice. In no event shall the Date of Termination in
connection with a Constructive Termination occur any later than 120 days following the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination hereunder or, if applicable, a later date selected by the Board or the Compensation Committee and communicated
to the Executive that is no later than December 31 of the year in which the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination was delivered to the Company.

(iv) Disability
shall mean a physical or mental condition which (A) renders the Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, unable to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (B) by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than 12 months, results in the Executive receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company.

(g) Notice
of Termination. Any termination or non-renewal (except due to the death of the Executive) by the Company or the Executive shall
be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of
Termination shall mean a notice which (i) shall state the effective date of such termination, (ii) shall indicate
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and (iii) shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the provision so indicated. Any such notice shall
be provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 20 hereof. Any notice of voluntary termination by the Executive or of
termination without Cause by the Company shall be given 60 days in advance of such termination. Any notice of Constructive Termination
by the Executive shall be given by the Executive within 90 days of his becoming aware of the existence of the condition upon which the
Constructive Termination is based.

(h) Deemed
Resignation. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, then such termination shall constitute an automatic
resignation of the Executive as an officer of the Company and each affiliate of the Company, and, if applicable, an automatic resignation
of the Executive from the Board and from the board of directors of any affiliate of the Company and from the board of directors or similar
governing body of any corporation, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company or any of its affiliates holds an equity
interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body the Executive serves as the Companys or such affiliates
designee or other representative.

(i) Date
of Termination. The Date of Termination shall mean (i) the date of death, if the Executives
employment is terminated because of death, (ii) the date the Executive is determined to have a Disability, if the Executives
termination is based on his Disability, and (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated for any other reason (including,
without limitation, non-renewal), the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which date shall be in accordance with the timing rules set
out in (d) or (g) of this Section 7, as applicable. With respect to any compensation payable under this Agreement that
is subject to Section 409A of the Code, references to the Executives Date of Termination or termination of employment (and
variations thereof) shall be deemed to refer only to the Executives separation from service within the meaning of
Section 1.409A-1(h) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, applying the default terms thereof.

8

(j) Delayed
Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision with respect to the timing of payments under this Section 7, if, at the time of
the Executives termination, the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee (within the meaning
of Section 409A of the Code, and any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) of the Company, then only to the extent
necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, any payments to which the Executive may become entitled
under Section 7 as a result of his separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and
any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) which are subject to Section 409A of the Code (and not otherwise exempt from
its application) will be withheld until the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives
employment, at which time the Executive shall be paid an aggregate amount equal to six months of payments otherwise due to the
Executive under the terms of this Section 7, as applicable, plus (to the extent not prohibited by Section 409A of the Code)
interest on such amounts at the then applicable prime rate of interest as established from time to time by Bank of America Corporation
or its successor. After the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives employment
and continuing each month thereafter, the Executive shall be paid the regular payments otherwise due to the Executive in
accordance with the terms of this Section 7, as applicable.

(k) Non-disparagement.
Each of the Company and the Executive agrees not to make any disparaging comments or remarks, orally or in writing, about the other party
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8. Section 409A. 
The parties hereto intend that this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance
thereunder. If any provision provided herein may result in the imposition of an additional tax or penalty under the provisions of
Section 409A of the Code, the Executive and the Company agree to amend any such provision to avoid imposition of any such additional
tax, to the extent possible, in the manner that the Executive and the Company mutually agree is appropriate to comply with Section 409A
of the Code; provided that, to the extent possible, any such amendment shall minimize any decrease in the payments or benefits to the
Executive contemplated herein.

9. Confidential
Information; Unauthorized Disclosure.

(a) During
the Term and for the period ending two years following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall not, without the written consent of
the Board or a person authorized thereby, disclose to any person, other than an employee of the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries
or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the Executive of his duties
as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company including serving as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Partnership, any
secret, confidential and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data obtained by him while in the employ of the Company or any of its
affiliates with respect to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the disclosure of
which he knows or should know will be damaging to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries; provided however, that such
information, knowledge or data shall not include (i) any information, knowledge or data known generally to the public (other than
as a result of unauthorized disclosure by the Executive) or (ii) any information, knowledge or data which the Executive may be required
to disclose by any applicable law, order, or judicial or administrative proceeding.

9

(b) The
Executive acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 9 by the Executive, and
the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this Section 9 by seeking specific
performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach, which may include the right to cease making the
severance payments or providing severance benefits described in Section 7 to the Executive or the right to recoup severance payments
that were previously paid to the Executive. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Section 9
but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from the Executive and his agents.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein (or in any other agreement between the Executive and the Company) shall prevent the Executive from lawfully,
and without obtaining prior authorization from the Company: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental
Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to an
employee individually from any Governmental Authority; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding
by any Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, including providing documents or other confidential information
to Governmental Authorities; or (iv) receiving an award for information provided to the SEC or any other Governmental Authority.
This Agreement shall not be construed or applied to require the Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company before engaging
in any of the foregoing conduct referenced in this Section 9(c), or to notify the Company of having engaged in any such conduct.
Further, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is: (A) made (x) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (y) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal; or (C) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. In the event the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation
by the Company for the Executives reporting of a suspected violation of law, the Executive may (i) disclose a trade secret
to the Executives attorney and (ii) use the trade secret information in the court proceeding related to such lawsuit, in each
case, if the Executive (A) files any document containing such trade secret under seal; and (B) does not otherwise disclose such
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

10. Payment
Obligations Absolute. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the Companys obligation to pay the Executive
the amounts and to make the arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances,
including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or the Partnership (including
its affiliates) may have against him or anyone else. All amounts payable by the Company shall be paid without notice or demand. 
The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision
of this Agreement, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event effect any reduction of the Companys obligations
to make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement.

10

11. Successors. 
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and permitted assigns and any such successor
or permitted assignee shall be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein,
successor and assignee shall be limited to any person, firm, corporation or other business
entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires control of the Company or to which
the Company assigns this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise in connection with any sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, provided that any successor or permitted assignee promptly assumes in a writing delivered to the Executive this Agreement
and, in no event, shall any such succession or assignment release the Company from its obligations hereunder. The Company will require
any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets
of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the
Company as herein before defined and any successor to all or substantially all of its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes
and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

12. Assignment. 
The Executive shall not have any right to pledge, hypothecate, anticipate or assign this Agreement or the rights hereunder, except by
will or the laws of descent and distribution, or delegate his duties or obligations hereunder.

13. Governing
Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
brought in state or federal courts, as applicable, in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.

14. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement together with (i) the attached Annex I and Exhibit A (STIP) hereto, (ii) those
certain Global Partners LP Long-Term Incentive Plan Grants of Phantom Units to the Executive dated June 8, 2022, March 3, 2023,
May 3, 2023, August 23, 2023 and March 25, 2024, and (iii) those certain Global Partners LP 2018 Long-Term Cash Incentive
Plan Award Agreements granted to the Executive and dated March 11, 2021, March 31, 2022 and June 10, 2022 constitute the
entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contain all of the covenants, promises, representations,
warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and
the Executive acknowledge and agree that the restrictions on non-disclosure of information, non-competition and non-solicitation set
forth herein (including in Section 9 and Annex I herein) shall complement and be in addition to (and not supersede or replace)
any other restrictions upon the Executive with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition or non-solicitation as set forth in any previous
agreement between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates. Subject to the preceding sentence, as of the Effective Date,
all understandings and agreements preceding the Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and
of no further force and effect, including, without limitation all prior employment and severance agreements, if any, by and between the
Company and the Executive; provided that, nothing contained in the foregoing shall be deemed to supersede or make invalid any prior agreements
between the Executive and the Company concerning long-term incentive plan awards and any agreement by and between the Executive and the
Company, the Partnership or any affiliated entity or member of the Partnership in his capacity as an interest holder.

11

15. Modification. 
Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

16. No
Waiver. No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the
same or at any prior or subsequent time.

17. Severability. 
Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
will constitute one and the same Agreement.

19. Withholding
of Taxes and Other Employee Deductions. The Company may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant to this Agreement
all federal, state, city and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and all other normal
employee deductions made with respect to the Companys employees generally.

20. Notice. 
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service or mailed by U.S.
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the parties at their addresses set forth below, or to such other
addresses as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith except that notices of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

12

If to the Company:

Global GP LLC

P.O. Box 9161

800 South St., Suite 500

Waltham, Massachusetts 02454-9161

Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board

with a copy to:

Brenda K. Lenahan

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

666 Fifth Avenue

25th Floor

New York, New York 10103

If to the Executive:

At the Executives last known home address listed in
the Companys personnel records from time to time

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding any provision in the this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent required by (a) applicable law, including, without
limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission
rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards and/or (b) any policy that may be adopted or amended by the Board
from time to time to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to
forfeiture, repurchase, recoupment and/or cancellation to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s) and/or policy.

22. Headings. 
The section headings have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the dates written below and this Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date.

GLOBAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Eric Slifka

Name: Eric Slifka

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 12, 2025

By: /s/ Sean T. Geary

SEAN T. GEARY

Date: March 12, 2025

[Signature Page to Sean T. Geary Employment
Agreement]

14

ANNEX I

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Provisions

Non-competition;
Non-solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, and in the event that the Executives employment is terminated for any reason other than the Executives death or
a termination of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause, then for a period of one (1) year following the Date
of Termination (the Restrictive Period), the Executive shall be prohibited from working (as an employee, consultant,
advisor, director or otherwise), engaging in, or acquiring or investing in, any business having assets engaged in the following businesses
in New England and the other geographic areas in which the Company or any of its affiliates is conducting business as of the Date of Termination
(the Restricted Businesses): (i) wholesale or retail marketing, sale, distribution and transportation of refined
petroleum products, crude oil, renewable fuels (including ethanol and biofuels), and natural gas liquids (including ethane, butane, propane
and condensates); (ii) the storage of refined petroleum products and/or any of the other products identified in clause (i) of
this paragraph in connection with any of the activities described in said clause (i); (iii) the retail sale of convenience store
items and sundries and related food service, whether or not related to the retail sale of refined petroleum products including, without
limitation, gasoline; (iv) bunkering; and (v) any other business in which the Company or its affiliates (a) becomes engaged
during the period that the Executive is employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, or (b) is preparing to become engaged as
of the time that the Executives employment with the Company or any of its affiliates ends and, with respect to parts (a) and
(b) of this clause (v), the Executive has participated in or obtained Confidential Information about such business or anticipated
business.

(b) As
further consideration for the covenants made by the Executive in part (a) of this Annex I, the Company agrees that, during
the Restrictive Period (so long as the Executives employment does not terminate due to the Executives death or a termination
of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause), the Company will provide the Executive with a total payment equal to
fifty percent (50%) of the Executives highest annualized Base Salary paid by the Company within the two years preceding the Date
of Termination (the Garden Leave Payment), which Garden Leave Payment will be divided into twelve (12) substantially
equal installments, with the first installment being paid on the Companys first monthly pay date that follows the Date of Termination
and the remaining eleven (11) installments being paid on the Companys monthly pay dates that follow thereafter; provided, however,
the Company shall have no obligation to provide Garden Leave Payments in the event that the Executive breaches any of the terms of part
(a) of this Annex I.

(c) During
the Restrictive Period, the Executive also shall not directly or indirectly solicit any employees, contractors, vendors, suppliers or
customers of the Company or any of its affiliates to cease to be employed by or otherwise do business with the Company or any of its affiliates,
or to reduce the same, or to be employed or otherwise do business with any Restricted Business. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Annex I to the contrary, the Executive may own up to 3% of a publicly traded entity that is engaged in one or more of the Restricted
Businesses. If any court determines that any of the provisions of this Annex I are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of such
provisions shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid provisions. If any court construes
any of the provisions of this Annex I, or any part thereof, to be unreasonable because of the duration of such provision or the
geographic scope thereof, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or restrict the geographic scope of such provision and
to enforce such provision as so reduced or restricted. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Annex I, nothing
in this Annex I shall limit the Executives ability to perform services in any capacity or invest in any of the following:
(I) money management firm; (II) investment partnership; (III) investment or private equity firm; or (IV) private equity
or other investment fund; except that if any such firm, partnership or fund referenced in subsections (I) through (IV) contemplates
or makes direct investments in the Partnership Group or in any Restricted Business, the Executive must recuse himself and may not personally,
in any respect, be actively involved, actively participate, or directly invest, and must fully comply with the provisions of this Annex
I.

The Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that he had sufficient time (and at least ten business days) to consider the terms of this Annex I before entering into
this Agreement.

Any restrictions on the Executive
otherwise prohibited under this Annex I may be waived only by express written permission of the Conflicts Committee of the Board.

ANNEX I 

- 1 -

EXHIBIT A

Short-Term Incentive Plan

Performance
Period: January 1, 20__ through December 31, 20__ [Note: Updated STIP for each calendar year of the Term (2025,
2026 and 2027) to be established by the Compensation Committee by March 31 of such year and appended to this Agreement The below
text subject to revision by the Compensation Committee each year to reflect STIP design changes, if any.].

Target
STIP Amount: $____________

The Executive will be eligible to earn an amount
ranging from 0% to 200% of the Executives Target STIP Amount set forth above. Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount shall
be subject to the level of achievement by Global Partners LP (the Partnership) with respect to two performance
metrics based on (a) the Partnerships earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)
weighted at 35%, and (b) Distributable Cash Flow (as defined in the Partnerships Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership, as amended, before distributions on common and preferred units) (DCF) weighted at 15% for the Performance Period
set forth above. In respect of the EBITDA performance metric, the Executive will earn an amount, if any, as determined in accordance with
the table below (the Earned Amount). The Compensation Committee (the Committee)
of the Board of Directors will review, analyze and certify EBITDA for the Performance Period. In addition, the Committee will have the
discretion to adjust EBITDA to account for unusual, one-time factors that occurred during the Performance Period.

Distributable Cash Flow (DCF)
means,

Aggregate EBITDA (% of Target) Aggregate EBITDA ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Aggregate DCF (% of Target) Aggregate DCF ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount
shall be subject to a discretionary performance metric for the Performance Period. In respect of the discretionary performance metric,
the Earned Amount, if any, will be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. As part of its evaluation, the Committee may consider
factors including but not limited to: (i) financial performance, (ii) acquisitions, (iii) non-strategic site divestitures,
(iv) Alltown Fresh and C-store performance, (v) human resources, (vi) environmental health & safety accomplishments
(and (vii) other factors identified by management to the Committee.

The Committee shall have final authority to make
factual determinations, interpret any ambiguities and resolve any and all issues with respect to the STIP and the determination of the
Executives Earned Amount.

Except as otherwise provided in the employment agreement to which this
Exhibit A is attached or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Earned Amount shall only be payable if the Executive
remains continuously employed through the date on which the Earned Amount is Paid.

Exhibit
A

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made this 12th day of March, 2025 and shall be effective
as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Global GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Company), and Matthew Spencer (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive effective as of June 8, 2022 (the Prior
Agreement), the Company employed the Executive as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company and the Executive also served
as the Chief Accounting Officer of Global Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership) of which
the Company is the general partner; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have negotiated mutually agreeable terms for the Executives continued employment by the Company for
a new term of three years commencing as of the Effective Date.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the sufficiency of
which the Company and the Executive each acknowledges, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment
and Term of Employment.

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the employment term hereunder will commence as of the Effective Date and continue through December 31,
2027. So long as the Executive is then employed by the Company, the Company and the Executive agree to begin discussions concerning the
renewal of this Agreement in the second calendar quarter of 2027, with the objective of reaching a final agreement regarding such renewal
by the end of December 2027. Absent the receipt by either party from the other party of a notice not to renew this Agreement as provided
in Section 1(b) below (and so long as the Executive has remained employed by the Company hereunder), the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended from December 31, 2027 through April 15, 2028 to allow for the parties to reach a final agreement
regarding the renewal described in the preceding sentence.

(b) Either
the Company or the Executive may provide the other with prior written notice of its or his desire not to renew this Agreement, delivered
in accordance with Section 20 (Notice) at least ninety (90) days in advance of January 1, 2028, in which
case this Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, 2027 and the Executive shall receive the compensation set
forth in Section 7(e) below.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1, either the Company or the Executive may terminate the Executives employment with
the Company at any time, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7 hereof.

(d) The
term that the Executive is employed hereunder (as it may be extended and/or renewed) is referred to herein as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties. During the Term, the Company shall employ the Executive as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, or in such other
positions as the parties mutually agree. The Executive shall have such powers and duties and responsibilities as are customary to such
position and as are assigned to the Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company in connection with the Executives service as Chief Accounting Officer of the Company and of the Partnership.
The Executives employment shall also be subject to the policies maintained and established by the Company that are of general applicability
to the Companys employees, as such policies may be amended from time to time.

3. Other
Interests; Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, the Executive shall devote his full time, attention, energies and business efforts during normal business hours to his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company and of the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Partnership
and its subsidiaries are sometimes hereinafter referred to collectively as the Partnership Group. During the Term,
except as otherwise restricted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, the parties recognize and agree that the Executive may engage in other business activities that do not conflict with the business
and affairs of the Company or of the Partnership or interfere with the Executives performance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder. Additionally, the covenants set forth in Annex I shall apply to the Executive from the Date of Termination according
to the terms set forth in Annex I.

(b) The
Executive, in entering into this Agreement, hereby agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I
are consonant with public policy, and fair and reasonable provisions for the protection of the Companys and its affiliates
legitimate business interests including, without limitation, the protection of confidential information, trade secrets, goodwill and the
business contacts which the Executive has established and developed, and will establish and develop, in the course of performing his duties
for the Company and its affiliates. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex
I are supported by fair and reasonable consideration independent from continuation of employment, and notice of the non-competition
agreement set forth herein was provided to the Executive at least ten (10) business days before the applicable non-competition restrictions
were to be effective. The Executive has the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement and entering into the non-competition
restrictions set forth herein, and the Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that he has had sufficient opportunity to do so prior
to his entry into this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the non-competition restrictions set forth
in Annex I are no broader than necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company,
including the protection of its and the Partnership Groups trade secrets, confidential information, and goodwill, and (ii) the
geographic reach of the restrictions on the Executives business activity set forth in Annex I are consistent with the geographic
area in which the Executive will have provided services on behalf of the Company or its affiliates. The Executive also agrees that the
Companys legitimate business interests could not be adequately protected through an alternative restrictive covenant other than
the non-competition restrictions set forth in Annex I. The Executive and the Company further agree that the non-competition restrictions
set forth in Annex I are supported by mutually agreed upon consideration set forth herein, which consideration includes the Garden
Leave Payment (as defined in Annex I). For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive is a sophisticated businessperson who has entered
into the non-competition restrictions set forth herein knowingly and voluntarily, and the Executive represents that such restrictions
are compliant in all respects with the Massachusetts Noncompetition Agreement Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 24L.

2

4. Duty
of Loyalty; Indemnification.

(a) The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the Executive owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty to act in the best interests of the Company and of the Partnership Group.
In keeping with such duty, the Executive shall, during the Term, make full disclosure to the Company of all business opportunities pertaining
to the business of the Company or of the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and, during the Term, shall not appropriate for the Executives
own benefit business opportunities concerning the business of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise
permitted by the non-competition covenants set forth in Annex I or as consented to in writing by the Board.

(b) The Company shall indemnify
the Executive to the extent permitted by the Companys limited liability company agreement, as amended and/or restated from time
to time, and by applicable law, against all costs, charges and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys fees, incurred
or sustained by the Executive in connection with any claim against the Executive and in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Executive may be made a party by reason of being an officer, director or employee of the Company or of the Partnership or
any of its subsidiaries. In connection with the foregoing, the Executive will be covered under any liability insurance policy that protects
the other officers and directors of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such policies.

5. Place
of Performance. Subject to such business travel from time to time as may be reasonably required in the discharge of his duties
and responsibilities as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company and while serving as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Partnership,
the Executive shall perform his obligations hereunder in, or within forty (40) miles of, Waltham, Massachusetts.

6. Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Executive shall be paid an annualized base salary of $350,000.00, subject to increase at any time during
the Term and at the commencement of the renewal term (if any), if so determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation
Committee), it being acknowledged by the Executive that the Compensation Committee shall have the authority, but not the obligation,
to increase the Executives base salary, however the Compensation Committee shall not decrease the Executives base salary
without the Executives consent. The Executives base salary, as may be increased in accordance with this Section 6(a),
is hereafter referred to as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments pursuant to the Companys
customary payroll policies and procedures in force at the time of payment, but in no event less frequently than monthly.

3

(b) Bonus.
From time to time during the Term, the Executive may receive a cash bonus (a Bonus) in an amount to be determined
at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Each Bonus hereunder, if any, shall be paid to the Executive no later than March 15
of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which such Bonus is earned.

(c) Incentive
Compensation.

(i) For
each calendar year during the Term, the Executive shall participate in the annual short-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the
Compensation Committee for such calendar year (the STIP), which STIP shall be adopted by no later than March 31
of such calendar year.

(ii) During
the Term, the Executive shall participate in the Companys long-term incentive plans, if any, made available to the Companys
officers or other employees, subject to the terms of such plans (if any) and such additional criteria as the Compensation Committee may
determine from time to time, which plans may include but are not limited to: (A) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan
(as amended from time to time, including any successor plans) and (B) the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan (as amended from time to
time, including any successor plans).

(d) Reimbursements.
During the Term, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive on business trips,
and for all other business and entertainment expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him during the Term in the performance of his services
under this Agreement, in accordance with past practice and with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time
to time, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting documentation as the Company may reasonably require.

(e) Fringe
Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys health insurance, 401(k) and
other benefit plans in accordance with Company policies and on the same general basis as other executives of the Company. During
the Term, the Company also will provide the Executive with additional fringe benefits consistent with benefits that have been provided
to him under prior arrangements and in accordance with past practice, and with such other benefits as may be approved by the Compensation
Committee.

(f) Vacation. 
During the Term (including the renewal period, if any), the Executive shall be granted 30 days of paid vacation for each calendar year
with any unused vacation days to be subject to the Companys standard vacation policy with respect to the carryover or payment for
any such unused vacation days.

7. Separation
from Service.

(a) In
General. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, he (or his estate) shall be paid on the Date of Termination
the following: (i) all amounts of Base Salary due and owing up through the Date of Termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus
as of the Date of Termination, (iii) all reimbursements of expenses appropriately and timely submitted, and (iv) any and all
other amounts, including vacation pay, that may be due to him as of the Date of Termination (the Accrued Obligations).
Additionally, the Executive shall be entitled to retain the following items currently supplied to him by the Company: (i) iPad; and
(ii) smartphone, including all information contained on the smartphone and the then current telephone number for such smartphone,
it being acknowledged and agreed by the Executive that all information contained on the smartphone shall remain subject to the provisions
of Section 9 below; provided, however, that, the Executive is required to tender such items to the Companys IT department
on or prior to the Date of Termination for removal of confidential and proprietary information of the Company and its affiliates. Promptly
following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall return to the Company all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
in his possession.

4

(b) Termination
Due to the Death or Disability of the Executive. The Executives employment hereunder shall be terminated automatically
upon the death or Disability of the Executive. The Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(b) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary (determined as of the Date of Termination) multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination.

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive for Reasons Constituting Constructive Termination. The Executives employment
hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for reasons constituting Constructive Termination. Provided
that the Executive executes within the time provided to do so (and does not revoke within any time provided to do so) a release of claims
in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, the Company shall pay or distribute to the Executive (or his estate) upon his termination
under this Section 7(c) on the Date of Termination or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter:

(i) the
Accrued Obligations, plus

5

(ii) a
lump sum payment of an amount equal to his Base Salary determined as of the Date of Termination multiplied by 200%, plus

(iii) an
amount equal to the target incentive amount under the then applicable STIP for the fiscal year including the Date of Termination, multiplied
by 200%, plus

(iv) the
Company shall pay the monthly amounts due for all group health, dental, life, disability, vision and similar insurance premiums on behalf
of the Executive and his spouse and dependents, if any, for 18 months following the Date of Termination, plus

(v) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits
provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit pursuant to this Section 7(c) constitute
parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (as defined below), are
not eligible for exemption pursuant to Q/A-6(a)(2) of Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax
(collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Company shall either (a) reduce (but not below zero) the total Parachute
Payments so that the present value of the Parachute Payments shall be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times the Executives base
amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the Parachute Payments received by the
Executive shall be subject to the Excise Tax or (b) pay the Parachute Payments in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax
position to the Executive (taking into account the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of the Parachute Payments
hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, Parachute Payments to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such
Parachute Payment would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to
the extent necessary, through to such Parachute Payment that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any Parachute Payment to
be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. Any determination required under this Section 7(c)(v), including whether any payments
or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Company in good faith. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information
and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 7(c)(v). The Company's determinations
shall be final and binding on the Company and the Executive; provided, however, that in the event of a dispute with the Internal Revenue
Service, the parties will revise the determinations as necessary to comply with regulatory requirements in accordance with the Internal
Revenue Services interpretations.

6

In addition to the foregoing payments and benefits,
the Executive also shall be entitled to receive the amounts due, if any, in respect of the Executives interests in the Companys
long-term incentive plans, including, but not limited to, (x) the Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Incentive Plan, and (y) the
Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan.

(d) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment hereunder for Cause following: (i) reasonable
notice to the Executive setting forth in detail the nature of such Cause and the date and time established for a hearing before the Board,
which notice shall be deemed reasonable if provided not less than fifteen (15) business days from the date of such notice, (ii) an
opportunity to be heard before the Board at the conclusion of such notice period, at which the Executive shall be entitled to representation
by counsel, and (iii) a determination by a majority vote of the Board that the Company has Cause to terminate the Executives
employment.

(e) Nonrenewal
of the Agreement. If the Company provides notice to the Executive that the Company elects not to renew the Agreement at the end of
the applicable Term, and the Executives employment hereunder is terminated at the end of the applicable Term, the Company shall
pay the Executive upon the expiration of the Agreement, or as soon as reasonably practical (but no more than ten days) thereafter, any
Accrued Obligations plus a lump sum payment equal to 200% of the Executives then Base Salary. Additionally, within ten days following
the Compensation Committees determination of the payout earned by the STIP participants for the year in which the Executives
employment was terminated, the Executive also shall receive payment of the performance-based and discretionary components, if any, of
his STIP award for such year.

(f) Definitions.

(i) For
the purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the Executive (A) has engaged in gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the performance of his duties, (B) has committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or willful breach of a fiduciary duty
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries (including the unauthorized disclosure of any material secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data of the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries); (C) has been convicted
of a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude or any felony or (D) has breached any material provision of this Agreement or any of
the restrictions and covenants set forth in Annex I hereto other than as a result of the Executives inability to perform
his obligations hereunder solely due to his poor physical or mental health. The Executive must be provided a written notice from the Company,
giving him at least 30 days to affect a cure of any claimed occurrence under (A), (B) or (D) above that is capable of being
cured, prior to the delivery of any notice described under Section 7(d)(i) hereof.

(ii) Change
in Control shall occur upon: (A) the date that any one person, entity or group (other than the successors to the interests
of Alfred Slifka, and other than Richard Slifka or Eric Slifka or their respective family members or entities they control, individually
or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly (collectively referred to hereinafter as the Slifkas)) acquires beneficial
ownership of the membership interests of the Company that, together with the membership interests of the Company already owned beneficially
by such person, entity or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the membership interests of the Company; provided,
however, if any one person, entity or group is considered to control, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total voting power
of the membership interests of the Company, the acquisition of additional membership interests by the same person, entity or group shall
not be deemed to be a Change in Control; (B) a consolidation or merger (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of
the Company pursuant to which the holders of the Companys equity securities immediately prior to such transaction or series of
related transactions would not be the beneficial owners immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions of at least
50% of the voting power of the entity surviving such transaction or series of related transactions; or (C) the sale, lease, exchange
or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to
a person other than the Slifkas or any of them. In all respects, the definition of Change in Control shall be interpreted
to comply with Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and any successor
statute, and/or guidance thereunder, and the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A and any successor regulation and guidance
thereto; provided, however, an interpretation in compliance with Section 409A of the Code shall not expand the definition of Change
in Control in any way or cause an acquisition by the Slifkas to result in a Change in Control.

7

(iii) Constructive
Termination means termination of this Agreement by the Executive as a result of any (A) substantial diminution, without
the Executives written consent, in the Executives working conditions consisting of (1) a material reduction in the
Executives duties and responsibilities, (2) any change in the reporting structure so that the Executive no longer reports
solely to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, or (3) a relocation of the Executives place of work further than forty
(40) miles from Waltham, Massachusetts, or (B) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. To be able to terminate his employment
with the Company for Constructive Termination, the Executive must provide notice to the Company of the existence of any of the conditions
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence within 90 days of becoming aware of the initial existence of such condition(s), and the
Company must fail to remedy such condition(s) within 30 days of such notice. In no event shall the Date of Termination in connection
with a Constructive Termination occur any later than 120 days following the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination hereunder or, if applicable, a later date selected by the Board or the Compensation Committee and communicated
to the Executive that is no later than December 31 of the year in which the notice of the existence of the condition(s) constituting
a Constructive Termination was delivered to the Company.

(iv) Disability
shall mean a physical or mental condition which (A) renders the Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, unable to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (B) by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than 12 months, results in the Executive receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company.

(g) Notice
of Termination. Any termination or non-renewal (except due to the death of Executive) by the Company or the Executive shall
be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of
Termination shall mean a notice which (i) shall state the effective date of such termination, (ii) shall indicate
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and (iii) shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the provision so indicated. Any such notice shall
be provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 20 hereof. Any notice of voluntary termination by the Executive or of
termination without Cause by the Company shall be given 60 days in advance of such termination. Any notice of Constructive Termination
by the Executive shall be given by the Executive within 90 days of his becoming aware of the existence of the condition upon which the
Constructive Termination is based.

(h) Deemed
Resignation. If the Executives employment is terminated for any reason, then such termination shall constitute an automatic
resignation of the Executive as an officer of the Company and each affiliate of the Company, and, if applicable, an automatic resignation
of the Executive from the Board and from the board of directors of any affiliate of the Company and from the board of directors or similar
governing body of any corporation, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company or any of its affiliates holds an equity
interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body the Executive serves as the Companys or such affiliates
designee or other representative.

(i) Date
of Termination. The Date of Termination shall mean (i) the date of death, if the Executives
employment is terminated because of death, (ii) the date the Executive is determined to have a Disability, if the Executives
termination is based on his Disability, and (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated for any other reason (including,
without limitation, non-renewal), the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which date shall be in accordance with the timing rules set
out in (d) or (g) of this Section 7, as applicable. With respect to any compensation payable under this Agreement that
is subject to Section 409A of the Code, references to the Executives Date of Termination or termination of employment (and
variations thereof) shall be deemed to refer only to the Executives separation from service within the meaning of
Section 1.409A-1(h) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, applying the default terms thereof.

8

(j) Delayed
Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision with respect to the timing of payments under this Section 7, if, at the time of
the Executives termination, the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee (within the meaning
of Section 409A of the Code, and any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) of the Company, then only to the extent
necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, any payments to which the Executive may become entitled
under Section 7 as a result of his separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and
any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto) which are subject to Section 409A of the Code (and not otherwise exempt from
its application) will be withheld until the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives
employment, at which time the Executive shall be paid an aggregate amount equal to six months of payments otherwise due to the
Executive under the terms of this Section 7, as applicable, plus (to the extent not prohibited by Section 409A of the Code)
interest on such amounts at the then applicable prime rate of interest as established from time to time by Bank of America Corporation
or its successor. After the first business day of the seventh month following the termination of the Executives employment
and continuing each month thereafter, the Executive shall be paid the regular payments otherwise due to the Executive in
accordance with the terms of this Section 7, as applicable.

(k) Non-disparagement.
Each of the Company and the Executive agrees not to make any disparaging comments or remarks, orally or in writing, about the other party
following the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8. Section 409A. 
The parties hereto intend that this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance
thereunder. If any provision provided herein may result in the imposition of an additional tax or penalty under the provisions of
Section 409A of the Code, the Executive and the Company agree to amend any such provision to avoid imposition of any such additional
tax, to the extent possible, in the manner that the Executive and the Company mutually agree is appropriate to comply with Section 409A
of the Code; provided that, to the extent possible, any such amendment shall minimize any decrease in the payments or benefits to the
Executive contemplated herein.

9. Confidential
Information; Unauthorized Disclosure.

(a) During
the Term and for the period ending two years following the Date of Termination, the Executive shall not, without the written consent of
the Board or a person authorized thereby, disclose to any person, other than an employee of the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries
or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the Executive of his duties
as Chief Accounting Officer of the Company including serving as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Partnership, any secret, confidential
and/or proprietary information, knowledge or data obtained by him while in the employ of the Company or any of its affiliates with respect
to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, the disclosure of which he knows or should
know will be damaging to the Company, the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries; provided however, that such information, knowledge or
data shall not include (i) any information, knowledge or data known generally to the public (other than as a result of unauthorized
disclosure by the Executive) or (ii) any information, knowledge or data which the Executive may be required to disclose by any applicable
law, order, or judicial or administrative proceeding.

9

(b) The
Executive acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 9 by the Executive, and
the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this Section 9 by seeking specific
performance and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach, which may include the right to cease making the
severance payments or providing severance benefits described in Section 7 to the Executive or the right to recoup severance payments
that were previously paid to the Executive. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Section 9
but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from the Executive and his agents.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein (or in any other agreement between the Executive and the Company) shall prevent the Executive from lawfully,
and without obtaining prior authorization from the Company: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing
information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental
Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to an
employee individually from any Governmental Authority; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding
by any Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, including providing documents or other confidential information
to Governmental Authorities; or (iv) receiving an award for information provided to the SEC or any other Governmental Authority.
This Agreement shall not be construed or applied to require the Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company before engaging
in any of the foregoing conduct referenced in this Section 9(c), or to notify the Company of having engaged in any such conduct.
Further, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state
trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is: (A) made (x) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (y) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal; or (C) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law. In the event the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation
by the Company for the Executives reporting of a suspected violation of law, the Executive may (i) disclose a trade secret
to the Executives attorney and (ii) use the trade secret information in the court proceeding related to such lawsuit, in each
case, if the Executive (A) files any document containing such trade secret under seal; and (B) does not otherwise disclose such
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

10. Payment
Obligations Absolute. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the Companys obligation to pay the Executive
the amounts and to make the arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances,
including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company or the Partnership (including
its affiliates) may have against him or anyone else. All amounts payable by the Company shall be paid without notice or demand. 
The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision
of this Agreement, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event effect any reduction of the Companys obligations
to make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement.

10

11. Successors. 
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and permitted assigns and any such successor
or permitted assignee shall be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein,
successor and assignee shall be limited to any person, firm, corporation or other business entity
which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires control of the Company or to which the Company
assigns this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise in connection with any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
provided that any successor or permitted assignee promptly assumes in a writing delivered to the Executive this Agreement and, in no event,
shall any such succession or assignment release the Company from its obligations hereunder. The Company will require any successor (whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume
expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform
it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as herein before
defined and any successor to all or substantially all of its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this
Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

12. Assignment. 
The Executive shall not have any right to pledge, hypothecate, anticipate or assign this Agreement or the rights hereunder, except by
will or the laws of descent and distribution, or delegate his duties or obligations hereunder.

13. Governing
Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought
in state or federal courts, as applicable, in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.

14. Entire
Agreement. The Company and the Executive intend that this Agreement shall supersede the Prior Agreement in its entirety. This
Agreement together with (i) the attached Annex I and Exhibit A (STIP) hereto, (ii) those certain Global Partners
LP Long-Term Incentive Plan Grants of Phantom Units to the Executive dated June 8, 2022, March 3, 2023, May 3, 2023, August 23,
2023 and March 25, 2024, and (iii) those certain Global Partners LP 2018 Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan Award Agreements granted
to the Executive dated October 22, 2021 and June 10, 2022 constitute the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the
subject matter hereof, and contain all of the covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties with
respect to such subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Executive acknowledge and agree that the restrictions
on non-disclosure of information, non-competition and non-solicitation set forth herein (including in Section 9 and Annex I
herein) shall complement and be in addition to (and not supersede or replace) any other restrictions upon the Executive with respect to
non-disclosure, non-competition or non-solicitation as set forth in any previous agreement between the Executive and the Company or any
of its affiliates. Subject to the preceding sentence, as of the Effective Date, all understandings and agreements preceding the Effective
Date and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect, including, without limitation
all prior employment and severance agreements, if any, by and between the Company and the Executive; provided that, nothing contained
in the foregoing shall be deemed to supersede or make invalid any prior agreements between the Executive and the Company concerning long-term
incentive plan awards and any agreement by and between the Executive and the Company, the Partnership or any affiliated entity or member
of the Partnership in his capacity as an interest holder.

11

15. Modification. 
Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

16. No
Waiver. No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same
or at any prior or subsequent time.

17. Severability. 
Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together
will constitute one and the same Agreement.

19. Withholding
of Taxes and Other Employee Deductions. The Company may withhold from any benefits and payments made pursuant to this Agreement
all federal, state, city and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and all other normal
employee deductions made with respect to the Companys employees generally.

20. Notice. 
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service or mailed by U.S. registered
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the parties at their addresses set forth below, or to such other addresses
as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith except that notices of change of address shall be effective
only upon receipt.

12

If to the Company:

Global GP LLC

P.O. Box 9161

800 South St., Suite 500

Waltham, Massachusetts 02454-9161

Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board

with a copy to:

Brenda K. Lenahan

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

666 Fifth Avenue

25th Floor

New York, New York 10103

If to the Executive:

At the Executives last known home address listed in
the Companys personnel records from time to time

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding any provision in the this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent required by (a) applicable law, including, without
limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission
rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards and/or (b) any policy that may be adopted or amended by the Board
from time to time to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to
forfeiture, repurchase, recoupment and/or cancellation to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s) and/or policy.

22. Headings. 
The section headings have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the dates written below and this Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date.

GLOBAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Eric Slifka

Name: Eric Slifka

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 12, 2025

By: /s/ Matthew Spenser

MATTHEW SPENCER

Date: March 12, 2025

[Signature page to Matthew Spencer Employment
Agreement]

14

ANNEX I

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Provisions

Non-competition;
Non-solicitation.

(a) During
the Term, and in the event that the Executives employment is terminated for any reason other than the Executives death or
a termination of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause, then for a period of one (1) year following the Date
of Termination (the Restrictive Period), the Executive shall be prohibited from working (as an employee, consultant,
advisor, director or otherwise), engaging in, or acquiring or investing in, any business having assets engaged in the following businesses
in New England and the other geographic areas in which the Company or any of its affiliates is conducting business as of the Date of Termination
(the Restricted Businesses): (i) wholesale or retail marketing, sale, distribution and transportation of refined
petroleum products, crude oil, renewable fuels (including ethanol and biofuels), and natural gas liquids (including ethane, butane, propane
and condensates); (ii) the storage of refined petroleum products and/or any of the other products identified in clause (i) of
this paragraph in connection with any of the activities described in said clause (i); (iii) the retail sale of convenience store
items and sundries and related food service, whether or not related to the retail sale of refined petroleum products including, without
limitation, gasoline; (iv) bunkering; and (v) any other business in which the Company or its affiliates (a) becomes engaged
during the period that the Executive is employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, or (b) is preparing to become engaged as
of the time that the Executives employment with the Company or any of its affiliates ends and, with respect to parts (a) and
(b) of this clause (v), the Executive has participated in or obtained Confidential Information about such business or anticipated
business.

(b) As
further consideration for the covenants made by the Executive in part (a) of this Annex I, the Company agrees that, during
the Restrictive Period (so long as the Executives employment does not terminate due to the Executives death or a termination
of the Executives employment by the Company without Cause), the Company will provide the Executive with a total payment equal to
fifty percent (50%) of the Executives highest annualized Base Salary paid by the Company within the two years preceding the Date
of Termination (the Garden Leave Payment), which Garden Leave Payment will be divided into twelve (12) substantially
equal installments, with the first installment being paid on the Companys first monthly pay date that follows the Date of Termination
and the remaining eleven (11) installments being paid on the Companys monthly pay dates that follow thereafter; provided, however,
the Company shall have no obligation to provide Garden Leave Payments in the event that the Executive breaches any of the terms of part
(a) of this Annex I.

(c) During
the Restrictive Period, the Executive also shall not directly or indirectly solicit any employees, contractors, vendors, suppliers or
customers of the Company or any of its affiliates to cease to be employed by or otherwise do business with the Company or any of its affiliates,
or to reduce the same, or to be employed or otherwise do business with any Restricted Business. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Annex I to the contrary, the Executive may own up to 3% of a publicly traded entity that is engaged in one or more of the Restricted
Businesses. If any court determines that any of the provisions of this Annex I are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of such
provisions shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid provisions. If any court construes
any of the provisions of this Annex I, or any part thereof, to be unreasonable because of the duration of such provision or the
geographic scope thereof, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or restrict the geographic scope of such provision and
to enforce such provision as so reduced or restricted. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Annex I, nothing
in this Annex I shall limit the Executives ability to perform services in any capacity or invest in any of the following:
(I) money management firm; (II) investment partnership; (III) investment or private equity firm; or (IV) private equity
or other investment fund; except that if any such firm, partnership or fund referenced in subsections (I) through (IV) contemplates
or makes direct investments in the Partnership Group or in any Restricted Business, the Executive must recuse himself and may not personally,
in any respect, be actively involved, actively participate, or directly invest, and must fully comply with the provisions of this Annex
I.

The Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that he had sufficient time (and at least ten business days) to consider the terms of this Annex I before entering into
this Agreement.

Any restrictions on the Executive
otherwise prohibited under this Annex I may be waived only by express written permission of the Conflicts Committee of the Board.

ANNEX I

- 1 -

EXHIBIT A

Short-Term Incentive Plan

Performance
Period: January 1, 20__ through December 31, 20__ [Note: Updated STIP for each calendar year of the Term (2025,
2026 and 2027) to be established by the Compensation Committee by March 31 of such year and appended to this Agreement The below
text subject to revision by the Compensation Committee each year to reflect STIP design changes, if any.].

Target
STIP Amount: $____________

The Executive will be eligible to earn an amount
ranging from 0% to 200% of the Executives Target STIP Amount set forth above. Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount shall
be subject to the level of achievement by Global Partners LP (the Partnership) with respect to two performance
metrics based on (a) the Partnerships earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)
weighted at 35%, and (b) Distributable Cash Flow (as defined in the Partnerships Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership, as amended, before distributions on common and preferred units) (DCF) weighted at 15% for the Performance Period
set forth above. In respect of the EBITDA performance metric, the Executive will earn an amount, if any, as determined in accordance with
the table below (the Earned Amount). The Compensation Committee (the Committee)
of the Board of Directors will review, analyze and certify EBITDA for the Performance Period. In addition, the Committee will have the
discretion to adjust EBITDA to account for unusual, one-time factors that occurred during the Performance Period.

Distributable Cash Flow (DCF)
means,

Aggregate EBITDA (% of Target) Aggregate EBITDA ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Aggregate DCF (% of Target) Aggregate DCF ($000) Earned Amount (% of Target

STIP Amount)

120% $_______ 200%

100% (Target) $_______ 100%

80% $_______ 35%

Less than 80% 0%

Fifty percent (50%) of the Target STIP Amount
shall be subject to a discretionary performance metric for the Performance Period. In respect of the discretionary performance metric,
the Earned Amount, if any, will be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. As part of its evaluation, the Committee may consider
factors including but not limited to: (i) financial performance, (ii) acquisitions, (iii) non-strategic site divestitures,
(iv) Alltown Fresh and C-store performance, (v) human resources, (vi) environmental health & safety accomplishments
(and (vii) other factors identified by management to the Committee.

The Committee shall have final authority to make
factual determinations, interpret any ambiguities and resolve any and all issues with respect to the STIP and the determination of the
Executives Earned Amount.

Except as otherwise provided in the employment agreement to which this
Exhibit A is attached or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Earned Amount shall only be payable if the Executive
remains continuously employed through the date on which the Earned Amount is Paid.

Exhibit
A

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>glp-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>glp-20250312_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>glp-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interests [Member] 

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>glp-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32593

Entity Registrant Name GLOBAL PARTNERS LP

Entity Central Index Key 0001323468

Entity Tax Identification Number 74-3140887

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O. Box 9161

Entity Address, Address Line Two 800 South Street

Entity Address, City or Town Waltham

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02454-9161

City Area Code 781

Local Phone Number 894-8800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interests [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Units representing limited partner interests

Trading Symbol GLP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 9.50% Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred
Units representing limited partner interests

Trading Symbol GLP pr B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GLP_CommonUnitsRepresentingLimitedPartnerInterestsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globalp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

glp-20250312.xsd 
glp-20250312_def.xml 
glp-20250312_lab.xml 
glp-20250312_pre.xml 
tm259274d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-025063-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm259274d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001323468 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001323468 

GLP:CommonUnitsRepresentingLimitedPartnerInterestsMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001323468 

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001323468 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
GLOBAL PARTNERS LP 
DE 
001-32593 
74-3140887 
P.O. Box 9161 
800 South Street 
Waltham 
MA 
02454-9161 
781 
894-8800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units representing limited partner interests 
GLP 
NYSE 
9.50% Series B Fixed Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests 
GLP pr B 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>