<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001764013-25-000007.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001764013-25-000007.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113080700
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001764013-25-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Immunovant, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001764013
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				832771572
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38906
		FILM NUMBER:		25524913

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		320 WEST 37TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-580-3099

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		320 WEST 37TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Health Sciences Acquisitions Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>imvt-20250113.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?imvt-20250113

0001764013FALSE00017640132025-01-132025-01-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 13, 2025

IMMUNOVANT, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38906 83-2771572

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

320 West 37th Street 

New York, NY 10018

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (917) 580-3099

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share IMVT The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Share Purchase Agreement

On January 13, 2025, Immunovant, Inc. (the Company) entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional accredited investors (the Purchasers), including Roivant Sciences Ltd. (Roivant). The Purchase Agreement provides that, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, the Purchasers will purchase an aggregate of 22,500,000 shares (the Shares) of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), of the Company, at a price of $20.00 per Share (the Private Placement). 

Gross proceeds from the Private Placement are expected to be approximately $450 million. The Private Placement is expected to close on or about January 15, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of the closing conditions referenced above. The Company expects the net proceeds from the Private Placement to be used for the advancement of its development pipeline, working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

On January 13, 2025, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with certain of the Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things, to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a registration statement on Form S-3 (or a prospectus supplement to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR) to register for resale the Shares within 15 calendar days of the closing of the Private Placement, and to use reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective, if not automatically effective upon filing, as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event no later than the earlier of (a) the 60th calendar day following the initial filing date or (b) the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. The Company also agreed to use reasonable best efforts to keep such registration statement effective until the date the Shares covered by such registration statement have been sold or may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction. The Company has agreed to be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration of the Shares. 

The Company has granted the Purchasers customary indemnification rights in connection with the registration statement. The Purchasers have also granted the Company customary indemnification rights in connection with the registration statement. 

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating to the Private Placement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based in part upon the representations of the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement, the offering and sale of the Shares will be made in reliance on the exemption afforded by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws. The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Each of the Purchasers has represented that it is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act, that it is purchasing the Securities solely for the Purchasers own account and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and that the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the Securities in violation of the Securities Act. The sale of the Securities did not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. 

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

The information furnished under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC made by the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description 

10.1* 

Share Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and the Purchasers, dated January 13, 2025. 

10.2* 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and certain of the Purchasers, dated January 13, 2025.

99.1 

Press release, dated January 13, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain confidential portions (indicated by brackets and asterisks) have been omitted from this exhibit. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of such omitted confidential portions to the SEC upon request.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitation statements regarding the anticipated closing and use of proceeds of the Private Placement and the filing and timing of a resale registration statement or prospectus supplement, as applicable. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, target, should, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including risks relating to market conditions, the satisfaction of the customary closing conditions and other risks described under the caption Risk Factors in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7, 2024, and its subsequent filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

IMMUNOVANT, INC.

By: /s/ Eva Renee Barnett

Eva Renee Barnett

Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 13, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit10120250113.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT (INDICATED BY [***]) HAVE BEEN EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(10) OF REGULATION S-K BECAUSE THEY ARE BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND ARE THE TYPE THAT THE COMPANY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.

SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among Immunovant, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the parties listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, an Investor and together, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Investors, and each Investor desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock); and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Shares, the parties hereto will execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect of the Shares under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Company and each Investor, severally and not jointly, agree as follows:

1.Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Amended and Restated Bylaws means the Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect.

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation means the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.32.

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.

ERISA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

GAAP has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

Governmental Authorizations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11.

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9.

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.

Investor and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals.

2

Issuer Covered Person and Issuer Covered Persons have the meaning set forth in Section 3.32.

IT Systems and Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30.

Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, (a) was, is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Company to comply, or prevents the Company from complying, with its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, or with respect to the Closing, or would reasonably be expected to do so. 

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question, together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(j).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports means (a) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and (b) all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual Report on Form 10-K has been filed and prior to the execution of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Short Sales include, without limitation, (a) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, whether or not against the box, and 

3

all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and (b) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Transaction Agreements means this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

Transfer Agent means, with respect to the Common Stock, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, N.A. or such other financial institution that provides transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time.

2.Purchase and Sale of Shares.

2.1Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Investors, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the number of Shares and for the aggregate purchase price set forth opposite the Investors name on Exhibit A. The price per Share is $20.00. 

2.2Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares (the Closing and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at such time as agreed to by the Company and the Investors but (i) in no event earlier than the second Business Day after the date of this Agreement and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Business Day after the date of this Agreement. At the Closing, the Shares shall be issued and registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, representing the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit A, against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the Investors no less than one Business Day prior to the Closing. On the Closing Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in Section 4.10). Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as may be agreed to among the Company and one or more Investors, if an Investor affirmatively notifies the Company on or prior to the date hereof that it is (1) an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (2) advised by an investment adviser subject to regulation under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or (3) otherwise subject to internal policies and/or procedures relating to the timing of funding and issuance of securities that would require it, such Investor shall not be required to wire its Aggregate Purchase Price as set forth on Exhibit A until it confirms receipt on the Closing Date of evidence of the issuance of such Investors Shares from the Transfer Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investor. In the event that the Closing has not occurred within two Business Days after the expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than one Business Day thereafter) return the previously 

4

wired amounts to each respective Investor by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book entries for the Shares shall be deemed cancelled; provided that, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement or relieve such Investor of its obligation to purchase, or the Company of its obligation to issue and sell, the Shares at the Closing.

3.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Investors that the statements contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date).

3.1Organization and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and described in the SEC Reports and is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to have such power and authority or to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21 to its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K (hereinafter referred to as the subsidiaries) is (i) duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except in each case as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect.

3.2Capitalization. The Companys disclosure of its authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock in the most recent SEC Report containing such disclosure was accurate in all material respects as of the date indicated therein. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company which have not been waived, and such shares were issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights of third parties.

3.3Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements or as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued, other than such rights and obligations that have expired or been satisfied or waived.

3.4Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements, including the issuance and sale of the Shares. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for 

5

the authorization of the Shares, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Shares, has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each Investor and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each Investor, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes legal, valid and binding agreements of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

3.5Valid Issuance. The Shares being purchased by the Investors hereunder have been duly and validly authorized and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investors in Section 4, the offer and sale of the Shares to the Investors is and will be in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities laws of the states of the United States. 

3.6No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Company, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements will not (i) violate any provision of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a benefit under any agreement or instrument, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound 

6

or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.7Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors in Section 4, no consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of or registration with, any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the authorization, execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction Agreements, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the performance by the Company of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as (a) have been or will be obtained or made under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the National Exchange for the issuance and sale of the Shares and the listing of the Shares for trading or quotation, as the case may be, thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with the SEC or pursuant to state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein, which will be filed on a timely basis, (d) the filing of the registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement, or (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All notices, consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or made or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and effect, on or prior to the Closing.

3.8SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a)The Company has filed or furnished, as applicable, all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC under Section 13, 14(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement and is in compliance with General Instruction I.A.3 of Form S-3. As of the time it was filed with, or furnished to, the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and, as of the time they were filed, or furnished, none of the SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review.

(b)The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Financial Statements) comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified, all in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except as otherwise noted therein, and in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 

7

10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial Statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except (i) those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such financial statements or (ii) liabilities not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in either case, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.9Absence of Changes. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the SEC Reports, since October 1, 2024, (a) the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto); (b) no material change to any material contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that none of the following will be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and that none of the following will be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect under this Section 3.9:

(i) any change generally affecting the economy, financial markets or political, economic or regulatory conditions in the United States or any other geographic region in which the Company conducts business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(ii) general financial, credit or capital market conditions, including interest rates or exchange rates, or any changes therein, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(iii) any change that generally affects industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(iv) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions, global pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related strains, epidemic or similar health emergency, and other force majeure events in the United States or any other location, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(v) national or international political or social conditions (or changes in such conditions), whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

8

(vi) material changes in laws after the date of this Agreement; and

(vii) in and of itself, any material failure by the Company to meet any published or internally prepared estimates of revenues, expenses, earnings or other economic performance for any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the facts and circumstances giving rise to such failure may be deemed to constitute, and may be taken into account in determining whether there has been, a Material Adverse Effect to the extent that such facts and circumstances are not otherwise described in clauses (i)-(v) of this definition).

3.10Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or inquiry pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any orders, writs, injunctions, judgments or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.11Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or has received any notices of violations with respect to, any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental body, court or government agency or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have all required licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Authorizations) from such federal, state or local government or governmental agency, department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess currently such Governmental Authorizations has not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has received any written (or, to the Companys knowledge, oral) notice regarding any revocation or material modification of any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.12Intellectual Property. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its subsidiaries own, or have obtained valid and enforceable licenses for, the inventions, patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property described in the SEC Reports as being owned or licensed by them or, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, which are necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to so own or hold as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, Intellectual Property). To the Companys knowledge, and except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, except for customary reversionary rights of third-party licensors with respect to Intellectual Property that is disclosed in the SEC Reports as licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and (ii) there is no infringement by third 

9

parties of any Intellectual Property, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect or as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging the Companys ownership of, or rights in or to, any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim that, if asserted as of the date hereof, would reasonably be expected to succeed; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim that, if asserted as of the date hereof, would reasonably be expected to succeed; or (C) asserting that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes or otherwise violates, or would, upon the commercialization of any product or service described in the SEC Reports as under development, infringe or violate, any patent, trademark, trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim that, if asserted as of the date hereof, would reasonably be expected to succeed. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect or as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any of its, and all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the product candidates described in the SEC Reports as under development by the Company or any of its subsidiaries fall within the scope of the claims of one or more patents or patent applications owned by, or exclusively licensed for a particular territory, to the Company or any of its subsidiaries and included in the Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of the Company, all patents and patent applications owned by, or exclusively licensed for a particular territory, to the Company or any of its subsidiaries have been duly and properly filed and maintained except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, the parties prosecuting such patents and patent applications have complied with their duty of candor and disclosure to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and the Company is not aware of any facts required to be disclosed to such office that were not disclosed to such office and, as such, which would preclude the grant of a patent in connection with any such application or would reasonably be expected to form the basis of a finding of invalidity with respect to any patents that have issued from such applications.

3.13Employee Benefits. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder of which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a member. Except as disclosed in 

10

the SEC Reports, (i) no reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, (ii) no employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA), (iii) neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code, and (iv) each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

3.14Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns or have properly requested extensions thereof, except where the failure to so file would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them except as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or where the failure to make such payment would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in the Financial Statements in respect of all federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has not been finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.15Environmental Laws. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect or as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports: (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any applicable federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements; (iii) there are no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Laws against the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (iv) to the Companys knowledge, there are no events or circumstances that might reasonably be expected to form the 

11

basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws.

3.16Title. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by it that is material to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially and adversely interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its subsidiaries is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially and adversely interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Company does not own any real property.

3.17Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts and covering such risks that is customary for comparably situated companies and is adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its real and personal properties (owned or leased) and assets, and each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the terms of such insurance policies. Other than customary end-of-policy notifications from insurance carriers, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding any actual or possible: (i) cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection of any material claim under any insurance policy.

3.18Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol IMVT. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq applicable to the Company. There is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action as of the date of this Agreement that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act.

3.19Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and has been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

3.20Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical tests and clinical trials, and other studies (collectively, studies) being conducted by or, to the knowledge of the Company, for the Company, or that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the SEC Reports were and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (collectively, FFDCA) and its implementing regulations at 21 

12

C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, 56, 58, and 312, with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and approved for such studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures; each description of the results of such studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents, in all material respects, the data derived from such studies, and, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to in the SEC Reports; except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its subsidiaries have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services or any committee thereof or from any other U.S. or foreign government or drug or medical device regulatory agency, or health care facility Institutional Review Board (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies) for the conduct of its business as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency requiring the termination, suspension or material modification of any clinical trials currently being conducted or proposed to be conducted by or for the Company, that are described or referred to in the SEC Reports; and the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies.

3.21Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Companys and its subsidiaries business practices have been structured in a manner reasonably designed to comply with the state, federal and foreign health care laws applicable to the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries, and the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Health Care Laws, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the Public Health Service Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and all applicable foreign health care related fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h), the U.S. civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal false claims law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7) and the civil monetary penalties law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a); (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes; (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (Public Law 111-152); (v) Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act); (vi) Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act); and (vii) any and all other applicable health care laws and regulations. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product 

13

operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action is threatened. To the Companys knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have engaged in activities which are, as applicable, cause for false claims liability, civil penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other state health care program or federal health care program. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, plans of correction or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, officers or directors has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

3.22Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the Companys financial statements. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (1) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (2) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially and adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Companys disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

3.23Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will it take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares.

14

3.24Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.25General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its subsidiaries nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.26Brokers and Finders. Neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.27Reliance by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations set forth in this Section 3. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth herein. 

3.28No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and any Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than (i) as specified in the Transaction Agreements and (ii) any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, which side letters the Company has shared with all Investors.

3.29Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of or associated with the Company or any of its subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken any act in furtherance of an offer, promise, or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or public international organization, or any political party, party official, or candidate for political office; (iii) violated 

15

or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, authorized, requested, or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are, and have been conducted at all times, in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar applicable rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

3.30Cybersecurity. (i) Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (x) to the Companys knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any of its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data), except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same, and (y) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach, or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except in the case of this clause (ii), as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices in all material respects and have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data.

3.31Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described.

16

3.32No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii) Affiliates, (iii) directors, (iv) executive officers, (v) non-executive officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) beneficial owners of 20% or more of its outstanding voting equity securities (calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii) promoters or (viii) investment managers (including any of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) or general partners or managing members of such investment managers (including any of such general partners or managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event).

3.33Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares.

4.Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself and not jointly with any other Investor, represents and warrants to the Company that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date:

4.1Organization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted.

4.2Authorization. The Investor has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Investor or its stockholders, members or partners necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement has been taken. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Agreements to which such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the legal and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited or otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

4.3No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Investor, the purchase of the Shares in accordance with their terms and the consummation by the Investor of the other transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Investor (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or 

17

acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents of the Investor, including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or (ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to materially delay or hinder the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

4.4Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Shares was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name on its respective signature page hereto, except as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company.

4.5Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay.

4.6Investment Representations and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date of this Agreement is, if an entity, a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with an investment in the Shares. The Investor further represents and warrants that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Shares and is an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). The Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Shares has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein.

4.7Intent. The Investor is purchasing the Shares solely for the Investors own account and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to the Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor is purchasing the Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the Shares to or through any person or entity. The Investor 

18

understands that the Shares must be held indefinitely unless such Shares are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by the Investor to hold the Shares for any period of time.

4.8Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks. The Investor acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Shares and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described in this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as the Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Shares. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Shares, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), the Investor has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Shares and determined that the Shares are a suitable investment for the Investor. The Investor is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of the Investors entire investment in the Shares and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

4.9Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor in connection with the purchase of the Shares constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Shares.

4.10Shares Not Registered; Legends. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Shares must continue to be held and may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Investor unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The Investor understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Investors control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor 

19

acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Shares. The Investor acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

The Investor understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Shares may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance:

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SHARES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SHARES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SHARES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

In addition, the Shares may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor, if applicable.

4.11No General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Shares directly from the Company. Investor became aware of this offering of the Shares solely by means of direct contact from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company, and/or its advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The Shares were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor and the Company and/or its representatives. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Shares, nor were the Shares offered to Investor, by any other means, and none of the Company and/or its representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

4.12Access to Information. In making its decision to purchase the Shares, each Investor has relied solely upon independent investigation made by such Investor, upon the SEC Reports and upon the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein. The Investor 

20

acknowledges and agrees that such Investor has received such information as such Investor deems necessary in order to make an investment decision with respect to the Shares, including, with respect to the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Investor acknowledges that copies of the SEC Reports are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Each Investor acknowledges and agrees that such Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have had the opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares as the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the Shares and that the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by the Investor shall modify, limit or otherwise affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement.

4.13Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Investor has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement and (ii) in the case of an Investor whose investment adviser utilized an information barrier with respect to the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder after first being contacted by the Company or such other Person representing the Company, the representation set forth above shall only apply after the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages such Investors assets was informed of the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder and, with respect to the Investors investment adviser, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company on behalf of other funds or investment vehicles for which the Investors investment adviser is also an investment adviser or subadviser after the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages the assets of such other funds or investment vehicles for which the Investors investment adviser is also an investment adviser or sub-adviser was informed of the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such information, the Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

21

4.14Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor represents that no Disqualification Event is applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. For purposes of this Section, Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

4.15No Reliance. The Investor further acknowledges that there have not been, and Investor hereby agrees that it is not relying on and has not relied on, any statements, representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company, any of its affiliates or any control persons, officers, directors, employees, partners, agents or representatives of any of the foregoing or any other person or entity, expressly or by implication, other than the SEC Reports and those representations, warranties and covenants of the Company expressly set forth in this Agreement.

5.Covenants.

5.1Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys, accountants and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and compliance with applicable law, including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges that the Company will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Investor agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate.

5.2Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

5.3Disclosure of Transactions. The Company shall, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the date hereof (provided that, if this Agreement is executed between midnight and 9:00 a.m., New York City time on any Business Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. on the date hereof), issue a press release and/or file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure Document, and the actual filing of such press release or Current Report on Form 8-K, the Disclosure Time) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements and attaching this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as exhibits to such Disclosure Document. Following the filing of the Disclosure Document, no Investor shall be in possession of any material non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors by the Company or any of its directors, officers, 

22

employees, or other representatives. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting securities transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers in any marketing materials, press release or public announcement or filing with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement or the Roivant Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below)) or any regulatory agency, without the prior written consent of the Investor, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement or the Roivant Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below) and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Purchaser with prior written notice and a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure permitted under foregoing clause (ii). 

5.4Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

5.5Removal of Legends.

(a)In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption under the Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to the Company, the Company shall request the Transfer Agent to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such shares and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as reasonably practicable following any such request therefor from the Investor, provided that the Company has timely received from the Investor customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection therewith. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent and its legal counsel associated with such legend removal.

(b)Subject to receipt from the Investor by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably requested by the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewithin, upon the earliest of such time as 

23

the Shares have been (i) registered under the Securities Act pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an Investor accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares, and (B) cause its counsel to deliver to the Transfer Agent one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

5.6Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish the Company with any information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding obligations).

5.7Fees and Commissions. The Company shall be solely responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by an Investor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

5.8No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors under the Transaction Agreements. 

5.9Indemnification. 

(a)The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Indemnified Person may become subject (i) as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under this Agreement or (ii) as a result of or arising out of any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened, against an Indemnified Person in any capacity by any third party (including a stockholder of the Company), whether directly or in a derivative capacity, who is not an Affiliate of the Indemnified Person, with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Indemnified Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person, except to the extent such amounts have resulted from such Indemnified Persons fraud or willful misconduct, as determined by a final nonappealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction.

24

(b)Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement.

5.10Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of (a) sixty (60) days after the Closing Date and (b) the Business Day immediately following the effective date of the registration statement (or if applicable, the prospectus supplement to an effective registration statement) filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Restricted Period), the Company shall not (A) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (B) effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Stock or (C) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement and the Roivant Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.10 shall not apply to (i) the issuance of the Shares hereunder, (ii) the issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents upon the conversion, exercise or vesting of any securities of the Company outstanding on the date of this Agreement or outstanding pursuant to clause (iii) below, (iii) the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to any Company stock-based compensation plans or in 

25

accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4), or (iv) the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the offer and sale of securities on an equity incentive plan or employee stock purchase plan.

6.Conditions of Closing.

6.1Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Shares being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date.

(b)Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)No Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Shares by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing.

(d)Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Shares, all of which shall be in full force and effect.

(e)Transfer Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of the Shares at the Closing.

(f)Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)Opinion of Company Counsel. The Investors shall have received an opinion from Cooley LLP, counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investors,

(h)Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investors certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents), 6.1(e) (Transfer Agent), 6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) and 6.1(l) (No Injunction) of this Agreement have been fulfilled.

26

(i)Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate certifying (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Shares.

(j)Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors.

(k)Listing Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on a National Exchange and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the National Exchange from trading thereon nor shall suspension by the SEC or the National Exchange have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the SEC or the National Exchange; and the Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the Shares and Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to such notice and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l)No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any governmental entity, shall have been issued against the Company, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by any governmental entity, enjoining or preventing the Company to consume the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other Transaction Agreements.

(m)Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Shares being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

6.2Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, and to issue and sell to each Investor the Shares to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section 4 hereto shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date.

27

(b)Performance. Each Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such Investor on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Shares by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation.

(d)Registration Rights Agreement. Each Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit B.

(e)Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Shares being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

7.Termination. 

7.1Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, to effect the Closing shall terminate as follows:

(i)Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and each Investor (with respect to itself only) prior to the Closing;

(ii)By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company;

(iii)By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such Investor; or

(iv)By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement;

provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the circumstances giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing.

7.2Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

28

8.Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, neither the Company nor any Investor shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance, and the Company will consider in good faith any Investor comments.

8.2Registration Rights. The Company hereby agrees that the Shares being purchased by Roivant Sciences Ltd. (Roivant) pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered Registrable Securities within the meaning of that certain Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the Roivant Registration Rights Agreement) dated September 29, 2019 between the Company and the Investors party thereto, including Roivant.

8.3Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt:

(a)If to the Company, addressed as follows:

Immunovant, Inc. 

[***] 

Attention: [***] 

Email: [***]

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

Cooley LLP

55 Hudson Yards

New York, NY 10001

Attention: [***] 

Email: [***]

29

(b)If to any Investor, at its address or e-mail address set forth on such Investors signature page hereto, or such address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.3.

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

8.4[Reserved].

8.5Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

8.6Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury.

(a)This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply.

(b)The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(i)submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the State of New York;

(ii)consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law;

(iii)agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.3 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified pursuant thereto;

(iv)agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other 

30

jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties hereto;

(v)agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law;

(vi)agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and

(vii)irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement.

8.7Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

8.8Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed investment in the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes, transfer taxes and other similar taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Investors. [***].

8.9Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an Investor, and (y) the Investors, in the case of the Company, provided that an Investor may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights to purchase the Shares hereunder to any of its affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of such Investor (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 ). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement.

31

8.10Confidential Information.

(a)Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed by the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Investors outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be required by law.

(b)The Company may request from the Investors such reasonable and customary additional information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Shares, and the Investor shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the Investor confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq. The Investor acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as exhibit to a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company.

8.11Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby except as set forth in Section 5.9. 

8.12Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each Investor confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Cooley LLP has not rendered legal advice to such Investor. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be 

32

joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor.

8.13Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

8.14Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

8.15Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto), together with any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether written or oral. No amendment, modification, alteration, or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Investors of at least a majority in interest of the Shares then held by the Investors, provided that (i) prior to the Closing the consent of all Investors shall be required and (ii) following closing, the consent of all Investors shall be required for any amendment, modification, alteration or change to Section 5.3, Section 5.5 or Section 5.9. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion. The Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Investor or the Company, respectively, with any term or provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such Investor or the Company, respectively.

8.16Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares in accordance with their respective terms. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

8.17Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision of this Agreement has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

33

8.18Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the terms and conditions of the Shares were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

34

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY:

IMMUNOVANT, INC.

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

ROIVANT SCIENCES LTD.

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

[***]

By: /s/ [***]

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[***]

[***]

By: /s/ [***]

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Capital Trust: Fidelity Stock Selector

Small Cap Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Securities Fund: Fidelity Series Small Cap Opportunities Fund 

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Advisor Series VII: Fidelity Advisor

Biotechnology Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity Series

Growth Company Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity

Growth Company Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Growth Company Commingled Pool

By: Fidelity Management Trust Company, as

Trustee

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust : Fidelity

Growth Company K6 Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Select Portfolios: Biotechnology

Portfolio

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

EXHIBIT A

INVESTORS

Investor Name Shares Share Purchase Price Per Share Aggregate Purchase Price

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10220250113.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT (INDICATED BY [***]) HAVE BEEN EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(10) OF REGULATION S-K BECAUSE THEY ARE BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND ARE THE TYPE THAT THE COMPANY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025 is entered into by and among Immunovant, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor and collectively together with their respective permitted assigns, the Investors). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement). 

WHEREAS:

A.Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors, and the Investors have agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to $450,000,000 of shares (the Shares) of the Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

B.To induce the Investors to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS.

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Force Majeure means any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is caused by (i) acts of God, epidemics, pandemics (including COVID-19) or other calamities, national or international political or social conditions (or the escalation or worsening thereof), (ii) any potential or actual government shutdown, or (iii) any other interruption in the financing, banking, currency or capital markets in general in the United States.

(b)Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

(c) Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for offering securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

(d)Registrable Securities means the Shares and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares as a result of any stock split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement. 

(e)Registration Expenses means all registration and filing fee expenses incurred by the Company in effecting any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the SEC, FINRA or any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws, (iii) all printing, duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the expenses of any special audit and cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance). 

(f)Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable securities laws. Registration Statement shall also include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall, to the extent such form is available, satisfy its Registration obligations pursuant to this Agreement by filing a prospectus supplement on or prior to the Filing Deadline in lieu of a new Registration Statement, in which case the Company shall have satisfied its obligations pursuant to Section 2 in full, and such prospectus supplement shall constitute a Registration Statement for all purposes under this Agreement, with such necessary changes in the details of the provisions of this Agreement as are necessitated by the context, including, without limitation, to take into account that the prospectus supplement is a final prospectus supplement covering the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investors to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR that provides for the resale of an unlimited number of securities by selling shareholders (a Company Registration Shelf) filed after the effectiveness of a Company Registration Shelf and not a newly filed Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file more than two prospectus supplements in any 12-month period to add additional Registrable Securities to any Company Registration Shelf that were acquired by the Investors other than directly from the Company or in an underwritten public offering by the Company.

(g)Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to an Investors disposition of its Registrable Securities.

2.REGISTRATION.

(a)Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 15 days after the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement (the Initial Registration Statement) covering the resale of all Registrable Securities. Before filing the Registration Statement, the Company shall 

2

furnish to the Investors a copy of the Registration Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus, prior to its filing with the SEC. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement shall include the plan of distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the Investor or its counsel reasonably proposed by the Investor, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information regarding the Investor to which Investor reasonably objects, unless such information is required to comply with any applicable law or regulation. The Investors shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company and as shall be reasonably required in connection with any registration referred to in this Agreement. 

(b)Effectiveness. To the extent the Initial Registration Statement is not effective upon filing or the Company does not maintain an effective Company Registration Shelf, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any amendment declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date but no later than the earlier of (a) the 60th calendar day following the initial filing date of the Initial Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Initial Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (such earlier date, the Effectiveness Deadline). The Company shall notify the Investor by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within 24 hours, after the Registration Statement is declared effective or is supplemented and shall provide the Investor with copies of any related prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Initial Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby; and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold by the Investors without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect (the Registration Period). The Initial Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(c)Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities, the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new registration statement (together with any prospectuses or prospectus supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than ten Business Days after the necessity therefor arises (the New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof but no later than the earlier of the (a) 75th calendar day following the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the New Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally 

3

or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (the earlier of such dates, the New RegistrationEffectiveness Deadline). The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b) shall apply to the New Registration Statement, except as modified hereby. 

(d)Liquidated Damages. If (i) the Initial Registration Statement has not been filed by the Filing Deadline, (ii) the Initial Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, (iii) the New Registration Statement has not been filed by the New Registration Filing Deadline, (iv) the New Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline or (v) after any Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, sales cannot be made pursuant to such Registration Statement for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a stop order, or the Companys failure to update such Registration Statement), but excluding any Allowed Delay (a Maintenance Failure), then the Company will make pro rata payments to each Investor then holding Registrable Securities, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to 1.0% of the aggregate amount paid pursuant to the Purchase Agreement by such Investor for such Registrable Securities then held by such Investor upon the occurrence of such Maintenance Failure and for each 30-day period or pro rata for any portion thereof during which the failure continues (the Blackout Period); provided that, no liquidated damages shall be payable if the Companys failure was caused by any Force Majeure. Such payments shall constitute the Investors exclusive monetary remedy for such events, but shall not affect the right of the Investors to seek injunctive relief. The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid in cash no later than five Business Days after each such 30-day period following the commencement of the Blackout Period until the termination of the Blackout Period (the Blackout Period Payment Date). Interest shall accrue at the rate of 1.0% per month on any such liquidated damages payments that shall not be paid by the Blackout Period Payment Date until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the aggregate amount of liquidated damages (or interest thereon) paid under this Agreement to any Investor exceed, in the aggregate, 5.0% of the aggregate purchase price of the Shares purchased by such Investor under the Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2(d) to the contrary, during any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities because any Investor fails to furnish information required to be provided pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 4(a) within three Business Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that would otherwise accrue as to such Investor only shall be tolled until such information is delivered to the Company.

(e)Allowable Delays. On no more than two occasions and for not more than 30 consecutive days or for a total of not more than 60 days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any Registration Statement, in the event that the Company determines in good faith that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company in connection with any pending corporate development, which would require additional disclosure by the Company in the Registration Statement of such material non-public information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential and the non-disclosure of which would be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Board of Directors, upon advice of legal counsel, to cause the Registration Statement to fail to comply with applicable disclosure requirements, or (B) amend or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (a) notify each 

4

Investor in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such Investor any material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable. 

(f)Rule 415; Cutback. If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (provided, however, the Company shall be obligated to use reasonable best efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities) or requires any Investor to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall (i) promptly notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof and (ii) make commercially reasonable efforts to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the issuer as defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall have the right to have its legal counsel, at such Investors expense, review and oversee any registration or matters pursuant to this Section 2(f), including participation in any meetings or discussions with the SEC regarding the SECs position and to comment on any written submission made to the SEC with respect thereto. No such written submission with respect to this matter shall be made to the SEC to which any Investors counsel reasonably objects. In the event that, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts and compliance with the terms of this Section 2(f), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back Shares) and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the SEC may require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC Restrictions); provided, however, that the Company shall not name any Investor as an underwriter in such Registration Statement without the prior written consent of such Investor (provided that, in the event an Investor withholds such consent, the Company shall have no obligation hereunder to include any Registrable Securities of such Investor in any Registration Statement covering the resale thereof until such time as the SEC no longer requires such Investor to be named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement or such Investor otherwise consents in writing to being so named). Any cut-back imposed on the Investors pursuant to this Section 2(f) shall be allocated among the Investors on a pro rata basis and shall be applied first to any of the Registrable Securities of such Investor as such Investor shall designate, unless the SEC Restrictions otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree. No liquidated damages shall accrue as to any Cut Back Shares until such date as the Company is able to effect the registration of such Cut Back Shares in accordance with any SEC Restrictions applicable to such Cut Back Shares (such date, the Restriction Termination Date). From and after the Restriction Termination Date applicable to any Cut Back Shares, all of the provisions of this Section 2 (including the Companys obligations with respect to the filing of a Registration Statement and its obligations to use reasonable efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective within the time periods set forth herein and the liquidated damages provisions relating thereto) shall again be applicable to such Cut Back Shares; provided, however, that the date by which the Company is required to file the Registration Statement with respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the tenth day following the Restriction Termination Date and the date by which the Company is required to have the Registration Statement effective with respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the 55th day immediately after the Restriction Termination Date.

3.RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS.

5

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2, including on the Initial Registration Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

(a)Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investors promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information.

(b)Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for the Registration Period and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the Investors and the Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the Investors.

(c)Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the Investors and their counsel shall have been advised and afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three (3) Business Days prior to filing with the SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration to any comments thereon received from the Investors or their counsel.

(d)Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of the Initial Registration Statement, any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement thereunder, any New Registration Statement and all amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement that are filed with the SEC during the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such other documents as Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by Investor that are covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request and in such quantities as such Investor may from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available on EDGAR. 

(e)Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of 

6

effectiveness and, (ii) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each case: (1) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration Statement or any prospectus or for any additional information; (2) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (3) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event, which makes any statement of a material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend any Registration Statement or any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose to the Investors (and shall not so disclose to any Investor without such Investors prior written consent) the substance of specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clauses (1) through (3) of the immediately preceding sentence (each, a Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the event has occurred. If at any time the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investors, upon request and without charge, a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority to the Company or its representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, or prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (3) of the second sentence of this Section 3(e), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under Registration Statements may resume; unless such Suspension Event is an Allowed Delay.

(f)Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by an Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written confirmation from Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company for sale of Registrable Securities. 

(g)Listing. The Company shall use best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

(h)Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Investor in writing if, at any time during the Registration Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in 

7

connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the Availability Date (as defined below), an earnings statement covering a period of at least 12 months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this subsection 3(h), Availability Date means the 45th day following the end of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the Companys fiscal year, Availability Date means the 90th day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter).

(i)Blue-Sky. The Company shall register or qualify or cooperate with the Investor and their counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(i), (ii) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(i), or (iii) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(j)Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration, the Company covenants and agrees to: (i) make and keep adequate current public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) six months after such date as all of the Registrable Securities may be sold without restriction by the holders thereof pursuant to Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (B) such date as there are no longer Registrable Securities; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and (iii) furnish electronically to each Investor upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic access to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration.

(k)Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement or Rule 144 to effect sales of Registrable Securities ; for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

4.OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

(a)Investor Information. Each Investor shall provide a completed Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other information as reasonably requested by the Company and required in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities (such 

8

questionnaire or other information provided, the Questionnaire). If the Company has not received such completed Questionnaire from an Investor within three Business Days of the Companys request, the Company may file the Registration Statement without including such Investors Registrable Securities. 

(b)Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the existence of Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investor's receipt of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Suspension Event and that such dispositions may again be made.

(c)Investor Cooperation. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or New Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

(d)Compliance. Each Investor covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available) in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement and shall sell the Registrable Securities only in accordance with the plan of distribution described in the Registration Statement, or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

5.EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to securities registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the Investors pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities so registered.

6.INDEMNIFICATION.

(a)To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor and each Person, if any, who controls such Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, members, managers, agents, representatives and advisors of such Investor and each Person, if any, who controls such Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs and costs of preparation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement and reasonable and documented expenses, (collectively, Losses)) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC (each, a Claim), whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or (ii) any violation 

9

or alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other state securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration of the Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such Losses are incurred and are due and payable as incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the relevant Investor or such relevant Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was timely made available by the Company; (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such Person from whom the Person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any other Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 8.

(b)In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, each Investor, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signedthe Initial Registration Statement or signs any New Registration Statement, and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, but Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the relevant Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company for use in such Registration Statement and reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of any Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages such Investor has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to Section 8. 

10

(c)Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person in respect to or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(d)The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it.

11

(e)The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7.CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

8.ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided, however, that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding shall not be required for such transaction. An Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more Persons in connection with the transfer of Registrable Securities by such Investor to such Person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such assignment is effected, and such Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein.

9.AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.

The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a written instrument executed by (a) the Company and (b) the holders of a majority the then outstanding Registrable Securities; provided that (i) any party may give a waiver as to itself, (ii) any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Investor or each Investor, as applicable, and (iii) any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver to Section 2(d), Section 6 or the definitions of Filing Deadline, Effectiveness Deadline or Registration Period shall require the prior written consent of each Investor. Notwithstanding 

12

the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors and that does not adversely directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates. 

10.MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day, (c) three days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt:

i.If to the Company, addressed as follows:

Immunovant, Inc.

[***]

Attention: [***]

Email: [***]

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

Cooley LLP

55 Hudson Yards

New York, NY 10001

Attention: [***]

Email: [***]

ii.If to any Investor, at its e-mail address or address set forth on its signature page to the Purchase Agreement or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 10.

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

(d)Governing Law. The provisions of Section 8.6 of the Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis.

(e)Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

13

(f)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

(g)Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(h)Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(i)No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as set forth in Section 8, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(j)Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

(k)Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement, the Company covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Investors under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation.

(l)Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may be available at law in the event of any breach of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled to specific 

14

performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company hereunder and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

(m)Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

[Signature Page Follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

COMPANY:

IMMUNOVANT, INC.

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

[***]

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[***] 

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Capital Trust: Fidelity Stock Selector

Small Cap Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Securities Fund: Fidelity Series Small Cap Opportunities Fund 

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***] 

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Advisor Series VII: Fidelity Advisor

Biotechnology Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity Series

Growth Company Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity

Growth Company Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Growth Company Commingled Pool

By: Fidelity Management Trust Company, as

Trustee

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust : Fidelity

Growth Company K6 Fund

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

Fidelity Select Portfolios: Biotechnology

Portfolio

By: /s/ [***] 

Name: [***]

Title: [***]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

Exhibit A

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 

The selling stockholders, which as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock or interests in shares of common stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock or interests in shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. 

The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein: 

distributions to members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders of the selling stockholders;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; 

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; 

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; 

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; 

privately negotiated transactions; 

short sales and settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part; 

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; 

broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; 

a combination of any such methods of sale; and 

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 

The selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act, amending the list of selling stockholders to include the 

1

pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling stockholders for purposes of this prospectus. 

In connection with the sale of our common stock or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 

The aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this offering. 

The selling stockholders also may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided that they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule, or another available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 

The selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the common stock or interests therein may be underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act (it being understood that the selling stockholders shall not be deemed to be underwriters solely as a result of their participation in this offering). Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

To the extent required, the shares of our common stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agent, dealer or underwriter, and any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus. 

In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the common stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with. 

2

We have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. 

We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares offered by this prospectus. 

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part to become effective and to remain continuously effective until the earlier of: (i) the date on which the selling stockholders shall have resold or otherwise disposed of all the shares covered by this prospectus and (ii) the date on which the shares covered by this prospectus no longer constitute Registrable Securities as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, such that they may be resold by the selling stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. 

3

Exhibit B

Investor Questionnaire

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Investor

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Investor:

Telephone:

4

E-Mail: _____________________________________________________________________

Contact Person:

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Investor.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Investor:

5

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name:

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE TO: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit99120250113.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

Immunovant Announces $450 Million Private Placement 

NEW YORK, January 13, 2025 Immunovant, Inc. (Nasdaq: IMVT), a clinical-stage immunology company dedicated to enabling normal lives for people with autoimmune diseases, today announced that it has agreed to sell an aggregate of 22,500,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $20.00 per share to three institutional accredited investors in a private investment in public equity (PIPE). Immunovant anticipates receiving aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $450 million from the PIPE. The PIPE is expected to close on or about January 15, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Immunovant expects to use the proceeds from the PIPE for the advancement of its development pipeline, working capital and other general corporate purposes.

We are excited to announce this significant financing from a U.S.-based healthcare focused investor, a large mutual fund complex, and Roivant, said Dr. Pete Salzmann, Chief Executive Officer of Immunovant. The additional capital will help us advance a broad development program for our lead asset IMVT-1402.

The offer and sale of the shares of common stock to be sold in the PIPE are being made in a transaction not involving a public offering, and the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any applicable state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. Immunovant has agreed to register the resale of the shares of common stock to be issued in the PIPE with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Immunovant, Inc.

Immunovant, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunology company dedicated to enabling normal lives for people with autoimmune diseases. As a trailblazer in anti-FcRn technology, the Company is developing innovative, targeted therapies to meet the complex and variable needs of people with autoimmune diseases. For additional information on Immunovant, please visit immunovant.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 as contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The use of words such as "can," may, might, will, would, should, expect, believe, estimate, design, plan, "intend," and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward looking statements include statements regarding the timing, size and completion of the PIPE and the anticipated use of proceeds from the PIPE. There are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and Immunovants plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information, such as those risks discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors set forth in Immunovants Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7, 2024, and Immunovants subsequent filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it was made. Immunovant undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Contact:

Renee Barnett, MBA

Chief Financial Officer 

Immunovant, Inc.

info@immunovant.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>imvt-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>imvt-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>imvt-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity Registrant Name IMMUNOVANT, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38906

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2771572

Entity Address, Address Line One 320 West 37th Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York,

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10018

City Area Code 917

Local Phone Number 580-3099

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol IMVT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001764013

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://immunovant.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

imvt-20250113.htm 
imvt-20250113.xsd 
imvt-20250113_lab.xml 
imvt-20250113_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001764013-25-000007-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>imvt-20250113_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001764013 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001764013 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
IMMUNOVANT, INC. 
DE 
001-38906 
83-2771572 
320 West 37th Street 
New York, 
NY 
10018 
917 
580-3099 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
IMVT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>