<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003023.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003023.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121160514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ocean Power Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001378140
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				222535818
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33417
		FILM NUMBER:		25542526

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 ENGELHARD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			MONROE TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08831
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-730-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 ENGELHARD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			MONROE TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ocean Power Technologies, INc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061012
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000137814000013781402025-01-162025-01-160001378140OPTT:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-01-162025-01-160001378140OPTT:SeriesPreferredStockPurchaseRightsMember2025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

Current
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
16, 2025

Ocean
Power Technologies, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-33417 22-2535818

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

28
Engelhard Drive,
Suite
BMonroe
Township,
New
Jersey

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

08831

(Zip
Code)

(609)730-0400

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CRF 240.133-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol (s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 Par Value OPTT NYSE
American

Series
A Preferred Stock Purchase Rights N/A NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item
1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Effective
January 16, 2025, in connection with his appointment as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Ocean Power Technologies,
Inc. (the Company) as described under Item 5.02 below, Tracy Pagliara entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment
Agreement) with the Company. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Pagliara will receive an annual base salary not to exceed
$300,000, is eligible for an annual, discretionary, performance-based bonus targeted at 50% of base salary on such terms and conditions
as may be determined by the Board of Directors (the Board) or its Compensation Committee, and is eligible to receive long-term
incentive equity based awards, pursuant to the Companys 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, subject to such terms and conditions as may
be determined by the Board or its Compensation Committee. At the time of signing the Employment Agreement, he received a one-time inducement
grant of 75,000 restricted stock units that vest, if at all, equally over two years.

If
Mr. Pagliara is terminated other than for cause (or Mr. Pagliara quits for good reason) within the first 12 months (but with Mr. Pagliara
having worked at least six months), he will receive three months of salary as severance, and if terminated other than for cause thereafter,
he will receive six months of salary as severance. Mr. Pagliara is also subject to covenants regarding non-competition, non-solicitation
and confidentiality.

The
foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement
which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1.

Item
5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement
of Certain Officers.

Effective
January 16, 2025, as noted in Item 1.01 above, Tracy Pagliara was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the
Company. Mr. Pagliara, age 62, is the President and CEO of TPAG Enterprises, LLC (TPAG), a sole member LLC providing legal
and financial consulting services. Through TPAG, he has been serving as the acting general counsel and corporate secretary of the Company,
on an independent contractor basis, since February 2024. From April 2018 to September 2023, Mr. Pagliara served as President and CEO
of Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. (f/k/a Global Power Equipment Group, Inc.) (NYSE American: WLMS), a publicly traded provider
of construction and maintenance services to power, energy and industrial customers (Williams). From July 2017 to April
2018, Mr. Pagliara served as Co-President and Co-CEO of Williams. Mr. Pagliara joined Williams in April 2010 as General Counsel, Secretary
and Vice President, Business Development and served in multiple other positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President,
Administration, prior to his appointment as Co-President and Co-CEO in July 2017. Mr. Pagliara has a B.S. in Accounting and a J.D. from
the University of Illinois. He is a member of the Missouri and Illinois State Bars and a Certified Public Accountant.

Item
5.07 Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

The
2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2024 Annual Meeting) of the Company, was held virtually on January 16, 2025 at
which time, following the determination that a quorum was present, the business of the 2024 Annual Meeting was conducted. The voting
results reported herein are the final, certified voting results for each proposal presented at
the 2024 Annual Meeting, as reported by Sodali & Co. LLC, the Inspector of Election appointed for the 2024 Annual Meeting.
At the 2024 Annual Meeting, the following five proposals were voted on by the stockholders of the Company:

1) To
elect as directors the five individuals named as the nominees of the Companys Board
of Directors (the Board) in the Companys revised definitive 2024 Annual
Meeting Proxy Statement to serve as directors until the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting) or until his or her respective successor
has been elected and qualified, or until the directors earlier death, resignation,
or removal.

2) To
approve an amendment and restatement of the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2015
Plan) to, among other things, extend the life of the 2015 Plan for an additional 10
years and to increase the number of shares of our common stock available for grant under
the 2015 Plan from 7,282,036 to 27,282,036;

3) To
ratify, by a non-binding advisory vote, the ratification of the selection of Moss Adams LLP
as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ending April 30, 2025; and

4) To
approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation for the Companys named executive
officers.

Proposal
1: Each of the five individuals named below under Name of Company Nominee was re-elected to the Board, to serve until
the 2025 Annual Meeting or until his or her respective successor has been elected and qualified, or until the directors earlier
death, resignation, or removal. As to each of the Companys nominees for director, the results of the voting were as follows:

Name
of Company

Nominee Number
of Votes

Voted For Number
of Votes

Withheld Number
of Broker Non-Votes

Terence
J. Cryan 18,468,579 1,511,542 27,685,441

Philipp
Stratmann 18,744,258 1,235,863 27,685,441

Clyde
W. Hewlett 18,743,582 1,236,539 27,685,441

Diana
G. Purcell 18,658,210 1,321,911 27,685,441

Peter
E. Slaiby 18,871,749 1,108,372 27,685,441

Proposal
2: The proposal to approve an amendment and restatement of the 2015 Plan to, among other things, extend the life of the 2015 Plan
for an additional 10 years and to increase the number of shares of our common stock available for grant under the 2015 Plan from 7,282,036
to 27,282,036 was approved and the voting results were as follows:

Number
of Votes

Voted For Number
of Votes

Voted Against Number
of Votes

Abstaining Number
of

Broker Non-Votes

17,070,449 2,493,774 415,898 27,685,441

Proposal
3: The proposal to ratify, by a non-binding advisory vote, the selection of Moss Adams LLP as the Companys independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2025 was approved and the voting results were as follows:

Number
of Votes

Voted For Number
of Votes

Voted Against Number
of Votes

Abstaining

45,113,403 1,688,101 864,508

Proposal
4: The proposal to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation of the Companys named executive officers was
approved and the voting results were as follows:

Number
of Votes

Voted For Number
of Votes

Voted Against Number
of Votes

Abstaining Number
of

Broker Non-Votes

17,115,765 2,330,012 534,345 27,685,441

Item
8.01 Other
Events.

On
January 17, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of an advisory board. A copy of the press release is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

On
January 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing a successful product demonstration in California. A copy of the press
release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

10.1 Employment
Agreement between the Company and Tracy Pagliara dated effective January 16, 2025.

99.1 Press
release dated January 17, 2025.

99.2 Press
release dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 21, 2025

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

/s/
Philipp Stratmann

Philipp
Stratmann

President
and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

and

TRACY
PAGLIARA

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (Agreement) is made as of this 16th day of January 2025 (the Effective Date) by and
between Ocean Power Technologies, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the Company), and Tracy Pagliara (Executive).

1.
Employment

The
effectiveness of this Agreement is conditioned upon the completion of a background investigation of the Executive to the satisfaction
of the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) as well as the Board of Directors (Board)
and Executive delivering to the Company on or before the Effective Date: (i) documentation evidencing Executives eligibility to
work in the U.S., and (ii) a fully completed and executed Form I-9 and the documentation contemplated by the Form I-9 evidencing his
identity and work authorization. During the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company will employ Executive and
Executive will serve as Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary, and in that capacity function as the Companys
general counsel reporting directly to the President and CEO.

2.
Duties and Responsibilities of Executive on the Effective Date

(a)
During the Employment Period, Executive will devote substantially all of his professional time and efforts to the business of the Company,
will act in the best interests of the Company and will perform with due care his duties and responsibilities. Executives duties
will include those commensurate with the position of Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary as well as such additional
duties and responsibilities as may be assigned to him by the CEO or the Board from time to time.

(b)
Executive agrees to cooperate fully with the CEO and Board and not engage directly or indirectly in any activity that materially interferes
with the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities. During the Employment Period, Executive will not hold outside
employment, join, be a member of or serve on any corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, or perform substantial personal
services for parties unrelated to the Company without the advance written approval of the CEO and the Nominating & Governance Committee
of the Board. Furthermore, Executive agrees to disclose to Company any such items as of the Effective Date.

(c)
Executive represents and covenants to the Company that he is not subject to, or a party to, any employment agreement, non-competition
covenant, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding or restriction that would
prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement.

1

(d)
Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company a duty of loyalty and that any obligations described in this Agreement
are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any obligations Executive owes the Company as a matter of law.

(e)
Executives base of operations will be at the Executives home office located in Irving, Texas. This work schedule may be
amended as needed and in compliance with Companys policies, which may be amended from time to time, including but not limited
to flexible working. Executive may be required to travel and work for extended periods of time outside of his base of operations including
but not limited to international travel.

3.
Compensation

(a)
Base Salary Commencing on the Effective Date and during the Employment Period, the Company will pay to Executive an annual base
salary of $300,000 (the Base Salary), which salary will be payable on a bi-weekly basis in conformity with the Companys
customary payroll practices for executive salaries. Executives Base Salary will be reviewed for adjustment by the CEO and the
Compensation Committee of the Board (Compensation Committee) annually, but not during the first year of employment, at
the time that the CEO and the Compensation Committee reviews salaries for other senior executives. For all purposes of this Agreement,
Executives Base Salary will include any portion thereof which Executive elects to defer under a nonqualified plan or arrangement,
if any.

(b)
Short-Term Incentive Bonus During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible for an annual, discretionary, performance-based
Short-Term Incentive (STI) cash bonus (the STI Bonus) targeted at 50% of Base Salary (which will be prorated
at 50% for fiscal year 2025) on such terms and conditions as may be determined by the CEO and the Board or the Compensation Committee.
The STI Bonus earned, if any, with respect to a fiscal year will be subject to the performance of Executive and the Company during such
fiscal year, relative to performance goals established for such fiscal year by the CEO and the Board or the Compensation Committee. The
Compensation Committee shall determine the level of attainment of performance goals and the amount of the STI Bonus following the end
of each fiscal year. Except as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement, Executive shall be eligible to receive the STI Bonus (if any)
provided that Executive is actively employed by the Company on the date the STI Bonus is paid. The Board will establish the STI goals
for fiscal year 2025 that are applicable to Executive, which may consist of the same STI goals for fiscal year 2025 that have already
been established for other senior executives.

(c)
Long-Term Incentive Compensation During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to receive equity based awards pursuant
to the Companys 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time, or such successor plan (the LTI),
subject to such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee (the Equity Awards).
The Equity Awards shall be subject to such restrictions, vesting and other conditions and limitations as set forth in the LTI and any
applicable award documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing and in light of the one-time RSU Award set forth in Section 3(d) below, the
Executive shall not be eligible for an Equity Award for fiscal year 2025 and shall not be eligible to participate in the LTI plan for
fiscal year 2025.

2

(d)
One-Time RSU Award Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee and the Board, the Company shall grant to Executive,
and Executive shall receive, a one-time grant of 75,000 shares of Company common stock in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) on
the Effective Date. The RSU Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the following schedule (subject to Executives continued
employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date) and will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the LTI
and any applicable award documents:

First
anniversary @ the grant date of RSU Award Second
Anniversary @ grant date of RSU Award

Time-based
vesting 1/4th
of the RSU Award 1/4th
of the RSU Award

Performance-based
vesting Annual bookings target as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board 1/4rd
of the RSU Award 1/43rd
of the RSU Award 

(e) Withholding
Executives Base Salary, STI Bonus, RSU Award, and other compensation payments hereunder will be subject to such payroll and
other taxes, withholdings, assessments and deductions as may be required by applicable law.

(f) Stock
Holding Guidelines Executive agrees that while Executive is employed under the terms of this Agreement, Executive will be
subject to the Companys Stock Holding Guidelines for Named Executive Officers and Directors, which may be amended from time
to time.

4.
Term of Employment

(a)
The initial Term of this Agreement will be for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending at midnight (Eastern Time) on the
first anniversary of the Effective Date. The Term will be extended automatically for successive one-year periods unless either party
gives the other written notice of its intent to terminate the Agreement not less than 90 days prior to the end of the then-current Term.
The initial Term and any extensions are hereinafter referred to as the Term. The date on which this Agreement is terminated
at the end of the Term or in accordance with Section 6 will be referred to herein as the the Termination Date.

(b)
The period commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the Termination Date will constitute the Employment
Period.

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated at any time during the Employment Period in accordance
with Section 6.

3

5.
Benefits

Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits during the Employment Period:

(a)
Reimbursement of Business Expenses The Company agrees to promptly reimburse Executive for reasonable business-related expenses
incurred in the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement upon receipt by the Company of proper documentation with
respect thereto (setting forth the amount, business purpose and establishing payment), subject to the Companys written expense
reimbursement policies and any written pre-approval policies in effect from time to time.

(b)
Benefit Plans and Programs To the extent permitted by applicable law, Executive (and where applicable, his plan-eligible dependents)
will be eligible to participate in all benefit plans and programs, including improvements or modifications of the same, then being actively
maintained by the Company for the benefit of its executive employees (or for an employee population which includes its executive employees),
subject in any event to the eligibility requirements and other terms and conditions of those plans and programs, including, without limitation,
401(k) plan, medical and dental insurance, life insurance and disability insurance. The Company will not, however, by reason of this
Section 5(b), have any obligation to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any such benefit plan
or program.

(c) Vacation
Executive shall be entitled to unlimited vacation time. Executive shall also be eligible for all other holiday and leave pay
generally available to other senior executives of the Company.

6.
Termination of Agreement

(a)
Automatic Termination in the Event of Death This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of Executives death.

(b)
Companys Right to Terminate At any time during the Employment Period, the Company will have the right to terminate this
Agreement for any of the following reasons:

(1) Upon
Executives Disability (as defined below);

(2) For
Cause (as defined in Section 7); or

(3) For
any other reason whatsoever, in the sole and complete discretion of the Company.

4

(c)
Executives Right to Terminate At any time during the Employment Period, Executive will have the right to terminate this
Agreement for:

(1) Good
Reason (as defined in Section 7); or

(2) For
any other reason whatsoever, in the sole and complete discretion of Executive.

(d) Disability
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means that Executive has sustained sickness or injury that renders
Executive incapable of performing substantially all of the duties and responsibilities required of Executive hereunder for a period
of 90 consecutive calendar days or a total of 120 calendar days during any 12-month period. The existence of a Disability will be
determined in the sole and reasonable discretion of the Board.

(e) Notices
Any termination of this Agreement by the Company under Section 6(b) or by Executive under Section 6(c) will be communicated by a
Notice of Termination to the other party. A Notice of Termination means a written notice that: (i) indicates the
specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon; and (ii) if the termination is by the Company for Cause or by
Executive for Good Reason, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of
Executives employment under the provision so indicated. The Notice of Termination must specify the Termination Date. A Notice
of Termination may be delivered (1) personally, (2) by a recognized express overnight courier service courier or delivery service
with signature by the recipient as established by the sender by evidence obtained from such courier, (3) by facsimile or email
transmission (with acknowledgement by recipient of complete transmission) or (4) by United States mail, registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. The Termination Date may be as early as 14 calendar days after the Notice of
Termination is given but no later than 60 calendar days after the Notice of Termination is given, unless otherwise agreed to by the
parties in writing.

(f)
Resignation from Positions Upon termination of this Agreement, Executive will immediately resign from all other positions that
Executive holds with the Company or its affiliates, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties. Executive agrees to cooperate
with the Company to take all actions reasonably necessary or appropriate to effectuate his resignation any other positions.

7.
Severance Payments

(a)
Termination by the Company Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 7(h) below, if the Company
terminates this Agreement during the first year having worked not less than six continuous months of the Employment Period pursuant to
Sections 6(b)(1) or 6(b)(3), then the Company will pay Executive severance in the amount of three months of Base Salary in a lump sum
within 30 days after the Termination Date subject to all applicable withholding. If the Company terminates this Agreement after the first
year of the Employment Period pursuant to Sections 6(b)(1) or 6(b)(3), then the Company will pay Executive severance in the amount of
six months of Base Salary in a lump sum within 60 days after the Termination Date subject to all applicable withholding. If termination
occurs pursuant to Section 7(c) then the provisions in Section 7(c) apply in lieu of the provisions contained in this Section 7(a).

5

(b)
Termination by Executive for Good Reason Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 7(h) below,
if Executive terminates this Agreement during the first year having worked not less than six continuous months of the Employment Period
pursuant to Section 6(c)(1), then the Company will pay Executive severance in the amount of three months of Base Salary in a lump sum
within 30 days after the Termination Date subject to all applicable withholding. If Executive terminates this Agreement after the first
year of the Employment Period pursuant to Section 6(c)(1), then the Company will pay Executive severance in the amount of six months
of Base Salary in a lump sum within 60 days after the Termination Date subject to all applicable withholding. If termination occurs pursuant
to Section 7(c) then the provisions in Section 7(c) apply in lieu of the provisions contained in this Section 7(b).

(c)
Termination after a Change of Control Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 7(h) below, if
a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and Executive is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b)(3) or Executive terminates this Agreement
during the Employment Period pursuant to Section 6(c)(1) within 90 days after such occurrence, then the Company will pay Executive severance
in the amount of three months of Base Salary in a lump sum within 60 days after the Termination Date subject to all applicable withholding.

(d)
Termination upon Failure to Renew by the Company Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 7(h)
below, in the event that this Agreement terminates at the end of the Term and is not renewed as a result of a decision by the Company
not to renew this Agreement, prior to a decision by Executive not to renew this Agreement, and the Executive terminates his employment
within 30 days after receiving notice of the non-renewal, the Company will pay Executive severance in the amount of three months of Base
Salary in a lump sum within 60 days after the Termination Date subject to all applicable withholding.

(e)
Additional Benefits Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 7(h) below, if the Company is required
to pay Executive severance pursuant to Section 7(a), 7(b), 7(c), or 7(d), then:

(1) Such
severance will be paid in addition to any other payments the Company makes to Executive (including,
without limitation, salary, any STI bonus, any LTI compensation, benefits, and expense reimbursements)
in discharge of the Companys obligations to Executive under this Agreement with respect
to periods ending coincident with or prior to the Termination Date.

(2) Payments
under Sections 7(a), 7(b), 7(c), or 7(d) will be in lieu of any severance benefits otherwise
due to Executive under any severance pay plan or program maintained by the Company that covers
its employees and/or its executives except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in
such severance pay plan or program.

(3) The
expiration date of any vested options held by Executive will be extended to a date that is
90 days after the Termination Date.

6

In
addition to the foregoing benefits but only in the event the Company is required to pay Executive severance by the express terms of Section
7(c) , to the extent Executive has not previously vested in such rights (whether in accordance with Section 8 hereof or otherwise), Executive
will become fully vested in all of the rights and interests held by Executive under the Companys stock and other equity plans
as of the Termination Date, including without limitation any stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units,
and/or performance shares.

(f) Cause
For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause means the occurrence or existence, prior to occurrence of circumstances
constituting Good Reason, of any of the following events during the Employment Period:

(1) Executives
gross negligence or material mismanagement in performing, or material failure or inability
(excluding as a result of death or Disability) to perform, Executives duties and responsibilities
as described herein or as lawfully directed by the President & CEO or the Board;

(2) Executives
willful misconduct or material dishonesty against the Company or any of its affiliates (including
theft, misappropriation, embezzlement, forgery, fraud, falsification of records, or misrepresentation)
or any act that results in material injury to the reputation, business or business relationships
of the Company or any of its affiliates;

(3) Executives
material breach of: (i) this Agreement (including any misrepresentations in connection with
the execution of the Agreement); (ii) any fiduciary duty owed by Executive to the Company
or its affiliates; or (iii) any written workplace policies applicable to Executive (including
the Companys code of conduct and policy on workplace harassment) whether adopted on
or after the date of this Agreement, provided that the Board gives Executive written notice
of such breach within 90 calendar days from the first date that the Board is aware, or reasonably
should be aware, of such breach.

(4) Executives
having been convicted of, or having entered a plea bargain, a plea of nolo contendere
or settlement admitting guilt for, any felony, any crime of moral turpitude, or any other
crime that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on the Companys
or any of its affiliates reputations; or

(5) Executives
having committed any material violation of any federal law regulating securities (without
having relied on the advice of the Companys attorney) or having been the subject of
any final order, judicial or administrative, obtained or issued by the Securities and Exchange
Commission, for any securities violation involving fraud, including, for example, any such
order consented to by Executive in which findings of facts or any legal conclusions establishing
liability are neither admitted nor denied.

7

(g)
Good Reason For the purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence, prior to the occurrence of circumstances
constituting Cause, of any of the following events during the Employment Period without Executives consent:

(1) Any
material breach by the Company of this Agreement;

(2) A
material reduction in Executives authority or job duties, responsibilities and requirements
that is inconsistent with Executives position as Senior Vice President, General Counsel
and Corporate Secretary of the Company and Executives prior authority, duties, responsibilities
and requirements; or

(3) A
material reduction in the Executives Base Salary or STI Bonus opportunity unless a
proportionate reduction is made to the Base Salary or STI Bonus opportunity of all of the
Companys executives.

Executive
must provide written notice of termination for Good Reason to the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the event constituting
Good Reason first occurs, which notice shall state such Good Reason in reasonable detail. The Company shall have a period of fifteen
(15) calendar days in which it may correct the act or failure to act that constitutes the grounds for Good Reason as set forth in Executives
notice of termination. If the Company does not correct the act or failure to act, Executive must terminate Executives employment
for Good Reason within fifteen (15) calendar days after the end of the cure period, in order for the termination to be considered a Good
Reason termination.

(h)
General Waiver and Release of Claims The receipt of any severance or other benefits pursuant to this Section 7 will be subject
to Executive timely executing and not revoking a general waiver and release of claims reasonably acceptable to the Company in its discretion
that becomes effective no later than sixty (60) calendar days following Executives Termination Date (such date, the Release
Effective Date). If the release does not become effective by the Release Effective Date, provided the Company has acted in good
faith, Executive will forfeit any rights to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement. To the extent that any severance payments
or benefits are non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A (as defined in Section 24 below) that is not otherwise
exempt from the application of Section 409A, and if the sixty (60) calendar day period referenced above spans two calendar years, then,
the payment of such amounts will not occur until the later of (i) the first payroll date to occur during the calendar year following
the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs or (ii) the Release Effective Date.

(i)
Exclusive Payments Except as provided above, no severance or other payment in the way of severance will be made to Executive upon
termination of this Agreement.

8

8.
Change of Control

(a)
If a Change of Control occurs during the Employment Period, Executive will thereupon become 100% vested in all of the rights and interests
then held by Executive under the Companys stock and other equity plans (to the extent not already vested), including without limitation
any stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, and/or performance shares.

(b)
Change of Control For the purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control means that, after the Effective Date, the
following two events have occurred: (1) the Executive (i) is requested to resign by the Company, (ii) is terminated by the Company without
Cause, or (iii) events or circumstances have occurred that constitute Good Reason; and (2) one of the following has occurred:
(i) any person or group of affiliated or associated persons acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the Company; (ii) the consummation
of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; (iii) the dissolution of the Company; (iv) a majority of the members
of the Board are replaced during any 12-month period; or (v) the consummation of any merger, consolidation, or reorganization involving
the Company in which, immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or reorganization (the Transaction),
less than 50.1% of the total voting power of outstanding stock of the surviving or resulting entity is then beneficially owned
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) in the aggregate by the stockholders of the
Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that if the Board, in its sole discretion,
approves the Transaction, such Transaction shall not be a Change of Control event.

9.
Conflicts of Interest

Executive
agrees that he will promptly disclose to the CEO and the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware
of such conflict. For sake of clarity but not be construed as an exclusive list of such conflicts, Executives ownership of any
interest in any business organization that competes directly or indirectly with the Company in the wave energy industry anywhere in the
world will be deemed to constitute a conflict of interest.

10.
Confidentiality

The
Company agrees to provide Executive valuable Confidential Information of the Company and of third parties who have supplied such information
to the Company. In consideration of such Confidential Information and other valuable consideration provided hereunder, Executive agrees
to comply with this Section 10.

9

(a)
Confidential Information For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means, without limitation
and regardless of whether such information or materials are expressly identified as confidential or proprietary: (i) any and all material
non-public, confidential or proprietary information or work product of the Company or its affiliates; (ii) any non-public information
that gives the Company or its affiliates a material competitive business advantage or the opportunity of obtaining such advantage; (iii)
any material non-public information the disclosure or improper use of which is reasonably expected to be materially detrimental to material
interests of the Company or its affiliates; (iv) any material trade secrets of the Company or its affiliates; and (v) any other material
non-public information of or regarding the Company or any of its affiliates, or its or their past, present or future, direct or indirect,
potential or actual officers, directors, employees, owners, or business partners, including but not limited to information regarding
any of their material businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, properties, systems, methods, models, processes, results, performance,
investments, investors, financial affairs, future plans, business prospects, acquisition or investment opportunities, strategies, business
partners, business relationships, contracts, contractual relationships, organizational or personnel matters, policies or procedures,
management or compensation matters, compliance or regulatory matters, as well as any technical, seismic, industry, market or other data,
studies or research, or any forecasts, projections, valuations, derivations or other analyses, performed, generated, collected, gathered,
synthesized, purchased or owned by, or otherwise in the possession of, the Company or its affiliates or which Executive has learned of
through his employment with the Company. Confidential Information also includes any non-public, confidential or proprietary information
about or belonging to any third party that the Company or its affiliates have agreed in writing to keep confidential. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include any information which is or becomes generally known by the public other than
as a result of Executives actions or inactions.

(b) Protection
Executive promises, except in the regular course of the Companys business or as required by law: (i) to keep Confidential
Information, and all documentation, materials and information relating thereto, strictly confidential; (ii) not to use the
Confidential Information for any purpose other than as required in connection with fulfilling his duties as Chief Financial Officer
for the benefit of the Company; and (iii) to return to the Company all documents and electronically stored information, including
but not limited to all Company issued electronic equipment, containing Confidential Information in Executives possession upon
separation from the Company for any reason.

(c)
Disclosure Required By Law If Executive is legally required to disclose any Confidential Information, Executive will promptly
notify the Company in writing of such request or requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order or other relief.
Executive agrees to cooperate with and not to oppose any effort by the Company to resist or narrow such request or to seek a protective
order or other appropriate remedy. In any case, Executive will: (i) disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that,
according to the advice of Executives counsel, is required to be disclosed (and Executives disclosure of Confidential Information
to Executives counsel in connection with obtaining such advice will not be a violation of this Agreement); (ii) use reasonable
efforts to obtain assurances that such Confidential Information will be treated confidentially; and (iii) promptly notify the Company
in writing of the items of Confidential Information so disclosed.

(d) Third-Party
Confidentiality Agreements To the extent that the Company possesses any Confidential Information which is subject to any
confidentiality agreements with, or obligations to, third parties, Executive will comply with all such agreements or obligations in
full.

(e) Survival
The covenants made by Executive in this Section 10, will survive termination of this Agreement for five (5) years following the
Termination Date.

10

11.
Non-Competition & Non-Solicitation

Executive
acknowledges that the Company has invested substantial time, money and resources in the development and retention of its Confidential
Information, customers, accounts and business partners, and further acknowledges that during the course of Executives employment
with the Company Executive has had and will have access to the Companys Confidential Information and will be introduced to existing
and prospective customers, suppliers, accounts and business partners of the Company. Executive acknowledges and agrees that any and all
goodwill associated with any existing or prospective customer, supplier, account or business partner belongs exclusively to the Company,
including, but not limited to, any goodwill created as a result of direct or indirect contacts or relationships between Executive and
any existing or prospective customers, suppliers accounts or business partners. Additionally, the parties acknowledge and agree
that Executive possesses skills that are special, unique or extraordinary and that the value of the Company depends upon his use of such
skills on its behalf.

In
recognition of the foregoing, Executive agrees that:

(a)
During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Executive may not, without the prior written consent
of the Company, (whether as an employee, agent, servant, owner, partner, consultant, independent contractor, representative, stockholder,
or in any other capacity whatsoever) perform any work anywhere in the world related in any way to the ocean energy and ocean data industry
on behalf of any entity or person other than the Company (including Executive). This includes a prohibition against performing work related
to products, services and technology sold by, or contemplated to be sold by, the Company.

(b)
During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Executive may not entice, solicit or encourage any Company
employee to leave the employ of the Company or any independent contractor to sever its engagement with the Company, absent prior written
consent from the Company.

(c)
During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Executive may not, directly or indirectly, entice, solicit
or encourage any customer, prospective customer, supplier or acquirer, acquiree, investor or other business relationship of the Company
to cease doing business with the Company, reduce its relationship with the Company or refrain from establishing or expanding a relationship
with the Company.

12.
Withholdings

The
Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement all federal, state, local and other taxes
as may be required pursuant to any applicable law or governmental regulation or ruling and any other deductions consented to in writing
by Executive.

11

13.
Severability

It
is the desire of the parties hereto that this Agreement be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law and should any provision contained
herein be held unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator (pursuant to Section 15), the parties hereby agree and
consent that such provision will be reformed to create a valid and enforceable provision to the maximum extent permitted by law; provided,
however, if such provision cannot be reformed, it will be deemed ineffective and deleted from this Agreement without affecting any other
provision of this Agreement.

14.
Title and Headings; Construction

Titles
and headings to Sections and paragraphs are for the purpose of reference only and will in no way limit, define or otherwise affect the
provisions of this Agreement. Any and all Exhibits referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made
a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and other compounds of
the word here will refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. Both parties to this Agreement
have approved all language in this Agreement and the language in this Agreement will not be strictly construed in favor of or against
either party.

15.
Forum Selection and Attorneys Fees

Any
legal or equitable actions filed by Executive or the Company to enforce the terms of this Agreement, or relating to any other legal or
equitable issues that arise between Executive and the Company either during or after Executives employment, shall exclusively
be filed in New Jersey State Superior Court (Middlesex County) or the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (Newark
Vicinage). Nothing in this paragraph precludes either party from seeking to remove a case filed in New Jersey Superior Court to U.S District
Court for the District of New Jersey. In any such action, the court may order the payment of a partys costs and expenses associated
with such action including, without limitation, expert fees and reasonable attorneys fees, should the court or jury issue a final
judgment in that partys favor, and the court/judge then determines (i) the party should be considered the prevailing party
based on the Courts determination that the party prevailed on the most substantial contested issues, and (ii) the opposing partys
claims or defenses lacked a good faith basis.

16.
Governing Law

This
Agreement and Release will be interpreted under, and governed by, the laws of the State of New Jersey, without reference to conflict
of laws principles.

12

17.
Entire Agreement and Amendment

This
Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to Executives employment and the other matters covered herein
(except to the extent that other agreements are specifically referenced herein); moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof and thereof. This Agreement
may be amended, waived or terminated only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto.

18.
Survival of Certain Provisions

Wherever
appropriate to the intention of the parties, the respective rights and obligations of the parties, including but not limited to the rights
and obligations set forth in Sections 6 through 15, will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason.

19.
Waiver of Breach

No
waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision
of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other
party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party to take any
action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues.

20.
Assignment

Neither
this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder will be assignable or otherwise subject to hypothecation by Executive (except
by will or by operation of the laws of intestate succession) or by the Company, except as follows. This Agreement shall bind any successor
of the Company, its assets or its businesses (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Agreement if no succession had taken place. In the case
of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Agreement, the Company
shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Companys obligations under this
Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.
The term Company, as used in this Agreement, shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee
to the business or assets which by reason hereof becomes bound by this Agreement.

13

21.
Notices

Notices
provided for in this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly received: (a) when delivered in person or sent
by facsimile or email transmission with receipt confirmed; (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by recognized express
overnight courier service or delivery service with signature by the recipient as established by the sender by evidence obtained from
such courier; or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid and addressed, to the following address, as applicable:

(a)
If to Company, addressed to: 28 Engelhard Drive, Suite B, Monroe Township, New Jersey, 08831; Attn: President & CEO.

(b)
If to Executive, addressed to: 609 Lake Point Drive, Irving, Texas 75039 or

(c)
To such other address as either party may have furnished to the other party in writing in accordance with this Section 21.

22.
Counterparts

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be an original, but all such
counterparts will together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple
signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties.

23.
Other Definitions

The
parties agree that as used in this Agreement the following terms will have the following meanings: an affiliate of a person
means any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such person; the terms controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or influence or
cause the direction or influence of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or other ownership interest or right,
by contract or otherwise) of a person; the term person means a natural person, partnership (general or limited), limited
liability Company, trust, estate, association, corporation, custodian, nominee, or any other individual or entity in its own or any representative
capacity, in each case, whether domestic or foreign.

24.
Section 409A

(i)
This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as may be amended, and the regulations and guidance
promulgated thereunder (Section 409A), to the extent applicable. Payments under the Agreement are intended to be exempt
from Section 409A under the short term deferral exemption, to the maximum extent applicable, and then under the separation
pay exemption, to the maximum extent applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, payments may only
be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A, to the extent applicable. As used in the Agreement,
the term termination of employment, resignation or words of similar import shall mean Executives separation
from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. In no event may Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar
year of a payment. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment and the right to a series
of payments shall be treated as the right to a series of separate payments. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under the
Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A.

14

(ii)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if payment of any amount subject to Section 409A is triggered by a separation from service
that occurs while Executive is a specified employee (as defined by Section 409A), and if such amount is scheduled to be
paid within six (6) months after such separation from service, the amount shall accrue without interest and shall be paid the first business
day after the end of such six-month period, or, if earlier, within sixty (60) days following Executives death. If any payments
are postponed due to such requirements, such postponed amounts will be paid in a lump sum to Executive on the first payroll date that
occurs after the date that is six months following Executives separation of service with the Company without interest.

25.
Full Settlement

The
Companys obligations, if any, to make payments to Executive under Section 7 will not be reduced by any failure of Executive to
seek other employment. The payments under Section 7 will not be reduced if Executive obtains other employment.

26.
Compensation Recovery Policy

Executive
agrees and acknowledges that amounts payable under Sections 3(b), 3(c) and 3(d) of this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of any
compensation recovery policy or policies established by the Company and approved by the Board as may be amended from time to time (to
the extent applicable).

27.
Indemnification and Directors and Officers Insurance

In
Executives capacity as a director, officer, or employee of the Company or serving or having served any other entity as a director,
officer, or employee at the Companys request, Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent
allowed by law, the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands,
actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Executive may be involved, or threatened to
be involved, as a party or otherwise by reason of Executives status, which relate to or arise out of the Company and such other
entities, their assets, business or affairs, if in each of the foregoing cases, (i) Executive acted in good faith and in a manner Executive
believed to be in the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
Executives conduct was unlawful, and (ii) Executives conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct.
The Company shall advance all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or
appeal of any civil or criminal action or proceeding referenced in this Section, including but not necessarily limited to, reasonable
fees of legal counsel, expert witnesses or other litigation-related expenses; however, any such advance of reasonable expenses shall
be recoverable by the Company if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the Executive was not subject to the indemnification
addressed in this Section 27.

15

Executive
and the Company have executed this Agreement to be effective for all purposes as of the Effective Date.

EXECUTIVE: OCEAN POWER
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.:

/s/ Tracy
Pagliara /s/ J.
Philipp Stratmann

Tracy Pagliara J. Philipp Stratmann

President & CEO

Ocean Power Technologies,
Inc.

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Ocean
Power Technologies Announces Appointment of Advisory Board Members to Support the Board of Directors

The
Appointment of a MIT Board of Trustees Member with Deep Cybersecurity and Government Contracting Experience and Two Highly Decorated
Naval Veterans as Advisory Board Members Underscores the Companys Commitment to US Government Projects

MONROE
TOWNSHIP, N.J., January 17, 2025 - Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. (OPT or the Company) (NYSE American: OPTT),
a leader in innovative and cost-effective low-carbon marine power, data, and service solutions, today announced that concurrent with
the completion of the Companys 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on January 16, 2025, the OPT Board of Directors has appointed
Natalie Lorenz-Anderson, Rear Admiral Joseph A. Digger DiGuardo and Rear Admiral Victorino Vic Mercado as
Advisory Board Members. The Advisory Board Members will provide advice and recommendations to the OPT Board with respect to matters as
the Board may from time-to-time request concerning operations, strategic plans and commercial plans.

Ms.
Lorenz-Anderson previously served as a member of the Board but elected not to stand for re-election at the 2024 Annual Meeting due to
increased demands on her time associated with other professional commitments, including her involvement in MIT. In addition, Mr. DiGuardo
and Mr. Mercado previously served as consultants to the Board. At the invitation of our Board, the Advisory Board Members may attend
Board meetings and selected Committee meetings. The Company will compensate Advisory Board Members for their services with equity grants
only, the amount and timing of which shall be determined by the Board at its discretion.

Terence
J. Cryan, Chairman of the Board of the Company expressed his enthusiasm for the Advisory Board Member appointments: We are excited
to have Natalie Lorenz-Anderson, Joseph Digger DiGuardo and Vic Mercado serve as Advisory Board Members. Their deep experience
with US government contracting, naval operations, cyber, and compliance will provide immeasurable benefits to our Board as the Company
continues to drive the implementation of its strategic plan, including the pursuit of government projects with the US Department of Defense
and the Department of Homeland Security.

See
below for biographical information about each of the Advisory Board Members, which we believe makes each of them a valuable addition
to the Company.

1

Natalie
Lorenz-Anderson has served on the Board of Directors since December 2021, but did not stand for re-election at the 2024 Annual Meeting
due to other professional commitments. Ms. Lorenz-Anderson is NACD Director Certified and was named as a Director to Watch by Boards
& Directors Magazine citing her expertise in Cybersecurity, Environment and Sustainability, and U.S. Government contracting. Ms.
Lorenz-Anderson has over 40 years of experie0nce with government contracting and various technology fields including cybersecurity, privacy,
risk management, information technology, energy, and solutions management across multiple markets including Defense, National Security,
Energy, Environment, and Health including 18 years as a Partner and Senior VP with Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. She is a limited partner
and advisory member of the Board of Safar Partners LLC, a seed-stage technology venture fund focusing on clean energy, AI, and health
sciences (since 2019), a Board director for 247Solar Inc, commercializing a combined heat and power solar energy solution for multiple
global markets (since 2021). She is the President of the MIT Alumni Association Board of Directors, and Ex-Officio member of the MIT
Board of Trustees as well as a member of the MIT Institute for Data, Systems and Society (IDSS) Visiting Committee. She previously served
as a member of the Whiting School of Engineering Advisory Board (2011-2022), and a member of the Board and Executive Committee (since
2008) and former Chair of the Board for AFCEA International, an association that enables military, government, industry and academia
to align technology to meet the needs of those who serve in critical areas, which include defense, security, cyber and intelligence (from
2008-2010), From 2017 to Present, Ms. Lorenz-Anderson has been working with 247Solar Inc, currently serving as the Chief Operating Officer.
From 1984 until 2017, Ms. Lorenz-Anderson enjoyed a career in Cybersecurity and DoD/classified markets business leader with Booz Allen
Hamilton, holding multiple US DoD clearances for over 30 years. Ms. Lorenz-Anderson obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical
Engineering from MIT in 1984 and Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from John Hopkins University in 1989.

Rear
Admiral Joseph A. Digger DiGuardo Jr. is a highly accomplished senior executive leader with over three decades of distinguished
service in national security, counterterrorism, and counter-proliferation. As a retired Rear Admiral in the U.S. Navy, Mr. DiGuardo culminated
his military career leading the Navy Expeditionary Combat Command (NECC), overseeing 20,000 active and reserve personnel and a budget
of $2.1B annually. His leadership spanned complex, high-risk operations, including special operations to Counter Weapons of Mass Destruction
(CWMD) mission, Counter Terrorism, Navy Expeditionary Operations and Fleet support worldwide. Prior to that he was the Director, U.S.
Special Operations Command (USSOCOM J10) Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) Directorate and the DoD CWMD Coordinating Authority
with responsibility to plan, assess, and recommend global CWMD priorities aligned to National Defense Strategy and coordinate with U.S.
Government and Foreign Agencies to disrupt state and non- state proliferation and terrorism.

Currently,
Mr. DiGuardo is the Principal of DiggerWorks Consulting, where he advises clients and Boards of Directors on National Security Strategy
and Policy, Unmanned Systems, Technology Integration, Counter WMD, Counter Proliferation/Non-Proliferation and U.S. Government priorities.
He is a Director at the Nevada National Security Sites (NNSS), a National Laboratory under the Department of Energy. He also serves as
a Fellow at the American College of National Security Leaders (ACNSL), responding to questions directly from the National Security Council
(NSC) and is the Warfare Chair of the Undersea Warfare Academic Group at the Naval Postgraduate School, further contributing to national
security thought leadership and academia.

2

Rear
Admiral Victorino Vic Mercado has served as a special advisor to our Board since November 2023. He served as U.S. Assistant
Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities from July 2019 to January 2021, after being confirmed by the U.S. Senate.
In this role, he was a principal advisor to the U.S. Department of Defense on national security and defense strategies, and the plans
and future capability investments required to implement the strategies. From January until July 2019, he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary
of Defense for Plans and Posture. Prior to serving in the U.S. Department of Defense as a senior civilian, he served 35 years in the
U.S. Navy and retired as a two-star Rear Admiral. His naval career included a range of senior command and staff positions.

His
last tour on active duty from September 2016 to August 2018 was as Director of Maritime Operations for the U.S. Pacific Fleet where he
managed the daily Navy operations within the worlds largest naval area of responsibility encompassing the West Coast of
the U.S. outward to the Indian Ocean. His other flag officer tours include Deputy Director, Surface Warfare Division (N96B) and Director,
Assessments Division (N81) on the staff of the Chief of Naval Operations, Vice Director, Strategy, Plans, and Policy at U.S. Central
Command and command of Carrier Strike Group 8.

His
military career includes a broad variety of significant assignments. In the Navy, he commanded Destroyer Squadron 21 and USS DECATUR
(DDG 73) where he was a member of the first aircraft carrier strike group to deploy from the U.S. in response to the terrorist attacks
of 9/11. On the Joint Staff, he served as the Joint Staff lead in the Joint Chiefs of Staff Strategy Group, as Assistant Deputy Director
of Global Strategic Partnerships (J-5), as Executive Assistant to the Director of Strategic Plans and Policy (J-5), and Executive Assistant
to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He also served as a National Defense Fellow for Senator Edward M. Kennedy and as the military
assistant to the Deputy Secretary of Defense.

He
is a National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Certified Director and is a member (since July 2021) of the Board of Directors
of Momentus Inc (NASDAQ: MNTS) where he chairs the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Security Committees of the Board. He is also
a Partner with IBM Federal Defense Consulting.

Inducement
Award Grant

In
connection with the completion of the 2024 Annual Meeting, the Company also granted an inducement award to Tracy Pagliara, the Companys
new Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary. This award was granted under the Ocean Power Technologies, Inc.
Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (the Plan), which was amended on February 11, 2022, to increase the shares of
Company common stock available for issuance pursuant to equity awards granted under the Plan to 275,000.

The
Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors granted the inducement award pursuant to Section 711 of the NYSE American
Company Guide, consisting of 75,000 restricted shares of the Companys common stock vesting equally over two years. The award is
subject to the same terms and conditions as the equity awards to other officers under the Companys amended and restated 2015 Omnibus
Incentive Plan. This award was made as an inducement, material to obtain the employees acceptance of employment with the Company.

3

ABOUT
OCEAN POWER TECHNOLOGIES

OPT
provides intelligent maritime solutions and services that enable safer, cleaner, and more productive ocean operations for the defense
and security, oil and gas, science and research, and offshore wind markets, including Merrows, which provides AI capable seamless integration
of Maritime Domain Awareness Systems across platforms. Our PowerBuoy platforms provide clean and reliable electric power and real-time
data communications for remote maritime and subsea applications. We also provide WAM-V autonomous surface vessels (ASVs) and marine
robotics services. The Companys headquarters is in Monroe Township, New Jersey, with an additional office in Richmond, California.
To learn more, visit www.OceanPowerTechnologies.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
release may contain forward-looking statements that are within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are identified by certain words or phrases such as may, will, aim,
will likely result, believe, expect, will continue, anticipate,
estimate, intend, plan, contemplate, seek to, future,
objective, goal, project, should, will pursue and similar expressions
or variations of such expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect the Companys current expectations about its future
plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and subject
to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement
made by the Company. Please refer to the Companys most recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K and subsequent filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission for further discussion of these risks and uncertainties. The
Company disclaims any obligation or intent to update the forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this release or to provide further interim updates in the future.

CONTACT
INFORMATION

Investors:
609-730-0400 x401 or InvestorRelations@oceanpowertech.com

Media:
609-730-0400 x402 or MediaRelations@oceanpowertech.com

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Ocean
Power Technologies Demonstrates Multi-Day Advanced Remote Survey Capabilities

Completion
of Exercises in California Illustrates Cost Efficient Autonomous Ocean Intelligence at Scale

MONROE
TOWNSHIP, NJ, January 21, 2025 - Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. (NYSE American: OPTT) (OPT or the Company),
a leader in innovative, cost-effective, low-carbon and artificial intelligence maritime services that enable safer and more productive
ocean operations and related power, data, and service solutions, today announced that it has completed a major set of exercises in California
and successfully demonstrated the autonomous capability of the WAM-V to provide offshore survey capabilities for multiple days without
needing to return to base.

During
the exercises, the WAM-V 22 operated for several days while hosting a complete seabed survey payload providing real time hydrographic
and survey data collection. This multi-day operational capability is designed to offer greater persistence at sea while hosting an array
of offshore instrumentation for longer and more power intensive requirements.

Philipp
Stratmann, CEO of Ocean Power Technologies, commented, This is a groundbreaking milestone for OPT. The technological capabilities
of our WAM-Vs can now be deployed for multiple days in over the horizon operations. Having previously demonstrated the ability to deploy
for multiple days, the recently implemented design changes now enable full operations over extended time periods. This opens up entirely
new operating approaches for our customers, leading to enhanced efficiencies and opening up new markets for OPT.

For
additional details on Ocean Power Technologies and their involvement in Project Overmatch, please visit www.oceanpowertechnologies.com.

ABOUT
OCEAN POWER TECHNOLOGIES

OPT
provides intelligent maritime solutions and services that enable safer, cleaner, and more productive ocean operations for the defense
and security, oil and gas, science and research, and offshore wind markets, including Merrows, which provides AI capable seamless
integration of Maritime Domain Awareness Systems across platforms. Our PowerBuoy platforms provide clean and reliable electric power
and real-time data communications for remote maritime and subsea applications. We also provide WAM-V autonomous surface vessels
(ASVs) and marine robotics services. The Companys headquarters is in Monroe Township, New Jersey and has an additional office
in Richmond, California. To learn more, visit www.OceanPowerTechnologies.com.

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
release may contain forward-looking statements that are within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are identified by certain words or phrases such as may, will, aim,
will likely result, believe, expect, will continue, anticipate,
estimate, intend, plan, contemplate, seek to, future,
objective, goal, project, should, will pursue and similar expressions
or variations of such expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect the Companys current expectations about its future
plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and subject
to risks and uncertainties, including the potential continuing success with the delivery of customer services over extended timeframes,
the conversion of potential customers to contracts and the realization of the potential revenue thereunder. Actual results could vary
materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement made by the Company. Please refer to the Companys
most recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K and subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for further discussion of these
risks and uncertainties. The Company disclaims any obligation or intent to update the forward-looking statements in order to reflect
events or circumstances after the date of this release.

Contact
Information

Investors:
203-561-6945 or investorrelations@oceanpowertech.com

Media:
609-730-0400 x402 or MediaRelations@oceanpowertech.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>optt-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>optt-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>optt-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 

Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>optt-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33417

Entity Registrant Name Ocean
Power Technologies, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001378140

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-2535818

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 28
Engelhard Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
B

Entity Address, City or Town Monroe
Township

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08831

City Area Code (609)

Local Phone Number 730-0400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol OPTT

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

Title of 12(b) Security Series
A Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=OPTT_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=OPTT_SeriesPreferredStockPurchaseRightsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://oceanpowertechnologies.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
optt-20250116.xsd 
optt-20250116_def.xml 
optt-20250116_lab.xml 
optt-20250116_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003023-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001378140 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001378140 

OPTT:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001378140 

OPTT:SeriesPreferredStockPurchaseRightsMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001378140 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. 
DE 
001-33417 
22-2535818 
28 Engelhard Drive 
Suite B 
Monroe Township 
NJ 
08831 
(609) 
730-0400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 
OPTT 
NYSEAMER 
Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>