<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-049998.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-049998.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307172717
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-049998
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alphatec Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001350653
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				202463898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52024
		FILM NUMBER:		25721337

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5818 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		760-431-9286

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5818 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d890647d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000135065300013506532025-03-072025-03-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 7, 2025

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 000-52024 20-2463898

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1950 Camino Vida Roble

Carlsbad, California92008

(Address of Registrants Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

(760)431-9286

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 ATEC The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry Into or Amendment of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Indenture and Notes 

On March 7, 2025, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (the Company) issued $405,000,000 principal amount of its 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of March 7, 2025, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the representatives of the initial purchasers of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchasers an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $55,000,000 principal amount of Notes. The Notes issued on March 7, 2025 include $55,000,000 principal amount of Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchasers of such option. 

The Notes will be the Companys senior, unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Companys existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Companys existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Companys subsidiaries. 

The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 0.75% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before September 17, 2029, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after September 17, 2029, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Companys election. However, until such time as the Company has increased the number of its authorized shares of common stock, or made other shares of its common stock available, to cover the full number of shares underlying the Notes, and has reserved those shares for issuance upon conversion of the Notes, the Company will be required to settle conversions in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, subject to a cap on the total number of shares deliverable upon conversion. The cap as of the date of this Current Report is an aggregate of 29,488,946 shares of common stock. The initial conversion rate is 64.3407 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $15.54 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 

On March 4, 2025, the Company entered into privately negotiated transactions for the repurchase of $253.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Companys outstanding 0.75% convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes) for approximately $268.4 million in cash. The shares of the Companys common stock that were reserved for issuance upon conversion of the repurchased 2026 Notes will become available for reservation upon conversion of the Notes upon completion of these repurchases. The cap figure referred to in the preceding paragraph includes 18,069,283 shares of common stock for the repurchases that settled on March 7, 2025. 

- 2 - 

The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at the Companys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after March 20, 2028 and on or before the 60th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if (i) the notes are Freely Tradable (as defined in the Indenture), and all accrued and unpaid additional interest, if any, has been paid, as of the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the last reported sale price per share of the Companys common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 

If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Companys common stock. 

The Notes will have customary provision relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Companys failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Companys failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Companys ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company in its obligation to convert a note in accordance with the Indenture upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect thereto, if not cured within two business days after its occurrence; (v) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least $35,000,000; (vii) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries for the payment of at least $35,000,000 where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within 60 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; and (viii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of the Companys significant subsidiaries. 

If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to 

- 3 - 

comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% on the principal amount of the Notes. 

The above description of the Indenture and the Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the Notes are filed as exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the Indenture and the Notes set forth in such exhibits. 

Capped Call Transactions 

On March 4, 2025, in connection with the pricing of the offering of the Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Base Capped Call Transactions) with Bank of Montreal, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Royal Bank of Canada, Truist Bank and UBS AG, London Branch (the Option Counterparties). In addition, on March 5, 2025, in connection with the initial purchasers exercise of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into additional capped call transactions (the Additional Capped Call Transactions, and, together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the Capped Call Transactions) with each of the Option Counterparties. The Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of the Companys common stock that initially underlie the Notes, and are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to the Companys common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, based on the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially $23.46, which represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock on March 4, 2025. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was approximately $42.5 million. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) in transactions not involving any public offering. The Notes were resold by the initial purchasers to persons whom the initial purchasers reasonably believe are qualified institutional buyers, as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Companys common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, and without regard to the cap referred to above, a maximum of 34,526,817 shares of the Companys common stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 85.2514 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

- 4 - 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2025, between Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.2 Form of certificate representing the 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) 

10.1 Form of Confirmation of Capped Call Transaction. 

104 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the inline XBRL document).

- 5 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: March 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ J. Todd Koning

Name: J. Todd Koning

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d890647dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 7, 2025 

0.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Article 1. Definitions; Rules of Construction 1 

Section 1.01. Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. Other Definitions 15 

Section 1.03. Rules of Construction 15 

Article 2. The Notes 16 

Section 2.01. Form, Dating and Denominations 16 

Section 2.02. Execution, Authentication and Delivery 17 

Section 2.03. Initial Notes and Additional Notes 17 

Section 2.04. Method of Payment 18 

Section 2.05. Accrual of Interest; Defaulted Amounts; When Payment Date is Not a Business Day 18 

Section 2.06. Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent 20 

Section 2.07. Paying Agent and Conversion Agent to Hold Property in Trust 21 

Section 2.08. Holder Lists 21 

Section 2.09. Legends 21 

Section 2.10. Transfers and Exchanges; Certain Transfer Restrictions 22 

Section 2.11. Exchange and Cancellation of Notes to Be Converted or to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption 27 

Section 2.12. Removal of Transfer Restrictions 28 

Section 2.13. Replacement Notes 28 

Section 2.14. Registered Holders; Certain Rights with Respect to Global Notes 29 

Section 2.15. Cancellation 29 

Section 2.16. Notes Held by the Company or its Affiliates 29 

Section 2.17. Temporary Notes 29 

Section 2.18. Outstanding Notes 30 

Section 2.19. Repurchases by the Company 30 

Section 2.20. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 31 

Article 3. Covenants 31 

Section 3.01. Payment on Notes 31 

Section 3.02. Exchange Act Reports 31 

Section 3.03. Rule 144A Information 32 

Section 3.04. Additional Interest 32 

Section 3.05. Compliance and Default Certificates 34 

Section 3.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 35 

Section 3.07. Acquisition of Notes by the Company and its Affiliates 35 

Section 3.08. Increase of Authorized Shares; Authorized Share Effective Date 35 

- i - 

Article 4. Repurchase and Redemption 36 

Section 4.01. No Sinking Fund 36 

Section 4.02. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes upon a Fundamental Change 36 

Section 4.03. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes 40 

Article 5. Conversion 43 

Section 5.01. Right to Convert 43 

Section 5.02. Conversion Procedures 47 

Section 5.03. Settlement Upon Conversion 49 

Section 5.04. Reserve and Status of Common Stock Issued Upon Conversion 53 

Section 5.05. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate 54 

Section 5.06. Voluntary Adjustments 64 

Section 5.07. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate in Connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change 64 

Section 5.08. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 66 

Section 5.09. Effect of Common Stock Change Event 66 

Article 6. Successors 68 

Section 6.01. When the Company May Merge, Etc. 68 

Section 6.02. Successor Entity Substituted 69 

Section 6.03. Exclusion for Asset Transfers with Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 69 

Article 7. Defaults and Remedies 69 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 69 

Section 7.02. Acceleration 71 

Section 7.03. Sole Remedy for a Failure to Report 72 

Section 7.04. Other Remedies 73 

Section 7.05. Waiver of Past Defaults 73 

Section 7.06. Cure of Defaults; Ability to Cure or Waive Before Event of Default Occurs 73 

Section 7.07. Control by Majority 74 

Section 7.08. Limitation on Suits 74 

Section 7.09. Absolute Right of Holders to Institute Suit for the Enforcement of the Right to Receive Payment and Conversion Consideration 75 

Section 7.10. Collection Suit by Trustee 75 

Section 7.11. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 75 

Section 7.12. Priorities 76 

Section 7.13. Undertaking for Costs 76 

Article 8. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 76 

Section 8.01. Without the Consent of Holders 76 

Section 8.02. With the Consent of Holders 78 

Section 8.03. Notice of Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 78 

Section 8.04. Revocation, Effect and Solicitation of Consents; Special Record Dates; Etc. 79 

Section 8.05. Notations and Exchanges 79 

Section 8.06. Trustee to Execute Supplemental Indentures 80 

- ii - 

Article 9. Satisfaction and Discharge 80 

Section 9.01. Termination of Companys Obligations 80 

Section 9.02. Repayment to Company 80 

Section 9.03. Reinstatement 81 

Article 10. Trustee 81 

Section 10.01. Duties of the Trustee 81 

Section 10.02. Rights of the Trustee 82 

Section 10.03. Individual Rights of the Trustee 83 

Section 10.04. Trustees Disclaimer 83 

Section 10.05. Notice of Defaults 84 

Section 10.06. Compensation and Indemnity 84 

Section 10.07. Replacement of the Trustee 85 

Section 10.08. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 86 

Section 10.09. Eligibility; Disqualification 86 

Article 11. Miscellaneous 86 

Section 11.01. Notices 86 

Section 11.02. Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as to Conditions Precedent 88 

Section 11.03. Statements Required in Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel 88 

Section 11.04. Rules by the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent 89 

Section 11.05. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 89 

Section 11.06. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 89 

Section 11.07. Submission to Jurisdiction 89 

Section 11.08. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 90 

Section 11.09. Successors 90 

Section 11.10. Force Majeure 90 

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT Act 90 

Section 11.12. Calculations 90 

Section 11.13. Severability 91 

Section 11.14. Counterparts 91 

Section 11.15. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 91 

Section 11.16. Withholding Taxes 91 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A: Form of Note A-1 

Exhibit B-1: Form of Restricted Note
Legend B1-1 

Exhibit B-2: Form of Global Note
Legend B2-1 

Exhibit B-3: Form of Non-Affiliate Legend B3-1 

- iii - 

INDENTURE, dated as of March 7, 2025, between Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

Each party to this Indenture (as defined below) agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of
the Holders (as defined below) of the Companys 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes). 

Article 1.
DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

Section 1.01. DEFINITIONS. 

2026 Notes means the Companys 0.75% convertible senior notes due 2026. 

Additional Interest means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to Section 3.04. 

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 144 as in effect on the Issue Date. 

Aggregate Share Cap means a number of shares of the Companys Common Stock equal to the Base Available Number of
Shares; provided, however, that if, on or after March 7, 2025, any 2026 Notes are cancelled or otherwise cease to be outstanding upon their repurchase by the Company (including in the repurchase transactions described in the
Companys preliminary offering memorandum, dated March 3, 2025, related to the offering of the Notes, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet, dated March 4, 2025, if they are consummated), redemption, conversion or
maturity, then, effective as of such cancellation or cessation, as applicable, and without duplication, the Aggregate Share Cap will be increased by the actual number of shares of Common Stock, if any, that become available as a result of such
cancellation or cessation, as applicable, for the Company to reserve for issuance upon conversion of the Notes; provided, further, that the Aggregate Share Cap will be subject to proportionate adjustment for stock dividends, stock
splits or stock combinations with respect to the Common Stock. 

Authorized Denomination means, with respect to a Note,
a minimum principal amount thereof equal to $1,000 and principal amount denominations of any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar U.S. federal or state or
non-U.S. law for the relief of debtors. 

Base Available Number of Shares means
11,419,663 shares of Common Stock (subject to proportionate adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits or stock combinations with respect to the Common Stock). 

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Person who is required to obtain bids for the Trading Price in accordance with
Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price. The initial Bid Solicitation Agent on the Issue Date will be the Company; provided, however, that the Company may appoint any other Person
(including any of the Companys Subsidiaries) to be the Bid Solicitation Agent at any time after the Issue Date without prior notice. 

- 1 - 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a
committee of such board duly authorized to act on behalf of such board. 

Business Day means any day other than a
Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares of, interests in, rights to purchase, warrants or options for,
participations in, or other equivalents of, in each case however designated, the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, such equity. 

Capped Call Transactions means the capped call transactions the Company entered into in connection with the issuance of the
Initial Notes. 

Capped Net Share Settlement means Combination Settlement where (i) the Specified Dollar Amount is
equal to $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; and (ii) the Daily Share Amount is subject to the Daily Share Cap (in the manner set forth in the proviso to the definition of Daily Share Amount below). 

Close of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

Common Stock means the common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company, subject to
Section 5.09. 

Company means the Person named as such in the first paragraph of this
Indenture and, subject to Article 6, its successors and assigns. 

Company Order means a written request or order
signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers and delivered to the Trustee. 

Conversion Date means,
with respect to a Note, the first Business Day on which the requirements set forth in Section 5.02(A) to convert such Note are satisfied, subject to Section 5.03(C). 

Conversion Price means, as of any time, an amount equal to (A) one thousand dollars ($1,000) divided by
(B) the Conversion Rate in effect at such time. 

Conversion Rate initially means 64.3407 shares of Common Stock
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that the Conversion Rate is subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 5; provided, further, that whenever this Indenture refers to the Conversion Rate as of
a particular date without setting forth a particular time on such date, such reference will be deemed to be to the Conversion Rate immediately after the Close of Business on such date. 

- 2 - 

Conversion Share means any share of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of any Note. 

Daily Cash Amount means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the lesser of (A) the
applicable Daily Maximum Cash Amount; and (B) the Daily Conversion Value for such VWAP Trading Day. 

Daily Conversion
Value means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, one-sixtieth (1/60th) of the product of (A) the Conversion Rate on such VWAP Trading Day; and (B) the Daily VWAP per share of Common Stock
on such VWAP Trading Day. 

Daily Maximum Cash Amount means, with respect to the conversion of any Note, the quotient
obtained by dividing (A) the Specified Dollar Amount applicable to such conversion by (B) sixty (60). 

Daily Share
Amount means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day during the Observation Period for the conversion of any Note, the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the excess, if any, of the Daily Conversion Value for such VWAP Trading Day over
the applicable Daily Maximum Cash Amount by (B) the Daily VWAP for such VWAP Trading Day (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Daily Share Amount will be zero for such VWAP Trading Day if such Daily Conversion Value does
not exceed such Daily Maximum Cash Amount); provided, however, that (i) if Capped Net Share Settlement applies to such conversion, and such VWAP Trading Day occurs before the Reserved Share Effective Date, then in no event will
the Daily Share Amount for such VWAP Trading Day exceed the Daily Share Cap applicable to such conversion; and (ii) clause (i) will not apply at any time on or after the effective date of a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference
Property does not include Common Stock of the Company. 

Daily Share Cap means, with respect to the conversion of any
Note (such Note being referred to as the reference Note for purposes of this definition), a number of shares of Common Stock, rounded down to the nearest 1/10,000th of a share, equal to: 

where: 

AC = the Aggregate Share Cap as of the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for the reference Note;

- 3 - 

S = the excess, if any, of (A) the actual aggregate number of shares of Common Stock (subject to proportionate adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits or stock combinations with respect to the Common Stock) that were issued or
otherwise delivered upon settlement of all converted Notes referred to in clause (B) of the definition of n below, over (B) the number of shares of Common Stock (subject to proportionate adjustment for stock dividends, stock
splits or stock combinations with respect to the Common Stock), if any, actually received by the Company under the Capped Call Transactions (as the same may be amended) in connection with the converted Notes referred to in clause
(A);

O = sixty (60);

N = the Notional Aggregate Principal Amount; and

n = the aggregate principal amount of all Notes (excluding the reference Note), if any, that either (A) have been repurchased (including in connection with a Fundamental Change), redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Company or its
Subsidiaries and cancelled before the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for the reference Note; or (B) have been converted and the settlement thereof has occurred before the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for the reference
Note.

Daily VWAP means, for any VWAP Trading Day, the per share volume-weighted average
price of the Common Stock as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page ATEC AQR (or, if such page is not available, its equivalent successor page) in respect of the period from the scheduled
open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such VWAP Trading Day (or, if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of Common Stock on such VWAP Trading Day,
determined, using a volume-weighted average price method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company, which may include any of the Initial Purchasers). The Daily VWAP will be determined without regard to
after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session. 

De-Legending Deadline Date means, with respect to any Note, the fifteenth (15th)
day after the Free Trade Date of such Note; provided, however, that if such fifteenth (15th) day is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately after the next Interest Payment Date, then the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note will instead be the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date. 

Default means any event that is (or, after notice, passage of time or both, would be) an Event of Default. 

Default Settlement Method has the following meaning with respect to any conversion: (i) if the Conversion Date for
such conversion is before the Reserved Share Effective Date, Capped Net Share Settlement; and (ii) in all other cases, Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount of $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided,
however, that (x) subject to Section 5.03(A)(iii), the Company may, from time to time, change the Default Settlement Method by sending notice of the new Default Settlement Method to the Holders, the Trustee and
the Conversion Agent (it being understood that no such change will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to this Indenture); and (y) the Default Settlement Method will be
subject to Section 5.03(A)(ii). 

- 4 - 

Depositary means The Depository Trust Company or its successor. 

Depositary Participant means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary. 

Depositary Procedures means, with respect to any conversion, transfer, exchange or transaction involving a Global Note or
any beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of the Depositary applicable to such conversion, transfer, exchange or transaction. 

Ex-Dividend Date means, with respect to an issuance, dividend or distribution on
the Common Stock, the first date on which shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance, dividend or distribution (including pursuant to due bills or
similar arrangements required by the relevant stock exchange). For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not
be considered regular way for this purpose. 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

Exempted Fundamental Change means any Fundamental Change with respect to which, in accordance with
Section 4.02(I), the Company does not offer to repurchase any Notes. 

Free Trade Date means,
with respect to any Note, the date that is one (1) year after the Last Original Issue Date of such Note. 

Freely
Tradable means, with respect to any Note, that such Note would be eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise if held by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company, and that has not been an
Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice under the Securities Act (except that, during the six
(6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six (6) months after the Last Original Issue Date of such Note, any such requirement as to the availability of current public information will be disregarded if the same is
satisfied at that time); provided, however, that from and after the Free Trade Date of such Note, such Note will not be Freely Tradable unless such Note (x) is not identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN
number; and (y) is not represented by any certificate that bears the Restricted Note Legend. For the avoidance of doubt, whether a Note is deemed to be identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number or to bear the Restricted Note
Legend is subject to Section 2.12. 

Fundamental Change means any of the following events:

- 5 - 

(A) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, or their respective employee benefit plans, files any report with the SEC indicating that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial
owner (as defined below) of shares of the Common Stock representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the Companys Common Stock; 

(B) the consummation of (i) any sale, lease or other transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, other than solely to one or more of the Companys Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; or (ii) any transaction or series of related transactions in connection
with which (whether by means of merger, consolidation, share exchange, combination, reclassification, recapitalization, acquisition, liquidation or otherwise) all of the Common Stock is exchanged for, converted into, acquired for, or constitutes
solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property; provided, however, that any merger, consolidation, share exchange or combination of the Company pursuant to which the Persons that directly or indirectly
beneficially owned (as defined below) all classes of the Companys common equity immediately before such transaction directly or indirectly beneficially own, immediately after such transaction, more than fifty percent
(50%) of all classes of common equity of the surviving, continuing or acquiring company or other transferee, as applicable, or the parent thereof, in substantially the same proportions
vis--vis each other as immediately before such transaction will be deemed not to be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (B); 

(C) the Companys stockholders approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 

(D) the Common Stock ceases to be listed on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Market or The NASDAQ Global Select Market
(or any of their respective successors); 

provided, however, that a transaction or event described in clause (A) or (B)
above will not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least ninety percent (90%) of the consideration received or to be received by the holders of Common Stock (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to dissenters rights), in
connection with such transaction or event, consists of shares of common stock or other corporate common equity interests listed (or depositary receipts representing shares of common stock or other corporate common equity interests, which depositary
receipts are listed) on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Market or The NASDAQ Global Select Market (or any of their respective successors), or that will be so listed when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction
or event, and such transaction or event constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists of such consideration. 

For the avoidance of doubt, references in this definition to the Company, the Common Stock and the Companys common equity
will be subject to (x) Article 6 and (y) Section 5.09(A)(1)(III). 

- 6 - 

For the purposes of this definition, (x) any transaction or event described in both
clause (A) and in clause (B)(i) or (ii) above (without regard to the proviso in clause (B)) will be deemed to occur solely pursuant to clause (B) above (subject to such proviso); and (y) whether
a Person is a beneficial owner, whether shares are beneficially owned, and percentage beneficial ownership, will be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act. 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date means the date fixed for the repurchase of any Notes by the Company
pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change. 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means a notice (including a
notice substantially in the form of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice set forth in Exhibit A) containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in
Section 4.02(F)(i) and Section 4.02(F)(ii). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price means the cash price payable by the Company to repurchase any Note upon its Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, calculated pursuant to Section 4.02(D). 

Global Note means a Note that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, and deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary. 

Global Note Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit
B-2. 

Holder means a person in whose name a Note is registered on the
Registrars books. 

Indenture means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Initial Purchasers means the initial purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement. 

Interest Payment Date means, with respect to a Note, each March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on
September 15, 2025 (or commencing on such other date specified in the certificate representing such Note). For the avoidance of doubt, the Maturity Date is an Interest Payment Date. 

Issue Date means March 7, 2025. 

Last Original Issue Date means (A) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including any
Notes issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe Option by the Initial Purchasers), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the last date any Notes are originally
issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe Option; and (B) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.03(B), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either (i) the later
of (x) the date such Notes are originally issued and (y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchaser(s) of such Notes to purchase
additional Notes; or (ii) such other date as is specified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes. 

- 7 - 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for any Trading Day means
the closing sale price per share (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the last bid price and the last ask price per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last bid prices and the average last ask
prices per share) of Common Stock on such Trading Day as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. If the Common Stock is not listed on a U.S.
national or regional securities exchange on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the last quoted bid price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day in the
over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported
Sale Price will be the average of the mid-point of the last bid price and the last ask price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day from a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm
selected by the Company, which may include any of the Initial Purchasers. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any duty to determine the Last Reported Sale Price. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means (A) a Fundamental Change (determined after giving effect to the proviso
immediately after clause (D) of the definition thereof, but without regard to the proviso to clause (B)(ii) of such definition); or (B) the sending of a Redemption Notice pursuant to Section 4.03(F);
provided, however, that, subject to Section 4.03(I), the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called for Redemption pursuant to such
Redemption Notice and not with respect to any other Notes. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period has the
following meaning: 

(A) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof, the
period from, and including, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change to, and including, the thirty fifth (35th) Trading Day after such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date (or, if such Make-Whole
Fundamental Change also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date); and 

(B) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the period from, and
including, the Redemption Notice Date for the related Redemption to, and including, the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the related Redemption Date; 

provided, however, that if the Conversion Date for the conversion of a Note that has been called (or deemed, pursuant to
Section 4.03(I), to be called) for Redemption occurs during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for both a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition of
Make-Whole Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change resulting from such Redemption pursuant to clause (B) of 

- 8 - 

such definition, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.07, solely for purposes of such conversion, (x) such Conversion Date will be deemed to
occur solely during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with the earlier Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date; and (y) the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with the later Make-Whole
Fundamental Change Effective Date will be deemed not to have occurred. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date
means (A) with respect to a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof, the date on which such Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective; and (B) with respect to a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the applicable Redemption Notice Date. 

Market
Disruption Event means, with respect to any date, the occurrence or existence, during the one-half hour period ending at the scheduled close of trading on such date on the principal U.S. national or
regional securities exchange or other market on which the Common Stock is listed for trading or trades, of any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange
or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock. 

Maturity
Date means March 15, 2030. 

Non-Affiliate Legend means a legend
substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-3. 

Note Agent means
any Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent. 

Notes means the 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 issued by the
Company pursuant to this Indenture. 

Notional Aggregate Principal Amount means four hundred and five million dollars
($405,000,000). 

Observation Period means, with respect to any Note to be converted, (A) subject to clause
(B) below, if the Conversion Date for such Note occurs before September 17, 2029, the sixty (60) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the third (3rd) VWAP Trading Day immediately after such Conversion Date;
(B) if such Conversion Date occurs on or after the date the Company has sent a Redemption Notice calling all or any Notes for Redemption pursuant to Section 4.03(F) and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before
the related Redemption Date, the sixty (60) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the sixty-first (61st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Date; and (C) subject to clause (B) above,
if such Conversion Date occurs on or after September 17, 2029, the sixty (60) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the sixty-first (61st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date. 

- 9 - 

Officer means the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of the Company. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate that is signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers and
that meets the requirements of Section 11.03. 

Open of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York
City time. 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion, from legal counsel (including an employee of, or counsel to, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries) reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that meets the requirements of Section 11.03, subject to customary qualifications and exclusions. 

Person or person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or series of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will constitute a
separate person under this Indenture. 

Physical Note means a Note (other than a Global Note) that is
represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Holder of such Note and duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee. 

Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated March 4, 2025, between the Company and, as
representatives of the Initial Purchasers, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Leerink Partners LLC. 

Qualified Successor
Entity means, with respect to a Business Combination Event, a corporation; provided, however, that a limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity will also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity
with respect to such Business Combination Event if either (A) such Business Combination Event is an Exempted Fundamental Change; or (B) both of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) either (x) such limited liability company,
limited partnership or other similar entity, as applicable, is treated as a corporation or is a direct or indirect, Wholly Owned Subsidiary of, and disregarded as an entity separate from, a corporation, in each case for U.S. federal income tax
purposes; or (y) the Company has received an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the effect that such Business Combination Event will not be treated as an exchange under Section 1001 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, for Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes; and (ii) such Business Combination Event constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists solely of any combination of cash in U.S. dollars and shares of common
stock or other corporate common equity interests of an entity that is (x) treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (y) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or
the District of Columbia; and (z) the direct or indirect parent of such limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity. 

Redemption means the repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to Section 4.03. 

- 10 - 

Redemption Date means the date fixed, pursuant to
Section 4.03(D), for the settlement of the repurchase of any Notes by the Company pursuant to a Redemption. 

Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to a Redemption, the date on which the Company sends the Redemption Notice for
such Redemption pursuant to Section 4.03(F). 

Redemption Price means the cash price payable
by the Company to redeem any Note upon its Redemption, calculated pursuant to Section 4.03(E). 

Regular
Record Date has the following meaning with respect to an Interest Payment Date: (A) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on March 15, the immediately preceding March 1; and (B) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on
September 15, the immediately preceding September 1. 

Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change means the repurchase of
any Note by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. 

Responsible Officer means (A) any
officer within the corporate trust group of the Trustee (or any successor group of the Trustee) or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of such officers; and (B) with respect to a
particular corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of, and familiarity with, the particular subject, and who, in each case, has direct responsibility for
the administration of this Indenture. 

Restricted Note Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in
Exhibit B-1. 

Restricted Stock Legend means, with respect to any
Conversion Share, a legend substantially to the effect that the offer and sale of such Conversion Share have not been registered under the Securities Act and that such Conversion Share cannot be sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to a
transaction that is registered under the Securities Act or that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to
time. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended
from time to time. 

Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S.
national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded.
If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 

- 11 - 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security means any Note or Conversion Share. 

Settlement Method means Cash Settlement, Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement. 

Shoe Option means the Initial Purchasers option to purchase up to fifty five million dollars ($55,000,000) aggregate
principal amount of additional Notes as provided for in the Purchase Agreement. 

Significant Subsidiary means, with
respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person that constitutes a significant subsidiary (as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the
Exchange Act) of such Person; provided, however, that, if a Subsidiary meets the criteria of clause (1)(iii), but not clause (1)(i) or (1)(ii), of the definition of significant subsidiary in Rule 1-02(w), then such Subsidiary will be deemed not to be a Significant Subsidiary unless such Subsidiarys income from continuing operations before income taxes, exclusive of amounts attributable to any non-controlling interests, for the last completed fiscal year before the date of determination exceeds thirty five million dollars ($35,000,000). 

Special Interest means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to Section 7.03. 

Specified Dollar Amount means, with respect to the conversion of a Note to which Combination Settlement applies, the
maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of such Note deliverable upon such conversion (excluding cash in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock). 

Stock Price has the following meaning for any Make-Whole Fundamental Change: (A) if the holders of Common Stock
receive only cash in consideration for their shares of Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change and such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is pursuant to clause (B) of the definition of Fundamental Change, then the
Stock Price is the amount of cash paid per share of Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change; and (B) in all other cases, the Stock Price is the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the five
(5) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (A) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a
partnership or limited liability company) of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency, but after giving effect to any voting agreement or
stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business entity is owned or

- 12 - 

controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (B) any partnership or limited liability company where (i) more than
fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity and voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company are owned or controlled, directly or
indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (ii) such Person or any one
or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership or limited liability company. 

Trading Day means any day on which (A) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or
regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded; and
(B) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Trading Price of the Notes on any Trading Day means the average of the secondary market bid quotations, expressed as a cash
amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for five million dollars ($5,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time,
on such Trading Day from three (3) nationally recognized independent securities dealers selected by the Company, which may include any of the Initial Purchasers; provided, however, that, if three (3) such bids cannot
reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two (2) such bids are obtained, then the average of the two (2) bids will be used, and if only one (1) such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, then
that one (1) bid will be used. If, on any Trading Day, (A) the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one (1) bid for five million dollars ($5,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in principal
amount of Notes from a nationally recognized independent securities dealer; (B) the Company is not acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids when required; or (C) the
Bid Solicitation Agent fails to solicit bids when required, then, in each case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such Trading Day will be deemed to be less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported
Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. 

Transfer-Restricted
Security means any Security that constitutes a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); provided, however, that such Security will cease to be a Transfer-Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the
following events: 

(A) such Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company)
pursuant to a registration statement that was effective under the Securities Act at the time of such sale or transfer; 

(B) such Security
is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to an available exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of, or in a transaction not
subject to, the Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer, such Security ceases to constitute a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); and 

- 13 - 

(C) such Security is eligible for resale, by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the
Company and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or
notice. 

The Trustee is under no obligation to determine whether any Security is a Transfer-Restricted Security and may conclusively rely
on an Officers Certificate with respect thereto. 

Trust Indenture Act means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939,
as amended. 

Trustee means the Person named as such in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor replaces
it in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and, thereafter, means such successor. 

VWAP Market Disruption
Event means, with respect to any date, (A) the failure by the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed, or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional
securities exchange, the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded, to open for trading during its regular trading session on such date; or (B) the occurrence or existence, for more than one half hour period in the
aggregate, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the
Common Stock, and such suspension or limitation occurs or exists at any time before 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date. 

VWAP Trading Day means a day on which (A) there is no VWAP Market Disruption Event; and (B) trading in the Common
Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other
market on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then VWAP Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person, determined by reference to the definition of
Subsidiary above but with each reference therein to more than fifty percent (50%) deemed to be replaced with one hundred percent (100%) for purposes of this definition; provided, however, that
directors qualifying shares will be disregarded for purposes of determining whether any Person is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of another Person. 

- 14 - 

Section 1.02. OTHER DEFINITIONS. 

Term 

Defined in

Section

Additional Shares 5.07(A)

Authorized Share Stockholder Approval 3.08

Business Combination Event 6.01(A)

Cash Settlement 5.03(A)

Combination Settlement 5.03(A)

Common Stock Change Event 5.09(A)

Conversion Agent 2.06(A)

Conversion Consideration 5.03(B)

Default Interest 2.05(B)

Defaulted Amount 2.05(B)

Deferred Additional Interest 3.04(C)(i)

Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request 3.04(C)(i)

Event of Default 7.01(A)

Expiration Date 5.05(A)(v)

Expiration Time 5.05(A)(v)

Fundamental Change Notice 4.02(E)

Fundamental Change Repurchase Right 4.02(A)

Initial Notes 2.03(A)

Maximum Number of Conversion Shares 3.08

Measurement Period 5.01(C)(i)(2)

Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest 3.04(C)(i)

Paying Agent 2.06(A)

Physical Settlement 5.03(A)

Redemption Notice 4.03(F)

Reference Property 5.09(A)

Reference Property Unit 5.09(A)

Register 2.06(B)

Registrar 2.06(A)

Reporting Event of Default 7.03(A)

Reserved Share Effective Date 3.08

Specified Courts 11.07

Spin-Off 5.05(A)(iii)(2)

Spin-Off Valuation Period 5.05(A)(iii)(2)

Stated Interest 2.05(A)

Stated Interest Rate 2.05(A)

Successor Entity 6.01(A)

Successor Person 5.09(A)

Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period 5.05(A)(v)

Trading Price Condition 5.01(C)(i)(2)

Section 1.03. RULESOF CONSTRUCTION. 

For purposes of this Indenture: 

(A) or is not exclusive; 

(B) including means including without limitation; 

- 15 - 

(C) will expresses a command; 

(D) the average of a set of numerical values refers to the arithmetic average of such numerical values; 

(E) a merger involving, or a transfer of assets by, a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will be deemed to include any
division of or by, or an allocation of assets to a series of, such limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or any unwinding of any such division or allocation; 

(F) words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(G) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular
Article, Section or other subdivision of this Indenture, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(H) references to currency mean the
lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(I) the exhibits, schedules and other attachments
to this Indenture are deemed to form part of this Indenture; and 

(J) the term interest, when used with respect to a
Note, includes any Additional Interest, Deferred Additional Interest, Special Interest and Default Interest, unless the context requires otherwise. 

Article 2. THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. FORM, DATINGAND DENOMINATIONS. 

The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A. The Notes will
bear the legends required by Section 2.09 and may bear notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage or the Depositary. Each Note will be dated as of the date of its authentication. 

Except to the extent otherwise provided in a Company Order delivered to the Trustee in connection with the issuance and authentication
thereof, the Notes will be issued initially in the form of one or more Global Notes. Global Notes may be exchanged for Physical Notes, and Physical Notes may be exchanged for Global Notes, only as provided in Section 2.10.

The Notes will be issuable only in registered form without interest coupons and only in Authorized Denominations. 

Each certificate representing a Note will bear a unique registration number that is not affixed to any other certificate representing another
outstanding Note. 

- 16 - 

The terms contained in the Notes constitute part of this Indenture, and, to the extent
applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, agree to such terms and to be bound thereby; provided, however, that, to the extent that any provision of any Note conflicts with the
provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture will control for purposes of this Indenture and such Note. 

Section 2.02.
EXECUTION, AUTHENTICATIONAND DELIVERY. 

(A) Due Execution by the
Company. At least one (1) duly authorized Officer will sign the Notes on behalf of the Company by manual, electronic or facsimile signature. A Notes validity will not be affected by the failure of any Officer whose signature is on any
Note to hold, at the time such Note is authenticated, the same or any other office at the Company. 

(B) Authentication by the Trustee
and Delivery. 

(i) No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly
authenticated only when an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note. 

(ii) The Trustee will cause an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) to manually sign
the certificate of authentication of a Note only if (1) the Company delivers such Note to the Trustee; (2) such Note is executed by the Company in accordance with Section 2.02(A); and (3) the Company delivers
a Company Order to the Trustee that (a) requests the Trustee to authenticate such Note; and (b) sets forth the name of the Holder of such Note and the date as of which such Note is to be authenticated. If such Company Order also requests
the Trustee to deliver such Note to any Holder or to the Depositary, then the Trustee will promptly deliver such Note in accordance with such Company Order. 

(iii) The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes. A duly appointed
authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so under this Indenture, and a Note authenticated as provided in this Indenture by such an agent will be deemed, for purposes of this Indenture, to be authenticated by the
Trustee. Each duly appointed authenticating agent will have the same rights to deal with the Company as the Trustee would have if it were performing the duties that the authentication agent was validly appointed to undertake. 

Section 2.03. INITIAL NOTESAND ADDITIONAL NOTES. 

(A) Initial Notes. On the Issue Date, there will be originally issued four hundred and five million dollars ($405,000,000) aggregate
principal amount of Notes, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02). Notes issued pursuant to this Section 2.03(A), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in
substitution thereof, are referred to in this Indenture as the Initial Notes. 

- 17 - 

(B) Additional Notes. The Company may, subject to the provisions of this Indenture
(including Section 2.02), originally issue additional Notes with the same terms as the Initial Notes (except, to the extent applicable, with respect to the date as of which interest begins to accrue on such additional Notes
and the first Interest Payment Date and the Last Original Issue Date of such additional Notes), which additional Notes will, subject to the foregoing, be considered to be part of the same series of, and rank equally and ratably with all other, Notes
issued under this Indenture; provided, however, that if any such additional Notes (and any Notes that are resold after such Notes have been purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company or its Subsidiaries) are not fungible with other
Notes issued under this Indenture for federal income tax or federal securities laws purposes, then such additional Notes (or resold Notes) will be identified by a separate CUSIP number or by no CUSIP number. 

Section 2.04. METHODOF PAYMENT. 

(A) Global Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity
Date, Redemption on a Redemption Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, interest on, and any cash Conversion Consideration for, any Global Note to the Depositary by wire transfer of immediately available funds
no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture. 

(B) Physical Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the
Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity Date, Redemption on a Redemption Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, interest on, and any cash Conversion Consideration for, any
Physical Note no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture as follows: (i) if the principal amount of such Physical Note is at least five million dollars ($5,000,000) (or such lower amount as the Company may choose in
its sole and absolute discretion) and the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment has delivered to the Paying Agent or the Trustee, no later than the time set forth in the immediately following sentence, a written request that the
Company make such payment by wire transfer to an account of such Holder within the United States, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account; and (ii) in all other cases, by check mailed to the address of the Holder of such
Physical Note entitled to such payment as set forth in the Register. To be timely, such written request must be so delivered no later than the Close of Business on the following date: (x) with respect to the payment of any interest due on an
Interest Payment Date, the immediately preceding Regular Record Date; (y) with respect to any cash Conversion Consideration, the relevant Conversion Date; and (z) with respect to any other payment, the date that is fifteen
(15) calendar days immediately before the date such payment is due. 

Section 2.05. ACCRUALOF
INTEREST; DEFAULTED AMOUNTS; WHEN PAYMENT DATEIS NOTA BUSINESS DAY. 

(A) Accrual of Interest. Each Note will accrue interest (Stated Interest) at a rate per annum equal to 0.75% (the
Stated Interest Rate), plus any Default Interest, Additional Interest and Special Interest that may accrue pursuant to Sections 2.05(B), 3.04 and 7.03, respectively. Stated Interest on each Note will
(i) accrue from, and including, the most recent date to which Stated Interest has been paid or duly provided for (or, if no Stated Interest has theretofore been paid or duly provided for, the date set forth in the certificate representing such
Note as the date from, and including, which Stated Interest will begin to accrue in such circumstance) to, but excluding, the date of payment of such Stated Interest; and (ii) be, subject to Sections4.02(D), 4.03(E) and
5.02(D) (but without duplication of any payment of interest), 

- 18 - 

payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, beginning on the first Interest Payment Date set forth in the certificate representing such Note, to the Holder of such Note as of
the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date. Stated Interest, and, if applicable, Additional Interest and Special Interest, on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day
year comprised of twelve 30-day months. 

(B) Defaulted Amounts. If the Company fails to pay
any cash amount (a Defaulted Amount) payable on a Note on or before the due date therefor as provided in this Indenture, then, regardless of whether such failure constitutes an Event of Default, (i) such Defaulted Amount will
forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder of such Note otherwise entitled to such payment; (ii) to the extent lawful, interest (Default Interest) will accrue on such Defaulted Amount at a rate per annum equal to the rate
per annum at which Stated Interest accrues, from, and including, such due date to, but excluding, the date of payment of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest; and (iii) such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid, at the
Companys election, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below. 

(i) Payment of Default Amounts on
a Special Payment Date. The Company will have the right to pay such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest on a payment date selected by the Company to the Holder of such Note as of the Close of Business on a special record date selected by the
Company, provided that (1) such special record date must be no more than fifteen (15), nor less than ten (10), calendar days before such payment date; and (2) at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such special record date,
the Company will send notice to the Trustee and the Holders that states such special record date, such payment date and the amount of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest to be paid on such payment date. 

(ii) Payment of Default Amount in Any Other Lawful Manner. If not paid in accordance with
Section 2.05(B)(i), such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid by the Company in any other lawful manner. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.05(B), a Default in the payment or delivery of any
Conversion Consideration when due will be cured upon the payment or delivery of the same (together, if applicable in the case of any cash Conversion Consideration, with Default Interest thereon) to the Person to whom such Conversion Consideration is
payable or deliverable (determined in accordance with Article 5). 

(C) Delay of Payment When Payment Date Is Not a Business
Day. If the due date for a payment on a Note as provided in this Indenture is not a Business Day, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, such payment may be made on the immediately following Business Day
with the same force and effect as if such payment were made on such due date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest will accrue on such payment as a result of the related delay). Solely for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, a
day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day. 

- 19 - 

(D) Special Provision for Global Notes. If the first date on which any Additional
Interest or Special Interest begins to accrue on a Global Note is on or after the fifth (5th) Business Day before a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or
the Notes, the amount thereof accruing in respect of the period from, and including, such first date to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will not be payable on such Interest Payment Date but will instead be deemed to accrue (without
duplication) entirely on such Interest Payment Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest will accrue as a result of the related delay). 

Section 2.06. REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENTAND CONVERSION AGENT.

(A) Generally. The Company will maintain (i) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be
presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (the Registrar); (ii) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for payment (the Paying Agent); and (iii) an
office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for conversion (the Conversion Agent). If the Company fails to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then the Trustee will act as
such and will receive compensation therefor in accordance with this Indenture and any other agreement between the Trustee and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Registrar, Paying Agent or
Conversion Agent. 

(B) Duties of the Registrar. The Registrar will keep a record (the Register) of the names and
addresses of the Holders, the Notes held by each Holder and the transfer, exchange, repurchase, Redemption and conversion of Notes. Absent manifest error, the entries in the Register will be conclusive and the Company and the Trustee may treat each
Person whose name is recorded as a Holder in the Register as a Holder for all purposes. The Register will be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form reasonably promptly. 

(C) Co-Agents; Companys Right to Appoint Successor Registrars, Paying Agents and Conversion
Agents. The Company may appoint one or more co-Registrars,co-Paying Agents and co-Conversion Agents, each of whom will be
deemed to be a Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable, under this Indenture. Subject to Section 2.06(A), the Company may change any Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent (including appointing
itself or any of its Subsidiaries to act in such capacity) without notice to any Holder. The Company will notify the Trustee (and, upon request, any Holder) of the name and address of each Note Agent, if any, not a party to this Indenture and will
enter into an appropriate agency agreement with each such Note Agent, which agreement will implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Note Agent. 

(D) Initial Appointments. The Company appoints the Trustee as, and designates its corporate trust office identified in
Section 11.01 (as the same exists on the Issue Date) in the continental United States as the office for, the initial Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the initial Conversion Agent. 

- 20 - 

Section 2.07. PAYING AGENTAND
CONVERSION AGENTTO HOLD PROPERTYIN TRUST. 

The Company will require each Paying Agent or Conversion Agent that is not the Trustee to agree in writing that such Note Agent will
(A) hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held by such Note Agent for payment or delivery due on the Notes; and (B) notify the Trustee of any default by the Company in making any such payment
or delivery. The Company, at any time, may, and the Trustee, while any Default continues, may, require a Paying Agent or Conversion Agent to pay or deliver, as applicable, all money and other property held by it to the Trustee, after which payment
or delivery, as applicable, such Note Agent (if not the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) will have no further liability for such money or property. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries acts as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then
(A) it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held by it as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent; and (B) references in this Indenture or the Notes to the
Paying Agent or Conversion Agent holding cash or other property, or to the delivery of cash or other property to the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, in each case for payment or delivery to any Holders or the Trustee or with respect to the Notes,
will be deemed to refer to cash or other property so segregated and held separately, or to the segregation and separate holding of such cash or other property, respectively. Upon the occurrence of any event pursuant to clause(ix) or (x) of Section 7.01(A) with respect to the Company (or with respect to any Subsidiary of the Company acting as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent), the Trustee will serve as the Paying Agent or
Conversion Agent, as applicable, for the Notes. 

Section 2.08. HOLDER LISTS. 

If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company will furnish to the Trustee, no later than seven (7) Business Days before each Interest
Payment Date, and at such other times as the Trustee may request, a list, in such form and as of such date or time as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders. 

Section 2.09. LEGENDS. 

(A) Global Note Legend. Each Global Note will bear the Global Note Legend (or any similar legend, not inconsistent with this Indenture,
required by the Depositary for such Global Note). 

(B) Non-Affiliate Legend. Each Note will
bear the Non-Affiliate Legend. 

(C) Restricted Note Legend. Subject to
Section 2.12, 

(i) each Note that is a Transfer-Restricted Security will bear the Restricted Note
Legend; and 

(ii) if a Note is issued in exchange for, in substitution of, or to effect a partial conversion of, another
Note (such other Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.09(C)(ii)), including pursuant to Section 2.10(B), 2.10(C), 2.11 or 2.13, then such Note
will bear the Restricted Note Legend if such old Note bore the Restricted Note Legend at the time of such exchange or substitution, or on the related Conversion Date with respect to such conversion, as applicable; provided, however,
that such Note need not bear the Restricted Note Legend if such Note does not constitute a Transfer-Restricted Security immediately after such exchange or substitution, or as of such Conversion Date, as applicable. 

- 21 - 

(D) Other Legends. A Note may bear any other legend or text, not inconsistent with
this Indenture, as may be required by applicable law or by any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which such Note is traded or quoted. 

(E) Acknowledgment and Agreement by the Holders. A Holders acceptance of any Note bearing any legend required by this
Section 2.09 will constitute such Holders acknowledgment of, and agreement to comply with, the restrictions set forth in such legend. 

(F) Restricted Stock Legend. 

(i) Each Conversion Share will bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the Note upon the conversion of which such Conversion Share
was issued was (or would have been had it not been converted) a Transfer-Restricted Security at the time such Conversion Share was issued; provided, however, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the
Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.09(F), a Conversion Share need not
bear a Restricted Stock Legend if such Conversion Share is issued in an uncertificated form that does not permit affixing legends thereto, provided the Company takes measures (including the assignment thereto of a restricted CUSIP
number) that it reasonably deems appropriate to enforce the transfer restrictions referred to in the Restricted Stock Legend. 

Section 2.10.
TRANSFERSAND EXCHANGES; CERTAIN TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. 

(A) Provisions Applicable to All Transfers and Exchanges. 

(i) Generally. Subject to this Section 2.10, Physical Notes and beneficial interests in Global
Notes may be transferred or exchanged from time to time. The Registrar will record each such transfer or exchange of Physical Notes in the Register. 

(ii) Transferred and Exchanged Notes Remain Valid Obligations of the Company. Each Note issued upon transfer or exchange
of any other Note (such other Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(A)(ii)) or portion thereof in accordance with this Indenture will be the valid obligation of the Company,
evidencing the same indebtedness, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as such old Note or portion thereof, as applicable. 

(iii) No Services Charge; Transfer Taxes. The Company, the Trustee and the Note Agents will not impose any service
charge on any Holder for any transfer, exchange or conversion of Notes, but the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Conversion Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any transfer, exchange or conversion of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.11, 2.17 or 8.05 not involving any transfer. 

(iv) Transfers and Exchanges Must Be in Authorized Denominations. 

- 22 - 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, a Note may not be transferred or exchanged in part unless the portion to be so transferred or exchanged is in an
Authorized Denomination. 

(v) Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee will have no obligation or duty to monitor,
determine or inquire as to compliance with any transfer restrictions imposed under this Indenture or applicable law with respect to any Security, other than to require the delivery of such certificates or other documentation or evidence as expressly
required by this Indenture and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the requirements of this Indenture. 

(vi) Legends. Each Note issued upon transfer of, or in exchange for, another Note will bear each legend, if any,
required by Section 2.09. 

(vii) Settlement of Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction
of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Note, the Company will cause such transfer or exchange to be effected as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than the second (2nd) Business Day after the
date of such satisfaction. 

(viii) Interpretation. For the avoidance of doubt, and subject to the terms of this
Indenture, as used in this Section 2.10, an exchange of a Global Note or a Physical Note includes (x) an exchange effected for the sole purpose of removing any Restricted Note Legend affixed to such Global
Note or Physical Note; and (y) if such Global Note or Physical Note is identified by a restricted CUSIP number, an exchange effected for the sole purpose of causing such Global Note or Physical Note to be identified by an
unrestricted CUSIP number. 

(B) Transfers and Exchanges of Global Notes.

(i) Certain Restrictions. Subject to the immediately following sentence, no Global Note may be transferred or exchanged
in whole except (x) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary; (y) by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary; or (z) by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary
or a nominee of such successor Depositary. No Global Note (or any portion thereof) may be transferred to, or exchanged for, a Physical Note; provided, however, that a Global Note will be exchanged, pursuant to customary procedures, for
one or more Physical Notes if: 

(1) (x) the Depositary notifies the Company or the Trustee that the Depositary is unwilling
or unable to continue as depositary for such Global Note or (y) the Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act and, in each case, the Company fails to appoint a successor
Depositary within ninety (90) days of such notice or cessation; 

(2) an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar has received a written request from the Depositary, or from a holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, to exchange such Global Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, for one
or more Physical Notes; or 

- 23 - 

(3) the Company, in its sole discretion, permits the exchange of any
beneficial interest in such Global Note for one or more Physical Notes at the request of the owner of such beneficial interest. 

(ii) Effecting Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or
exchange of any Global Note (or any portion thereof): 

(1) the Trustee will reflect any resulting decrease of the principal
amount of such Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if such notation results in such Global Note having a principal amount of zero, the Company may
(but is not required to) instruct the Trustee to cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.15); 

(2) if required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Trustee will reflect any resulting increase of the principal
amount of any other Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such other Global Note; 

(3) if required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will
authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Global Note bearing each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(4) if such Global Note (or such portion thereof), or any beneficial interest therein, is to be exchanged for one or more
Physical Notes, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and
have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in such name(s) as the Depositary specifies (or as otherwise determined pursuant to customary procedures); and
(z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(iii) Compliance with Depositary
Procedures. Each transfer or exchange of a beneficial interest in any Global Note will be made in accordance with the Depositary Procedures. 

(C) Transfers and Exchanges of Physical Notes.

(i) Requirements for Transfers and Exchanges. Subject to this Section 2.10, a Holder of a
Physical Note may (x) transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) to one or more other Person(s); (y) exchange such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for one or more
other Physical Notes in Authorized Denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal 

- 24 - 

to the aggregate principal amount of the Physical Note (or portion thereof) to be so exchanged; and (z) if then permitted by the Depositary Procedures, transfer such Physical Note (or any
portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) in exchange for a beneficial interest in one or more Global Notes; provided, however, that, to effect any such transfer or exchange, such Holder must: 

(1) surrender such Physical Note to be transferred or exchanged to the office of the Registrar, together with any endorsements
or transfer instruments reasonably required by the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar; and 

(2) deliver such
certificates, documentation or evidence as may be required pursuant to Section 2.10(D). 

(ii)
Effecting Transfers and Exchanges. Upon the satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Physical Note (such Physical Note being referred to as the old Physical Note for purposes of
this Section 2.10(C)(ii)) of a Holder (or any portion of such old Physical Note in an Authorized Denomination): 

(1) such old Physical Note will be promptly cancelled pursuant to Section 2.15; 

(2) if such old Physical Note is to be so transferred or exchanged only in part, then the Company will issue, execute and
deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of such old Physical Note not to be so transferred or exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; 

(3) in the case of a transfer: 

(a) to the Depositary or a nominee thereof that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note (or such portion thereof) to
be so transferred in the form of one or more Global Notes, the Trustee will reflect an increase of the principal amount of one or more existing Global Notes by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming
part of such Global Note(s), which increase(s) are in Authorized Denominations and aggregate to the principal amount to be so transferred, and which Global Note(s) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09;
provided, however, that if such transfer cannot be so effected by notation on one or more existing Global Notes (whether because no Global Notes bearing each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09 then
exist, because any such increase will result in any Global Note having an aggregate principal amount exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount permitted by the Depositary or otherwise), then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and
the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Global Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount to be
so transferred; and (y) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

- 25 - 

(b) to a transferee that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note
(or such portion thereof) to be so transferred in the form of one or more Physical Notes, the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or
more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so transferred; (y) are registered in the name of such transferee; and (z) bear each legend, if
any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(4) in the case of an exchange, the Company will issue,
execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to
the principal amount to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of the Person to whom such old Physical Note was registered; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(D) Requirement to Deliver Documentation and Other Evidence. If a Holder of any Note that is identified by a restricted
CUSIP number or that bears a Restricted Note Legend or is a Transfer-Restricted Security requests to: 

(i) cause such Note
to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number; 

(ii) remove such Restricted Note Legend; or 

(iii) register the transfer of such Note to the name of another Person, 

then the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may refuse to effect such identification, removal or transfer, as applicable, unless there is delivered to the
Company, the Trustee and the Registrar such certificates or other documentation or evidence as the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may reasonably require for the Company to determine that such identification, removal or transfer, as
applicable, complies with the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws; provided, however, that no such certificates, documentation or evidence need be so delivered on and after the Free Trade Date with respect to such Note
unless the Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Note is not eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current
public information or notice under the Securities Act. 

- 26 - 

(E) Transfers of Notes Subject to Redemption, Repurchase or Conversion.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note that (i) has been surrendered for conversion, except to
the extent that any portion of such Note is not subject to conversion; (ii) is subject to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice validly delivered, and not withdrawn, pursuant to Section 4.02(F), except to the extent
that any portion of such Note is not subject to such notice or the Company fails to pay the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Price when due; or (iii) has been selected for Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, except to the extent
that any portion of such Note is not subject to Redemption or the Company fails to pay the applicable Redemption Price when due. 

Section 2.11.
EXCHANGEAND CANCELLATIONOF NOTESTO BE CONVERTEDORTO BE
REPURCHASED PURSUANTTOA REPURCHASE UPON FUNDAMENTAL CHANGEOR REDEMPTION. 

(A) Partial Conversions of Physical Notes and Partial Repurchases of Physical Notes Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Changeor Redemption. If only a portion of a Physical Note of a Holder is to be converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, as soon as reasonably practicable after such
Physical Note is surrendered for such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will cause such Physical Note to be exchanged, pursuant and subject to Section 2.10(C), for (i) one or more Physical Notes that
are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, and deliver such Physical Note(s) to such Holder; and
(ii) a Physical Note having a principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, which Physical Note will be converted or repurchased, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Indenture;
provided, however, that the Physical Note referred to in this clause (ii) need not be issued at any time after which such principal amount subject to such conversion or repurchase, as applicable, is deemed to cease to be
outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18. 

(B) Cancellation of Notes that Are Converted and Notes that Are
Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption. 

(i) Physical Notes. If a Physical
Note (or any portion thereof that has not theretofore been exchanged pursuant to Section 2.11(A)) of a Holder is to be converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change
or Redemption, then, promptly after the later of the time such Physical Note (or such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18 and the time such Physical Note is surrendered for such conversion
or repurchase, as applicable, (1) such Physical Note will be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.15; and (2) in the case of a partial conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will issue, execute and
deliver to such Holder, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal
to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by
Section 2.09. 

- 27 - 

(ii) Global Notes. If a Global Note (or any portion thereof) is to be
converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, promptly after the time such Note (or such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to
Section 2.18, the Trustee will reflect a decrease of the principal amount of such Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note to be so converted or repurchased, as applicable, by notation on
the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if the principal amount of such Global Note is zero following such notation, cancel such Global Note pursuant to
Section 2.15). 

Section 2.12. REMOVALOF TRANSFER
RESTRICTIONS. 

Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Indenture (including
Section 3.04), the Restricted Note Legend affixed to any Note will be deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.12 and the footnote to such Restricted Note Legend, to be removed therefrom upon the
Companys delivery to the Trustee of notice, signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers, to such effect (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such notice need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of
Counsel in order to be effective to cause such Restricted Note Legend to be deemed to be removed from such Note). If such Note bears a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number at the time of such delivery, then, upon such delivery, such Note will
be deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.12 and the footnotes to the CUSIP and ISIN numbers set forth on the face of the certificate representing such Note, to thereafter bear the unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN
numbers identified in such footnotes; provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note and the Depositary thereof requires a mandatory exchange or other procedure to cause such Global Note to be identified by
unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers in the facilities of such Depositary, then (i) the Company will effect such exchange or procedure as soon as reasonably practicable; and (ii) for purposes of
Section 3.04 and the definition of Freely Tradable, such Global Note will not be deemed to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers until such time as such exchange or procedure is effected. 

Section 2.13. REPLACEMENT NOTES. 

If a Holder of any Note claims that such Note has been mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then the Company will issue, execute
and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a replacement Note upon surrender to the Trustee of such mutilated Note, or upon delivery to the Trustee of evidence of such
loss, destruction or wrongful taking reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Company. The Company may charge the Holder of a Note for the Companys and the Trustees expenses in replacing such Note pursuant to this
Section 2.13. In addition, in the case of a lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note, the Company and the Trustee may require the Holder thereof to provide such security or indemnity that is satisfactory to the Company and
the Trustee to protect the Company and the Trustee from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Note is replaced. The Company may charge for its and the Trustees expenses in replacing a Note. 

Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.13 will be an additional obligation of the Company and will
be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and ratably with all other Notes issued under this Indenture, regardless of whether or not the lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note will at any time be enforceable by any Person. 

- 28 - 

Section 2.14. REGISTERED HOLDERS; CERTAIN
RIGHTSWITH RESPECTTO GLOBAL NOTES. 

Only
the Holder of a Note will have rights under this Indenture as the owner of such Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Depositary Participants will have no rights as such under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on
their behalf by the Depositary or its nominee, or by the Trustee as its custodian, and the Company, the Trustee and the Note Agents, and their respective agents, may treat the Depositary as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes
whatsoever; provided, however, that (A) the Holder of any Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Depositary Participants and Persons that hold interests in Notes through Depositary
Participants, to take any action that such Holder is entitled to take with respect to such Global Note under this Indenture or the Notes; and (B) the Company and the Trustee, and their respective agents, may give effect to any written
certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary. 

Section 2.15. CANCELLATION. 

The Company may at any time deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will
forward to the Trustee each Note duly surrendered to them for transfer, exchange, payment or conversion. The Trustee will promptly cancel all Notes so surrendered to it in accordance with its customary procedures. Without limiting the generality of
Section 2.03(B), the Company may not originally issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been cancelled upon transfer, exchange, payment or conversion. 

Section 2.16. NOTES HELDBYTHE COMPANYORITS AFFILIATES. 

Without limiting the generality of Section 2.18, in determining
whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates will be deemed not to be outstanding; provided, however,
that, for purposes of determining whether the Trustee is protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned will be so disregarded. 

Section 2.17. TEMPORARY NOTES. 

Until definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in
accordance with Section 2.02, temporary Notes. Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Notes. The Company will
promptly prepare, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. Until so exchanged, each temporary Note will
in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Notes. 

- 29 - 

Section 2.18. OUTSTANDING NOTES. 

(A) Generally. The Notes that are outstanding at any time will be deemed to be those Notes that, at such time, have been duly executed
and authenticated, excluding those Notes (or portions thereof) that have theretofore been (i) cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.15; (ii) assigned a
principal amount of zero by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of any a Global Note representing such Note; (iii) paid in full (including upon conversion) in accordance with this
Indenture; or (iv) deemed to cease to be outstanding to the extent provided in, and subject to, clause (B), (C) or (D) of this Section 2.18. 

(B) Replaced Notes. If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.13, then such Note will cease to be
outstanding at the time of its replacement, unless the Trustee and the Company receive proof reasonably satisfactory to them that such Note is held by a bona fide purchaser under applicable law. 

(C) Maturing Notes and Notes Called for Redemption or Subject to Repurchase. If, on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date or the Maturity Date, the Paying Agent holds money sufficient to pay the aggregate Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or principal amount, respectively, together, in each case, with the aggregate interest, in each case due on
such date, then (unless there occurs a Default in the payment of any such amount) (i) the Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased, or that mature, on such date will be deemed, as of such date, to cease to be outstanding,
except to the extent provided in Section 4.02(D), 4.03(E) or 5.02(D); and (ii) the rights of the Holders of such Notes (or such portions thereof), as such, will terminate with respect to such Notes (or
such portions thereof), other than the right to receive the Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or principal amount, as applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, such Notes (or such portions thereof), in each case as
provided in this Indenture. 

(D) Notes to Be Converted. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for any Note (or any
portion thereof) to be converted, such Note (or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or interest due, pursuant to Section 5.03(B) or
Section 5.02(D), upon such conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.08. 

(E) Cessation of Accrual of Interest. Except as provided in Section 4.02(D), 4.03(E) or
5.02(D), interest will cease to accrue on each Note from, and including, the date that such Note is deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.18, to cease to be outstanding, unless there occurs a Default in the payment or
delivery of any cash or other property due on such Note. 

Section 2.19. REPURCHASESBYTHE
COMPANY. 

Without limiting the generality of Section 2.15, the Company may, from time to
time, repurchase Notes in open market purchases or in negotiated transactions without delivering prior notice to Holders. 

- 30 - 

Section 2.20. CUSIP AND ISIN NUMBERS. 

Subject to Section 2.12, the Company may use one or more CUSIP or ISIN numbers to identify any of the Notes, and, if
so, the Company and the Trustee will use such CUSIP or ISIN number(s) in notices to Holders; provided, however, that (i) the Trustee makes no representation as to the correctness or accuracy of any such CUSIP or ISIN number; and
(ii) the effectiveness of any such notice will not be affected by any defect in, or omission of, any such CUSIP or ISIN number. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the CUSIP or ISIN number(s) identifying any Notes.

Article 3. COVENANTS 

Section 3.01. PAYMENTON NOTES. 

(A) Generally. The Company will pay or cause to be paid all the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and Redemption
Price for, interest on, and other amounts due with respect to, the Notes on the dates and in the manner set forth in this Indenture. 

(B)
Deposit of Funds. Before 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on each Redemption Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Interest Payment Date, and on the Maturity Date or any other date on which any cash amount is due on the Notes, the
Company will deposit, or will cause there to be deposited, with the Paying Agent cash, in funds immediately available on such date, sufficient to pay the cash amount due on the applicable Notes on such date. The Paying Agent will return to the
Company, as soon as practicable, any money not required for such purpose. 

Section 3.02. EXCHANGE ACT
REPORTS. 

(A) Generally. The Company will send to the Trustee copies of all reports that the Company is required
to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Company is required to file the same (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods under the
Exchange Act); provided, however, that the Company need not send to the Trustee any material for which the Company has received, or is seeking in good faith and has not been denied, confidential treatment by the SEC. Any report that
the Company files with the SEC through the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) will be deemed to be sent to the Trustee at the time such report is so filed via the EDGAR system (or such successor). Upon the request of any Holder, the Trustee
will provide to such Holder a copy of any report that the Company has sent the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.02(A), other than a report that is deemed to be sent to the Trustee pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

The grace periods referred to in the preceding paragraph with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by
Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related Form 12b-25 (or any successor
form thereto) that the Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum period. 

(B) Trustees
Disclaimer. The Trustee need not determine whether the Company has filed any material via the EDGAR system (or such successor). The sending or filing of reports pursuant to Section 3.02(A) will not be deemed to
constitute actual or constructive notice to the Trustee of any information contained, or determinable from information contained, therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture. 

- 31 - 

Section 3.03. RULE 144A INFORMATION. 

If the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act at any time when any Notes or shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Notes are outstanding and constitute restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), then the Company (or its successor) will promptly provide, to the Trustee and, upon written request, to any Holder, beneficial
owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or shares, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares pursuant to Rule 144A. The Company (or its
successor) will take such further action as any Holder or beneficial owner of such Notes or shares may reasonably request to enable such Holder or beneficial owner to sell such Notes or shares pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Section 3.04. ADDITIONAL INTEREST. 

(A) Accrual of Additional Interest. 

(i) If, at any time during the six (6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six (6) months
after the Last Original Issue Date of any Note, 

(1) the Company fails to timely file any report (other than Form 8-K reports) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder); or 

(2) such Note is not otherwise Freely Tradable, 

then Additional Interest will accrue on such Note for each day during such period on which such failure is continuing or such Note is not
Freely Tradable. The grace periods referred to in the preceding sentence and in Section 3.04(B) below with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by Rule
12b-25 (or any successor rule thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related Form 12b-25 (or any successor form
thereto) that the Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum period. 

(ii) In
addition, Additional Interest will accrue on a Note on each day on which such Note is not Freely Tradable on or after the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note. 

(B) Amount and Payment of Additional Interest. Subject to Section 3.04(C), any Additional Interest that
accrues on a Note pursuant to Section 3.04(A) will be payable on the same dates and in the same manner as the Stated Interest on such Note and will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25%) of
the principal amount thereof for the first ninety (90) days on which Additional Interest accrues and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however,
that in no event will Additional Interest (excluding any interest that accrues on any Deferred Additional Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(C)) that may accrue as a result of the Companys

- 32 - 

failure to timely file any report (other than Form 8-K reports) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder), pursuant to this Section 3.04, together with any Special Interest that accrues pursuant to Section 7.03, accrue on
any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one half of one percent (0.50%). For the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to the Stated Interest that accrues on such Note and, subject
to the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence, in addition to any Special Interest that accrues on such Note. 

(C) Deferral of
Additional Interest. 

(i) Generally. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 3.04, but subject to Section 3.04(C)(iii), Additional Interest that accrues on any Note for any period on or after the De-Legending Deadline Date of
such Note will not be payable on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after such De-Legending Deadline Date unless (1) a Holder (or an owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note) has delivered
to the Company and the Trustee, no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Regular Record Date immediately before such Interest Payment Date, a written notice (a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request) demanding
payment of Additional Interest; or (2) the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects, by sending notice of such election (a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest) to Holders before such Regular
Record Date, to pay such Additional Interest on such Interest Payment Date (any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest that, in accordance with this sentence, is not paid on such Interest Payment Date, Deferred Additional
Interest). Interest will accrue on such Deferred Additional Interest from, and including, such Interest Payment Date at a rate per annum equal to the Stated Interest Rate to, but excluding, the date on which such Deferred Additional
Interest, together with accrued interest thereon, is paid. Once any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest becomes payable on an Interest Payment Date (whether as a result of the delivery of a written notice pursuant to clause (1) above
or, if earlier, the Companys election to pay the same pursuant to clause (2) above), Additional Interest will thereafter not be subject to deferral pursuant to this Section 3.04(C). 

(ii) Interpretive Provisions. Each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to any accrued interest (including in the
definitions of the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note) or to any accrued Additional Interest includes, to the extent applicable, and without duplication, any Deferred Additional Interest, together with accrued
and unpaid interest thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest on an Interest Payment Date will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under this Indenture or the Notes if such payment
is deferred in accordance with Section 3.04(C)(i). Otherwise, such a failure to pay will be subject to Section 7.01(A)(ii). 

- 33 - 

(iii) Payment or Extinguishment Upon Maturity. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if (1) any unpaid Deferred Additional Interest exists on any Notes as of the Close of Business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) no Holder (or
owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note) has delivered a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request in the manner set forth in Section 3.04(C)(i) on or before the fifth (5th) Business Day before such Regular Record
Date; and (3) the Company has not sent a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest in the manner set forth in Section 3.04(C)(i) before such Regular Record Date, then Deferred Additional Interest on each
Note then outstanding will cease to accrue, and all Deferred Additional Interest, together with interest thereon, on such Note will be deemed to be extinguished on the following date: (a) if such Note is to be converted, the Conversion Date for
such conversion (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Conversion Consideration therefor need not include, and the amount referred to in clause (i) of Section 5.02(D) need not include, the
payment of any such Deferred Additional Interest or any interest thereon); and (b) in all other cases, the later of (x) the Maturity Date; and (y) the first date on which the Company has repaid the principal of, and accrued and unpaid
interest (other than such Deferred Additional Interest and any interest thereon) on, such Note in full. 

(D) Notice of Accrual of
Additional Interest; Trustees Disclaimer. The Company will send notice to the Holder of each Note, and to the Trustee, of the commencement and termination of any period in which Additional Interest accrues on such Note, except that no such
notice is required in respect of any Additional Interest that is deferred in accordance with Section 3.04(C). In addition, if Additional Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five (5) Business Days before
each date on which such Additional Interest is to be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company is obligated to pay Additional Interest on such Note on such date
of payment; and (ii) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee (x) will have no duty to determine whether any Additional Interest is payable (or whether the same is deferred or is accruing
interest) or the amount thereof; and (y) may assume (without inquiry) that no Additional Interest is payable or has been deferred unless and until the Company delivers such Officers Certificate. 

(E) Exclusive Remedy. The accrual of Additional Interest will be the exclusive remedy available to Holders for the failure of their
Notes to become Freely Tradable. 

Section 3.05. COMPLIANCEAND DEFAULT CERTIFICATES.

(A) Annual Compliance Certificate. Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after December 31, 2025 and each fiscal
year of the Company ending thereafter, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee stating (i) that the signatory thereto has supervised a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal
year with a view towards determining whether any Default has occurred; and (ii) whether, to such signatorys knowledge, a Default has occurred or is continuing (and, if so, describing all such Defaults and what action the Company is taking
or proposes to take with respect thereto). 

(B) Default Certificate. If a Default occurs, then the Company will, within thirty
(30) days after its first occurrence, deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee describing the same and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; provided, however, that the Company
will not be required to deliver such Officers Certificate at any time after such Default is cured or waived. 

- 34 - 

Section 3.06. STAY, EXTENSIONAND USURY
LAWS. 

To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon,
plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and (B) expressly
waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Trustee by this Indenture, but will suffer and permit the execution of every
such power as though no such law has been enacted. 

Section 3.07. ACQUISITIONOF NOTESBYTHE COMPANYANDITS AFFILIATES. 

Without
limiting the generality of Section 2.18, Notes that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have purchased or otherwise acquired will be deemed to remain outstanding (except to the extent provided in
Section 2.16) until such time as such Notes are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. 

Section 3.08.
INCREASEOF AUTHORIZED SHARES; AUTHORIZED SHARE EFFECTIVE DATE. 

The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount that,
together with other shares of Common Stock then reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Notes, is sufficient to cover the number of shares of Common Stock (the Maximum Number of Conversion Shares) issuable upon conversion of
all then-outstanding Notes, assuming (x) Physical Settlement will apply to such conversion; and (y) the Conversion Rate is increased by the maximum amount pursuant to which the Conversion Rate may be increased pursuant to
Section 5.07 (the first date on which the Company so increases the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, or otherwise increases the number of shares of Common Stock available to settle conversions of the Notes, and,
in each case, reserves the Maximum Number of Conversion Shares solely for issuance upon conversion of the Notes, the Reserved Share Effective Date). The Company will seek the approval (the Authorized Share Stockholder
Approval) of its stockholders to amend the related provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to so increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, including by seeking such approval, if not previously obtained,
at each regular annual meeting of the Companys stockholders occurring after the Issue Date and that the Company endorses such approval in the related proxy materials. The Company will notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the
Reserved Share Effective Date no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day after it occurs. 

If, before the Reserved Share Effective Date,
the Aggregate Share Cap is increased as set forth in the first proviso to the definition of Aggregate Share Cap, then the Company will, within five (5) Business Days, either post the amount of the Aggregate Share Cap on the
Companys website or disclose the same in a Current Report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) that is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, if, at any time before the Reserved Share
Effective Date, the Company seeks the approval of holders of its Common Stock for the consummation of the sale, lease or other transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person (in each case, (x) other than solely to one or more of the Companys Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; and (y) other than by any transaction that constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose
Reference Property does not include Common Stock of the Company), then the Company will condition such consummation on obtaining the Authorized Share Stockholder Approval. 

- 35 - 

Article 4. REPURCHASE AND REDEMPTION 

Section 4.01. NO SINKING FUND. 

No sinking fund is required to be provided for the Notes. 

Section 4.02. RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO REQUIRETHE
COMPANYTO REPURCHASE NOTESUPONA FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. 

(A) Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change. Subject to the other terms of this
Section 4.02, if a Fundamental Change occurs, then each Holder will have the right (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right) to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion
thereof in an Authorized Denomination) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change for a cash purchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

(B) Repurchase Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such acceleration has
not been rescinded on or before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including as a result of the payment of the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, and any related interest pursuant to the
proviso to Section 4.02(D), on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date), then (i) the Company may not repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02; and (ii) the Company will cause
any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the
Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(C) Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for any Fundamental Change will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than thirty five (35), nor less than twenty (20), Business Days after the date the Company
sends the related Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E). 

(D) Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note to be repurchased upon a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change following a Fundamental Change is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid
interest on such Note to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; provided, however, that if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next
Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before
such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that would have 

- 36 - 

accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date, if such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will not include accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. For
the avoidance of doubt, if an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment
Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid interest on Notes to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the
immediately preceding Regular Record Date; and (y) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will include interest on Notes to be repurchased from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(E) Fundamental Change Notice. On or before the twentieth (20th) calendar day after the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the
Company will send to each Holder, the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent a notice of such Fundamental Change (a Fundamental Change Notice). 

Such Fundamental Change Notice must state: 

(i) briefly, the events causing such Fundamental Change; 

(ii) the effective date of such Fundamental Change; 

(iii) the procedures that a Holder must follow to require the Company to repurchase its Notes pursuant to this
Section 4.02, including the deadline for exercising the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right and the procedures for submitting and withdrawing a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice; 

(iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Fundamental Change (and, if such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso to Section 4.02(D));

(vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent; 

(vii) the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such Fundamental Change Notice and a description and quantification of any
adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Fundamental Change (including pursuant to Section 5.07); 

(viii) that Notes for which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been duly tendered and not duly withdrawn must be
delivered to the Paying Agent for the Holder thereof to be entitled to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; 

- 37 - 

(ix) that Notes (or any portion thereof) that are subject to a Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice that has been duly tendered may be converted only if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture; and 

(x) the CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

Neither the failure to deliver a Fundamental Change Notice nor any defect in a Fundamental Change Notice will limit the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Right of any Holder or otherwise affect the validity of any proceedings relating to any Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change. 

(F) Procedures to Exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right. 

(i) Delivery of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and Notes to Be Repurchased. To exercise its Fundamental Change
Repurchase Right for a Note following a Fundamental Change, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Paying Agent: 

(1)
before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or such later time as may be required by law), a duly completed, written Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to such
Note; and 

(2) such Note, duly endorsed for transfer (if such Note is a Physical Note) or by book-entry transfer (if such
Note is a Global Note). 

The Paying Agent will promptly deliver to the Company a copy of each Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice that it
receives. 

(ii) Contents of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notices. Each Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with
respect to a Note must state: 

(1) if such Note is a Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be repurchased, which must be an Authorized Denomination; and 

(3) that such Holder is exercising its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right with respect to such principal amount of such Note;

provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note, then such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must comply with the
Depositary Procedures (and any such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4.02(F)). 

- 38 - 

(iii) Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. A Holder
that has delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note may withdraw such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent at any time before the Close of Business on the
Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Such withdrawal notice must state: 

(1) if
such Note is a Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be withdrawn,
which must be an Authorized Denomination; and 

(3) the principal amount of such Note, if any, that remains subject to such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which must be an Authorized Denomination; 

provided, however, that if such Note is a
Global Note, then such withdrawal notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such withdrawal notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this
Section 4.02(F)). 

Upon receipt of any such withdrawal notice with respect to a Note (or any portion thereof),
the Paying Agent will (x) promptly deliver a copy of such withdrawal notice to the Company; and (y) if such Note is surrendered to the Paying Agent, cause such Note (or such portion thereof in accordance with
Section 2.11, treating such Note as having been then surrendered for partial repurchase in the amount set forth in such withdrawal notice as remaining subject to repurchase) to be returned to the Holder thereof (or, if
applicable with respect to any Global Note, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Note in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(G) Payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price within the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for a Note (or portion thereof) to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon
Fundamental Change to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the later of (i) the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and (ii) the date (x) such Note is delivered to the Paying Agent (in the case of a Physical Note) or
(y) the Depositary Procedures relating to the repurchase, and the delivery to the Paying Agent, of such Holders beneficial interest in such Note to be repurchased are complied with (in the case of a Global Note). For the avoidance of
doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to Section 4.02(D) on any Note to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change must be paid pursuant to such proviso regardless of whether such Note is
delivered or such Depositary Procedures are complied with pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 4.02(G). 

- 39 - 

(H) Third Party May Conduct Repurchase Offer In Lieu of the Company. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02, the Company will be deemed to satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.02 if (i) one or more third parties conduct any Repurchase Upon
Fundamental Change and related offer to repurchase Notes otherwise required by this Section 4.02 in a manner that would have satisfied the requirements of this Section 4.02 if conducted directly by
the Company; and (ii) an owner of a beneficial interest in any Note repurchased by such third party or parties will not receive a lesser amount (as a result of withholding or similar taxes) than such owner would have received had the Company
repurchased such Note. 

(I) No Requirement to Conduct an Offer to Repurchase Notes if the Fundamental Change Results in the Notes
Becoming Convertible into an Amount of Cash Exceeding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02, the Company will not be required to send a Fundamental Change
Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E), or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02, in connection with a Common Stock Change Event that constitutes a Fundamental
Change occurring pursuant to clause (B)(ii) of the definition thereof (regardless of whether such Common Stock Change Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change pursuant to any other clause of such definition), if (i) such Fundamental
Change constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become convertible, pursuant to
Section 5.09(A) and, if applicable, Section 5.07, into consideration that consists solely of U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming that the same includes accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the latest possible Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental
Change); and (iii) the Company timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b) and includes, in such notice, a statement that the Company is relying on this
Section 4.02(I). 

(J) Compliance with Applicable Securities Laws. To the extent applicable, the Company
will comply, in all material respects, with all federal and state securities laws in connection with a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including complying with Rules 13e-4 and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and filing any required Schedule TO, to the extent applicable) so as to permit effecting such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change in the manner set forth in this Indenture;
provided, however, that, to the extent that the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section 4.02 conflict with any law or regulation that is applicable to the Company and enacted after the Issue Date,
the Companys compliance with such law or regulation will not be considered to be a Default of such obligations. 

(K) Repurchase
in Part. Subject to the terms of this Section 4.02, Notes may be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change in part, but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this
Section 4.02 applying to the repurchase of a Note in whole will equally apply to the repurchase of a permitted portion of a Note. 

Section 4.03. RIGHTOFTHE COMPANYTO REDEEMTHE NOTES. 

(A) No Right to Redeem Before March 20, 2028. The Company may not
redeem the Notes at its option at any time before March 20, 2028. 

- 40 - 

(B) Right to Redeem the Notes on or AfterMarch 20, 2028.
Subject to the terms of this Section 4.03, the Company has the right, at its election, to redeem all, or any portion in an Authorized Denomination, of the Notes, at any time, and from time to time, on a Redemption Date on
or after March 20, 2028 and on or before the sixtieth (60th) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date, for a cash purchase price equal to the Redemption Price, but only if (i) the Notes are Freely Tradable and all accrued
and unpaid Additional Interest, if any, has been paid, as of the Redemption Notice Date; and (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock exceeds one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the Conversion Price on (x) each of
at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption; and (y) the
Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Notice Date; provided, however, that the Company will not be entitled to call less than all of the outstanding Notes for Redemption unless the excess of the principal amount of Notes
outstanding and not subject to Redemption immediately before the time the Company sends the related Redemption Notice over the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth in such Redemption Notice as being subject to such Redemption is at least
one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000). For the avoidance of doubt, the calling of any Notes for Redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to such Notes pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof.

(C) Redemption Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such
acceleration has not been rescinded on or before the Redemption Date (including as a result of the payment of the related Redemption Price, and any related interest pursuant to the proviso to Section 4.03(E), on such
Redemption Date), then (i) the Company may not call for Redemption or otherwise redeem any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.03; and (ii) the Company will cause any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Redemption
to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interests in such Notes in accordance
with the Depositary Procedures). 

(D) Redemption Date. The Redemption Date for any Redemption will be a Business Day of the
Companys choosing that is no more than eighty-five (85), nor less than sixty-five (65), Scheduled Trading Days after the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption; provided, however, that if, in accordance with
Section 5.03(A)(i)(3), the Company has elected to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after such Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before
the Redemption Date by Physical Settlement, then the Company may instead elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business Day no more than sixty (60), nor less than thirty (30), calendar days after such Redemption Notice Date. 

(E) Redemption Price. The Redemption Price for any Note called for Redemption is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of
such Note plus accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, the Redemption Date for such Redemption; provided, however, that if such Redemption Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest
Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Redemption, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, the
unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that 

- 41 - 

such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date, if such Redemption Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Redemption Price will not include accrued and
unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Redemption Date occurs on
the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid interest on Notes to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next
Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date; and (y) the Redemption Price will include interest on Notes to be redeemed from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(F) Redemption Notice. To call any Notes for Redemption, the Company must send to each Holder of such Notes, the Trustee and the Paying
Agent a written notice of such Redemption (a Redemption Notice). 

Such Redemption Notice must state: 

(i) that such Notes have been called for Redemption, briefly describing the Companys Redemption right under this
Indenture; 

(ii) the Redemption Date for such Redemption; 

(iii) the Redemption Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Redemption (and, if the Redemption Date is after a
Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso to Section 4.03(E)); 

(iv) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent; 

(v) that Notes called for Redemption may be converted at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day
immediately before the Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full); 

(vi) the Conversion Rate in effect on the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and a description and quantification of
any adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Redemption (including pursuant to Section 5.07); 

(vii) the Settlement Method that will apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after such
Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before such Redemption Date; and 

(viii) the CUSIP
and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

On or before the Redemption Notice Date, the Company will send a copy of such Redemption Notice
to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent. 

- 42 - 

(G) Selection and Conversion of Notes to Be Redeemed in Part. If less than all Notes
then outstanding are called for Redemption, then: 

(i) the Notes to be redeemed will be selected as follows: (1) in
the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the Depositary Procedures; and (2) in the case of Physical Notes, by lot or by such other method the Trustee considers fair and appropriate; and 

(ii) if only a portion of a Note is subject to Redemption and such Note is converted in part, then the converted portion of
such Note will be deemed to be from the portion of such Note that was subject to Redemption. 

(H) Payment of the Redemption Price.
Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Redemption Price by the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Redemption Price for a Note (or portion thereof) subject to Redemption to
be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the applicable Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to Section 4.03(E) on any Note (or portion thereof) subject to Redemption must
be paid pursuant to such proviso. 

(I) Special Provisions for Partial Calls. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the
outstanding Notes pursuant to this Section 4.03, and the Holder of any Note, or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note, is reasonably not able to determine, before the Close of Business on the sixty-second
(62nd) Scheduled Trading Day (or, if, in accordance with Section 5.03(A)(i)(3), the Company has elected to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the Redemption Notice Date for such
Redemption and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the Redemption Date by Physical Settlement, the tenth (10th) calendar day) immediately before the Redemption Date for such Redemption, whether such Note or beneficial
interest, as applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such Redemption, then such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time before the Close of Business on the second
(2nd) Business Day immediately before such Redemption Date, and each such conversion will be deemed to be of a Note called for Redemption for purposes of this Section 4.03 and Sections5.01(C)(i)(4) and
5.07. 

Article 5. CONVERSION 

Section 5.01. RIGHTTO CONVERT. 

(A) Generally. Subject to the provisions of this Article 5, each Holder may, at its option, convert such Holders Notes
into Conversion Consideration. 

(B) Conversions in Part. Subject to the terms of this Indenture, Notes may be converted in part,
but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this Article 5 applying to the conversion of a Note in whole will equally apply to conversions of a permitted portion of a Note. 

(C) When Notes May Be Converted. 

(i) Generally. Subject to Section 5.01(C)(ii), a Note may be converted only in the following
circumstances: 

- 43 - 

(1) Conversion upon Satisfaction of Common Stock Sale Price
Condition. A Holder may convert its Notes during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025, if the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock exceeds
one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the Conversion Price for each of at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the
immediately preceding calendar quarter. 

(2) Conversion upon Satisfaction of Note Trading Price Condition. A Holder
may convert its Notes during the five (5) consecutive Business Days immediately after any ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (such ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period, the Measurement Period) that ends on
or after June 30, 2025 if the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder in accordance with the procedures set forth below, for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than
ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. The condition set forth in the preceding sentence is referred to in this Indenture
as the Trading Price Condition. 

The Trading Price will be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this
Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if not the Company) will have no obligation to determine the Trading Price of the Notes unless the Company has requested
such determination in writing, and the Company will have no obligation to make such request (or seek bids itself) unless a Holder provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes would be less
than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If a Holder provides such evidence, then the Company will (if acting as Bid Solicitation Agent), or will instruct the
Bid Solicitation Agent to, determine the Trading Price of the Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to ninety eight percent
(98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. If the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, then the Company will notify the Holders,
the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same. If, on any Trading Day after the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to ninety eight percent (98%)
of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, then the Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same. 

- 44 - 

(3) Conversion upon Specified Corporate Events. 

(a) Certain Distributions. If, before September 17, 2029, the Company elects to: 

(I) distribute, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, any rights, options or warrants (other than rights issued
pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, so long as such rights have not separated from the Common Stock and are not exercisable until the occurrence of a triggering event, except that such rights will be deemed to be distributed under this clause
(I) upon their separation from the Common Stock or upon the occurrence of such triggering event) entitling them, for a period of not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the record date of such distribution, to subscribe for or
purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before
the date such distribution is announced (determined in the manner set forth in the third paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(ii)); or 

(II) distribute, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, assets or securities of the Company or rights to
purchase the Companys securities, which distribution per share of Common Stock has a value, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors, exceeding ten percent (10%) of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the
Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, 

then, in either case, (x) the Company will send notice of
such distribution, and of the related right to convert Notes, to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent at least sixty-five (65) Scheduled Trading Days before the Ex-Dividend Date for such
distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan or the occurrence of any such triggering event under a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company
becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will occur); and (y) once the Company has sent such notice, Holders may convert their Notes at any time until the earlier of the Close of Business on the Business Day
immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date and the Companys announcement that such distribution will not take place; provided, however, that the Notes will not become convertible pursuant to
clause (y) above (but the Company will be required to send notice of such distribution pursuant to clause (x) above) on account of such distribution if each Holder participates, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Common
Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder, in such 

- 45 - 

distribution without having to convert such Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the
record date for such distribution; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder on such record date; provided, further, that if the Company is then otherwise permitted to settle
conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company has not elected (or been deemed to have elected) another Settlement Method to apply, including pursuant to Section 5.03(A)(i)(1)),
then the Company may instead elect to provide such notice at least ten (10) Scheduled Trading Days before such Ex-Dividend Date, in which case (x) the Company must settle all conversions of Notes
with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the date the Company provides such notice and on or before the Business Day immediately before the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or any earlier
announcement by the Company that such distribution will not take place) by Physical Settlement; and (y) such notice must state that all such conversions will be settled by Physical Settlement. 

(b) Certain Corporate Events. If a Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change (other than a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof) or Common Stock Change Event occurs (other than a merger or other business combination transaction that is effected solely to change the Companys jurisdiction of
incorporation and that does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), then, in each case, Holders may convert their Notes at any time from, and including, the effective date of such transaction or event to, and
including, the thirty fifth (35th) Trading Day after such effective date (or, if such transaction or event also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date); provided, however, that if the Company does not provide the notice referred to in the immediately following sentence by such effective date, then the last day on which the Notes are convertible pursuant to this
sentence will be extended by the number of Business Days from, and including, such effective date to, but excluding, the date the Company provides such notice. No later than the Business Day after such effective date, the Company will send notice to
the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such transaction or event, such effective date and the related right to convert Notes. 

(4) Conversion upon Redemption. If the Company calls any or all Notes for Redemption, then the Holder of any Note may
convert such Note at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the related Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until
such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full). 

- 46 - 

(5) Conversions During Free Convertibility Period. A Holder may
convert its Notes at any time from, and including, September 17, 2029 until the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes may become convertible pursuant to any one or more of the preceding
sub-paragraphs of this Section 5.01(C)(i) and the Notes ceasing to be convertible pursuant to a particular sub-paragraph of this
Section 5.01(C)(i) will not preclude the Notes from being convertible pursuant to any other sub-paragraph of this Section 5.01(C)(i). 

(ii) Limitations and Closed Periods. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes: 

(1) Notes may be surrendered for conversion only after the Open of Business and before the Close of Business on a day that is a
Business Day; 

(2) in no event may any Note be converted after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading
Day immediately before the Maturity Date; 

(3) if the Company calls any Note for Redemption pursuant to
Section 4.03, then the Holder of such Note may not convert such Note after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the applicable Redemption Date, except to the extent the Company fails to
pay the Redemption Price for such Note in accordance with this Indenture; and 

(4) if a Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice is validly delivered pursuant to Section 4.02(F) with respect to any Note, then such Note may not be converted, except to the extent (a) such Note is not subject to such notice; (b) such notice is withdrawn
in accordance with Section 4.02(F); or (c) the Company fails to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such Note in accordance with this Indenture. 

Section 5.02. CONVERSION PROCEDURES. 

(A) Generally. 

(i) Global Notes. To convert a beneficial interest in a Global Note that is convertible pursuant to
Section 5.01(C), the owner of such beneficial interest must (1) comply with the Depositary Procedures for converting such beneficial interest (at which time such conversion will become irrevocable); and (2) pay
any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E). 

(ii)
Physical Notes. To convert all or a portion of a Physical Note that is convertible pursuant to Section 5.01(C), the Holder of such Note must (1) complete, manually sign and deliver to the Conversion Agent the
conversion notice attached to such Physical Note or a facsimile of such conversion notice; (2) deliver such Physical Note to the Conversion Agent (at which time such conversion will become irrevocable); (3) furnish any endorsements and transfer
documents that the Company or the Conversion Agent may require; and (4) pay any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E). 

- 47 - 

(B) Effect of Converting a Note. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for
a Note (or any portion thereof) to be converted, such Note (or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or interest due, pursuant to Section 5.03(B) or 5.02(D), upon
such conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Person will be deemed to be a Holder of such Note (or such portion thereof) as of the Close of Business on such Conversion Date), except to the extent
provided in Section 5.02(D). 

(C) Holder of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any
share of Common Stock is issuable upon conversion of any Note will be deemed to become the holder of record of such share as of the Close of Business on (i) the Conversion Date for such conversion, in the case of Physical Settlement; or
(ii) the last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for such conversion, in the case of Combination Settlement. 

(D) Interest
Payable Upon Conversion in Certain Circumstances. If the Conversion Date of a Note is after a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record
Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such conversion (and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything set forth in the proviso to this sentence), to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, the
unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Holder surrendering
such Note for conversion must deliver to the Conversion Agent, at the time of such surrender, an amount of cash equal to the amount of such interest referred to in clause (i) above; provided, however, that the Holder surrendering
such Note for conversion need not deliver such cash (v) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after such Regular Record Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date;
(w) if such Conversion Date occurs after the Regular Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date; (x) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after such Regular Record Date and on or before the
Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date; or (y) to the extent of any Additional Interest, Special Interest, overdue interest or interest that has accrued on any overdue interest. For the avoidance of doubt, as a result of, and
without limiting the generality of, the foregoing, if a Note is converted with a Conversion Date that is after the Regular Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date, then the Company will pay, as provided above, the interest that would have
accrued on such Note to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Date of a Note to be converted is on an Interest Payment Date, then the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on the Regular Record Date
immediately before such Interest Payment Date will be entitled to receive, on such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that has accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date, and such Note, when surrendered for
conversion, need not be accompanied by any cash amount pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.02(D). 

- 48 - 

(E) Taxes and Duties. If a Holder converts a Note, the Company will pay any
documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or duty due on the issue or delivery of any shares of Common Stock upon such conversion; provided, however, that if any tax or duty is due because such Holder requested such shares to
be registered in a name other than such Holders name, then such Holder will pay such tax or duty and, until having received a sum sufficient to pay such tax or duty, the Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver any such shares to be issued in a
name other than that of such Holder. 

(F) Conversion Agent to Notify Company of Conversions. If any Note is submitted for
conversion to the Conversion Agent or the Conversion Agent receives any notice of conversion with respect to a Note, then the Conversion Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Trustee of such occurrence, together with any other information
reasonably requested by the Company, and will cooperate with the Company to determine the Conversion Date for such Note. 

Section 5.03.
SETTLEMENT UPON CONVERSION. 

(A) Settlement Method. Upon the conversion of any
Note, the Company will settle such conversion by paying or delivering, as applicable and as provided in this Article 5, either (x) shares of Common Stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in
Section 5.03(B)(i)(1) (a Physical Settlement); (y) solely cash as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(2) (a Cash Settlement); or (z) a combination of cash and
shares of Common Stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) (a Combination Settlement). 

(i) The Companys Right to Elect Settlement Method. The Company will have the right to elect the Settlement Method
applicable to any conversion of a Note; provided, however, that: 

(1) subject to clause
(3) below, all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after September 17, 2029 will be settled using the same Settlement Method, and the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to Holders, the Trustee
and the Conversion Agent no later than the Open of Business on September 17, 2029; 

(2) subject to clause
(3) below, if the Company elects a Settlement Method with respect to the conversion of any Note whose Conversion Date occurs before September 17, 2029, then the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to the Holder of such
Note, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately after such Conversion Date; 

(3) if any Notes are called for Redemption, then (1) the Company will specify, in the related Redemption Notice (and, in
the case of a Redemption of less than all outstanding Notes, in a notice simultaneously sent to all Holders of Notes not called for Redemption) sent pursuant to Section 4.03(F), the Settlement Method that will apply to all
conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that 

- 49 - 

occurs on or after the related Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before the related Redemption Date; and (2) if such Redemption Date occurs on or after
September 17, 2029, then such Settlement Method must be the same Settlement Method that, pursuant to clause (1) above, applies to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after September 17, 2029; 

(4) the Company will use the same Settlement Method for all conversions of Notes with the same Conversion Date (and, for the
avoidance of doubt, the Company will not be obligated to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions of Notes with different Conversion Dates, except as provided in clause (1) or (3) above); 

(5) if the Company does not timely elect a Settlement Method with respect to the conversion of a Note, then the Company will be
deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely make such election will not constitute a Default); 

(6) if, with respect to any conversion with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the Reserved Share Effective Date, the
Company timely elects Combination Settlement with respect to the conversion of a Note but does not timely notify the Holder of such Note of the applicable Specified Dollar Amount, then the Specified Dollar Amount for such conversion will be deemed
to be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely send such notification will not constitute a Default); 

(7) the Settlement Method will be subject to Sections4.03(D), 5.09(A)(2) and 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a); and

(8) from and after the Reserved Share Effective Date, if it occurs, the Company will no longer have the right or ability
to elect Capped Net Share Settlement to apply to any conversion with a Conversion Date that is on or after the Reserved Share Effective Date. 

(ii) The Companys Right to Irrevocably Fix the Settlement Method. The Company will have the right,
exercisable at its election by sending notice of such exercise to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent), to (1) irrevocably fix the Settlement Method that will apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date
that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders; or (2) irrevocably elect Combination Settlement to apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders, and
eliminate a Specified Dollar Amount or range of Specified Dollar Amounts that will apply to such conversions, provided, in each case, that (w) the Settlement Method(s) so elected pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above
must be a Settlement Method or Settlement Method(s), as applicable, that the Company is then permitted to elect (for the avoidance of doubt, including pursuant to, and subject to, the other provisions of this
Section 5.03(A)); (w) no such irrevocable election or Default Settlement Method change will 

- 50 - 

affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to this Indenture (including pursuant to Section 8.01(G) or
this Section 5.03(A)); (x) before the Reserved Share Effective Date, in no event may the Company elect (whether directly or by eliminating all other Settlement Methods) any Settlement Method other than Capped Net Share
Settlement; (y) upon any such irrevocable election pursuant to clause (1) above, the Default Settlement Method will automatically be deemed to be set to the Settlement Method so fixed; and (z) upon any such irrevocable election
pursuant to clause (2) above, the Company will, if needed, simultaneously change the Default Settlement Method to Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount that is consistent with such irrevocable election. Such notice, if
sent, must set forth the applicable Settlement Method and expressly state that the election is irrevocable and applicable to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders. For the
avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made, will be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 8.01(G) (it being understood, however, that the Company may
nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option). 

(iii) Requirement to Publicly Disclose the Fixed or
Default Settlement Method. If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method pursuant to clause (x) of the proviso to the definition of such term or irrevocably fixes the Settlement Method(s) pursuant
Section 5.03(A)(ii), then the Company will either post the Default Settlement Method or fixed Settlement Method(s), as applicable, on its website or disclose the same in a Current Report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) that is filed with the SEC. 

(B) Conversion Consideration. 

(i) Generally. Subject to Section 5.03(B)(ii) and
Section 5.03(B)(iii), the type and amount of consideration (the Conversion Consideration) due in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of a Note to be converted will be as follows: 

(1) if Physical Settlement applies to such conversion, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in
effect on the Conversion Date for such conversion; 

(2) if Cash Settlement applies to such conversion, cash in an amount
equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion; or 

(3) if Combination Settlement (including Capped Net Share Settlement) applies to such conversion, consideration consisting of
(a) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the sum of the Daily Share Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion; and (b) an amount of cash equal to the sum of the Daily Cash Amounts for each VWAP
Trading Day in such Observation Period. 

- 51 - 

(ii) Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares. If Physical Settlement or
Combination Settlement applies to the conversion of any Note and the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i) upon such conversion is not a whole number, then such number will be rounded
down to the nearest whole number and the Company will deliver, in addition to the other consideration due upon such conversion, cash in lieu of the related fractional share in an amount equal to the product of (1) such fraction and (2) (x) the
Daily VWAP on the Conversion Date for such conversion (or, if such Conversion Date is not a VWAP Trading Day, the immediately preceding VWAP Trading Day), in the case of Physical Settlement; or (y) the Daily VWAP on the last VWAP Trading Day of
the Observation Period for such conversion, in the case of Combination Settlement. 

(iii) Conversion of Multiple Notes
by a Single Holder. If a Holder converts more than one (1) Note on a single Conversion Date, then the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such conversion will (in the case of any Global Note, to the extent permitted by, and
practicable under, the Depositary Procedures) be computed based on the total principal amount of Notes converted on such Conversion Date by such Holder. 

(iv) Notice of Calculation of Conversion Consideration. If Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to the
conversion of any Note, then the Company will determine the Conversion Consideration due thereupon promptly following the last VWAP Trading Day of the applicable Observation Period and will promptly thereafter send notice to the Trustee and the
Conversion Agent of the same and the calculation thereof in reasonable detail. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any duty to make any such determination. 

(C) Delivery of the Conversion Consideration. Except as set forth in Sections5.05(D) and 5.09, the Company will
pay or deliver, as applicable, the Conversion Consideration due upon the conversion of any Note to the Holder as follows: (i) if Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to such conversion, on or before the second (2nd) Business Day
immediately after the last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for such conversion; and (ii) if Physical Settlement applies to such conversion, on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after the Conversion Date for such
conversion; provided, however, that if Physical Settlement applies to the conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date that is after the Regular Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date, or of any note that has been called (or
deemed called) for Redemption with a Conversion Date that occurs during the fifteen (15) calendar days preceding the related Redemption Date, then, solely for purposes of such conversion, (x) the Company will pay or deliver, as applicable,
the Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion no later than the Maturity Date (or, if the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day), in the case of a conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date that is after the Regular
Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date, or such Redemption Date, in the case of a conversion of any Note that has been called (or deemed called) for Redemption with a Conversion Date that occurs during the fifteen (15) calendar days
preceding such Redemption Date; and (y) the Conversion Date will instead be deemed to be the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the settlement date referred to in clause (x). 

- 52 - 

(D) Deemed Payment of Principal and Interest; Settlement of Accrued Interest
Notwithstanding Conversion. If a Holder converts a Note, then the Company will not adjust the Conversion Rate to account for any accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, and, except as provided in
Section 5.02(D), the Companys delivery of the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such conversion will be deemed to fully satisfy and discharge the Companys obligation to pay the principal of, and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on, such Note to, but excluding the Conversion Date. As a result, except as provided in Section 5.02(D), any accrued and unpaid interest on a converted Note will be deemed to be paid in full
rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. In addition, subject to Section 5.02(D), if the Conversion Consideration for a Note consists of both cash and shares of Common Stock, then accrued and unpaid interest that
is deemed to be paid therewith will be deemed to be paid first out of such cash. 

Section 5.04. RESERVEAND
STATUSOF COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON CONVERSION. 

(A) Stock Reserve. At all times when any Notes are outstanding: (i) prior to the Reserved Share Effective date, the Company will
reserve (out of its authorized and not outstanding shares of Common Stock that are not reserved for other purposes) a number of shares equal to (1) the Aggregate Share Cap, less (2) the excess, if any, of (x) the actual aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock (subject to proportionate adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits or stock combinations with respect to the Common Stock) that were issued or otherwise delivered upon settlement of all Notes whose conversion has
previously been settled, over (y) the number of shares of Common Stock (subject to proportionate adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits or stock combinations with respect to the Common Stock), if any, actually received by the Company
under the Capped Call Transactions (as the same may be amended) in connection with the converted Notes referred to in immediately preceding clause (x); and (ii) from and after the Reserved Share Effective Date, the Company will reserve
(out of its authorized and not outstanding shares of Common Stock that are not reserved for other purposes) the Maximum Number of Conversion Shares for all then-outstanding Notes. To the extent the Company delivers shares of Common Stock held in its
treasury in settlement of the conversion of any Notes, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection therewith will be deemed to include such delivery, mutatis mutandis. 

(B) Status of Conversion Shares; Listing. Each Conversion Share, if any, delivered upon conversion of any Note will be a newly issued
or treasury share (except that any Conversion Share delivered by a designated financial institution pursuant to Section 5.08 need not be a newly issued or treasury share) and will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from preemptive rights and free of any lien or adverse claim (except to the extent of any lien or adverse claim created by the action or inaction of the Holder of such Note or the Person to whom
such Conversion Share will be delivered). If the Common Stock is then listed on any securities exchange, or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system, then the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Conversion Share, when
delivered upon conversion of any Note, to be admitted for listing on such exchange or quotation on such system. 

- 53 - 

Section 5.05. ADJUSTMENTSTOTHE
CONVERSION RATE. 

(A) Events Requiring an Adjustment to the Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate
will be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(i) Stock Dividends, Splits and Combinations. If the Company issues
solely shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Common Stock (in each case excluding an issuance solely
pursuant to a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply), then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the Open of Business on the effective
date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable, without giving effect to such dividend,
distribution, stock split or stock combination; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination.

If any dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in this
Section 5.05(A)(i) is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Rate will be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution or to
effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination not been declared or announced. 

(ii) Rights, Options and Warrants. If the Company distributes, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock,
rights, options or warrants (other than rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as to which Sections 5.05(A)(iii)(1) and 5.05(F) will apply) entitling such holders, for a period of not more than
sixty (60) calendar days after the record date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten
(10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

- 54 - 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = a number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants by (y) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten
(10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced.

To the extent such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Rate will be
readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of only the rights, options or warrants, if any, actually distributed. In addition, to the extent
that shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants (including as a result of such rights, options or warrants not being exercised), the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate
that would then be in effect had the increase to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered upon exercise of such rights, option or warrants. 

For purposes of this Section 5.05(A)(ii) and Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a)(I), in determining
whether any rights, options or warrants entitle holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten
(10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date the distribution of such rights, options or warrants is announced, and in determining the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights,
options or warrants, there will be taken into account any consideration the Company receives for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise thereof, with the value of such consideration, if not cash, to be determined by the
Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 

- 55 - 

(iii) Spin-Offs and Other Distributed Property. 

(1) Distributions Other than Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its
indebtedness or other assets or property of the Company, or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock of the Company or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding: 

(u) dividends, distributions, rights, options or warrants for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would
be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(i) or 5.05(A)(ii); 

(v) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would
be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iv); 

(w) rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, except to the extent provided in
Section 5.05(F); 

(x) Spin-Offs for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or
would be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2); 

(y) a distribution solely pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, as to which
Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply; and 

(z) a distribution solely pursuant to a Common Stock Change
Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply, 

then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on
the following formula: 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

- 56 - 

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before such
Ex-Dividend Date; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as of such Ex-Dividend Date, of the shares of Capital Stock, evidences of
indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants distributed per share of Common Stock pursuant to such distribution;

provided, however, that if FMV is equal to or greater than SP, then, in lieu
of the foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such distribution, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock,
and without having to convert its Notes, the amount and kind of shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants that such Holder would have received if such Holder had owned, on such record date, a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on such record date. 

To the extent such distribution is not so
paid or made, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(2) Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes or dividends shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity
interests, of or relating to an Affiliate, a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to (x) a Common Stock Change Event, as to which
Section 5.09 will apply; or (y) a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, as to which Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply), and such Capital Stock or equity interests are listed
or quoted (or will be listed or quoted upon the consummation of the transaction) on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the
following formula: 

- 57 - 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such
Spin-Off;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period;

FMV = the product of (x) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share or unit of the Capital Stock or equity interests distributed in such Spin-Off over the ten (10) consecutive
Trading Day period (the Spin-Off Valuation Period) beginning on, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such
Spin-Off (such average to be determined as if references to Common Stock in the definitions of Last Reported Sale Price, Trading Day and Market Disruption Event were instead references to such Capital Stock or
equity interests); and (y) the number of shares or units of such Capital Stock or equity interests distributed per share of Common Stock in such Spin-Off; and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for each Trading Day in the Spin-Off Valuation Period.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2), (i)
if any VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for a Note whose conversion will be settled pursuant to Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will be deemed to consist
of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including, such VWAP Trading Day; and (ii) if the
Conversion Date for a Note whose conversion will be settled pursuant to Physical Settlement occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then, solely
for purposes of determining the Conversion Consideration for such conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including, such Conversion Date. 

To the extent any dividend or distribution of the type set forth in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2) is declared but not
made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(iv) Cash Dividends or Distributions. If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders
of Common Stock, then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

- 58 - 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP = the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date; and

D = the cash amount distributed per share of Common Stock in such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, that if D is equal to or greater than SP, then, in lieu of
the foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such dividend or distribution, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of
Common Stock, and without having to convert its Notes, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder had owned, on such record date, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on such record
date. 

To the extent such dividend or distribution is declared but not made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the
Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(v) Tender Offers or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender
offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under the Exchange Act), and the
value (determined as of the Expiration Time by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of the cash and other consideration paid per share of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer exceeds the Last Reported Sale
Price per share of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately after the last date (the Expiration Date) on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (as it may be amended), then the
Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

- 59 - 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period;

AC = the aggregate value (determined as of the time (the Expiration Time) such tender or exchange offer expires by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of all cash and other consideration
paid for shares of Common Stock purchased or exchanged in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Expiration Time (including all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (excluding all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period) beginning on, and including, the Trading
Day immediately after the Expiration Date;

provided, however, that the Conversion Rate will in no event be adjusted down pursuant to
this Section 5.05(A)(v), except to the extent provided in the immediately following paragraph. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.05(A)(v), (i) if any VWAP Trading Day of
the Observation Period for a Note whose conversion will be settled pursuant to Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely for purposes of
determining the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after
the Expiration Date for such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such VWAP Trading Day; and (ii) if the Conversion Date for a Note whose conversion will be settled pursuant to Physical Settlement occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer
Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Consideration for such conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the
period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date to, and including, such Conversion Date. 

To the extent
such tender or exchange offer is announced but not consummated (including as a result of the Company being precluded from consummating such tender or exchange offer under applicable law), or any purchases or exchanges of shares of Common Stock in
such tender or exchange offer are rescinded, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the purchases or exchanges of shares of Common Stock, if any,
actually made, and not rescinded, in such tender or exchange offer. 

- 60 - 

(B) No Adjustments in Certain Cases. 

(i) Where Holders Participate in the Transaction or Event Without Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in Section 5.05(A), the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of a transaction or other event otherwise requiring an adjustment pursuant to Section 5.05(A)
(other than a stock split or combination of the type set forth in Section 5.05(A)(i) or a tender or exchange offer of the type set forth in Section 5.05(A)(v)) if each Holder participates, at the
same time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder of Notes, in such transaction or event without having to convert such Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the related record date; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder on such date. 

(ii) Certain Events. The Company will not be required to adjust the Conversion Rate except as provided in
Section 5.05 or Section 5.07. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of: 

(1) except as otherwise provided in Section 5.05, the sale of shares of Common Stock for a purchase
price that is less than the market price per share of Common Stock or less than the Conversion Price; 

(2) the issuance of
any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any
such plan; 

(3) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock
pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program of, or assumed by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(4) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or convertible or exchangeable security
of the Company outstanding as of the Issue Date; 

(5) solely a change in the par value of the Common Stock; or 

(6) accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 

- 61 - 

(C) Adjustment Deferral. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required
by this Article 5 would result in a change of less than one percent (1%) to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, the Company may, at its election, defer such adjustment, except that all
such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in a change of at least one percent (1%) to the Conversion Rate; (ii) the Conversion Date
of, or any VWAP Trading Day of an Observation Period for, any Note; (iii) the date a Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs; (iv) the date the Company calls any Notes for Redemption; and (v) September 17,
2029. 

(D) Adjustments Not Yet Effective. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if: 

(i) a Note is to be converted and Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to such conversion; 

(ii) the record date, effective date or Expiration Time for any event that requires an adjustment to the Conversion Rate
pursuant to Section 5.05(A) has occurred on or before the Conversion Date for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or on or before any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such conversion (in the
case of Combination Settlement), but an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for such event has not yet become effective as of such Conversion Date or VWAP Trading Day, as applicable; 

(iii) the Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion includes any whole shares of Common Stock (in the case of Physical
Settlement) or due in respect of such VWAP Trading Day includes any whole or fractional shares of Common Stock (in the case of Combination Settlement); and 

(iv) such shares are not entitled to participate in such event (because they were not held on the related record date or
otherwise), 

then, solely for purposes of such conversion, the Company will, without duplication, give effect to such adjustment on such Conversion Date
(in the case of Physical Settlement) or such VWAP Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement). In such case, if the date on which the Company is otherwise required to deliver the consideration due upon such conversion is before the first
date on which the amount of such adjustment can be determined, then the Company will delay the settlement of such conversion until the second (2nd) Business Day after such first date. 

(E) Conversion Rate Adjustments where Converting Holders Participate in the Relevant Transaction or Event. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if: 

(i) a Conversion Rate adjustment for any dividend or distribution becomes
effective on any Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to Section 5.05(A); 

(ii) a Note is to be converted pursuant to Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement; 

(iii) the Conversion Date for such conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation
Period for such conversion (in the case of Combination Settlement) occurs on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or before the related record date; 

- 62 - 

(iv) the Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion includes any
whole shares of Common Stock (in the case of Physical Settlement) or due in respect of such VWAP Trading Day includes any whole or fractional shares of Common Stock (in the case of Combination Settlement), in each case based on a Conversion Rate
that is adjusted for such dividend or distribution; and 

(v) such shares would be entitled to participate in such dividend
or distribution (including pursuant to Section 5.02(C)), 

then (x) in the case of Physical Settlement, such Conversion Rate
adjustment will not be given effect for such conversion and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion based on such unadjusted Conversion Rate will not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution, but there will be
added, to the Conversion Consideration otherwise due upon such conversion, the same kind and amount of consideration that would have been delivered in such dividend or distribution with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares been
entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution; and (y) in the case of Combination Settlement, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date will be made for such conversion
in respect of such VWAP Trading Day, but the shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to such VWAP Trading Day based on such adjusted Conversion Rate will not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution. 

(F) Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of any Notes into Common Stock,
the Holder converting such Notes will receive, in addition to any shares of Common Stock such Holder receives in connection with such conversion, the rights under such stockholder rights plan. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the
rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) at the time of
such separation as if the Company distributed, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, shares of its capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants as described above in
Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1), subject to readjustment in accordance with the final paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1). 

(G) Limitation on Effecting Transactions Resulting in Certain Adjustments. The Company will not engage in or be a party to any
transaction or event that would require the Conversion Rate to be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A) or Section 5.07 to an amount that would result in the Conversion Price per share of Common
Stock being less than the par value per share of Common Stock. 

(H) Equitable Adjustments to Prices. Whenever any provision of this
Indenture requires the Company to calculate the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices, or any function thereof, over a period of multiple days (including to calculate the Stock Price or an adjustment to the Conversion Rate), or to calculate Daily
VWAPs, Daily Conversion Values, Daily Cash Amounts or Daily Share Amounts over an Observation Period, the Company will, if appropriate, make proportionate adjustments to such calculations to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that
becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, effective date or Expiration Date, as applicable, of such event occurs, at any time during such period
or Observation Period, as applicable. 

- 63 - 

(I) Calculation of Number of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock. For purposes of
Section 5.05(A), the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time will (i) include shares issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock; and
(ii) exclude shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury (unless the Company pays any dividend or makes any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in its treasury). 

(J) Calculations. All calculations with respect to the Conversion Rate and adjustments thereto will be made to the nearest 1/10,000th
of a share of Common Stock (with 5/100,000ths rounded upward). 

(K) Notice of Conversion Rate Adjustments. Upon the effectiveness
of any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A), the Company will promptly send notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent containing (i) a brief description of the transaction or
other event on account of which such adjustment was made; (ii) the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such adjustment; and (iii) the effective time of such adjustment. 

Section 5.06. VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENTS. 

(A) Generally. To the extent permitted by law and applicable stock exchange rules, the Company, from time to time, may (but is not
required to) increase the Conversion Rate by any amount if (i) the Board of Directors determines that such increase is either (x) in the best interest of the Company; or (y) advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax imposed on
holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock as a result of any dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) of Common Stock or any similar event; (ii) such increase is in effect for a period of at least twenty
(20) Business Days; and (iii) such increase is irrevocable during such period. 

(B) Notice of Voluntary Increases. If the
Board of Directors determines to increase the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.06(A), then, no later than the first Business Day of the related twenty (20) Business Day period referred to in
Section 5.06(A), the Company will send notice to each Holder, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such increase, the amount thereof and the period during which such increase will be in effect. 

Section 5.07. ADJUSTMENTSTOTHE CONVERSION RATEIN
CONNECTIONWITHA MAKE-WHOLE FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. 

(A) Generally. If a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs and the Conversion Date for the conversion of a Note occurs during the related
Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period, then, subject to this Section 5.07, the Conversion Rate applicable to such conversion will be increased by a number of shares (the Additional Shares) set
forth in the table below corresponding (after interpolation as provided in, and subject to, the provisions below) to the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date and the Stock Price of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change: 

- 64 - 

Stock Price 

Make-Whole Fundamental

Change Effective Date $11.73 $13.00 $15.54 $18.00 $20.20 $25.00 $30.00 $40.00 $50.00 $60.00 $70.00 

March 7, 2025 20.9107 17.0123 11.6474 8.3394 6.3139 3.6068 2.1013 0.7415 0.2362 0.0463 0.0000 

March 15, 2026 20.9107 17.0123 11.5772 8.1033 6.0124 3.2880 1.8297 0.5818 0.1562 0.0175 0.0000 

March 15, 2027 20.9107 17.0123 11.0940 7.4917 5.3812 2.7404 1.4123 0.3718 0.0666 0.0000 0.0000 

March 15, 2028 20.9107 16.6269 10.0869 6.3894 4.3282 1.9356 0.8660 0.1533 0.0048 0.0000 0.0000 

March 15, 2029 20.9107 15.2354 8.0315 4.3633 2.5653 0.8420 0.2657 0.0073 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

March 15, 2030 20.9107 12.5823 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

If such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date or Stock Price is not set forth in the table above, then:

(i) if such Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date
is between two dates in the table above, then the number of Additional Shares will be determined by straight-line interpolation between the numbers of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices in the table above or the
earlier and later dates in the table above, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable; and 

(ii) if the Stock Price is greater than $70.00 (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the
column headings of the table above are adjusted pursuant to Section 5.07(B)), or less than $11.73 (subject to adjustment in the same manner), per share, then no Additional Shares will be added to the Conversion Rate. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, in no event will the Conversion Rate be increased to an amount that
exceeds 85.2514 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which amount is subject to adjustment in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Rate is required to be adjusted pursuant
to Section 5.05(A). 

For the avoidance of doubt, but subject to Section 4.03(I), (x)
the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for Redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice, and not with respect to any other Notes; and (y) the
Conversion Rate applicable to the Notes not so called for Redemption will not be subject to increase pursuant to this Section 5.07 on account of such Redemption Notice. 

(B) Adjustment of Stock Prices and Number of Additional Shares. The Stock Prices in the first row (i.e., the column headers) of
the table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Price is adjusted as a result of the operation of
Section 5.05(A). The numbers of Additional Shares in the table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the
Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A). 

- 65 - 

(C) Notice of the Occurrence of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Company will
notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of each Make-Whole Fundamental Change (i) occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof in accordance with Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b); and
(ii) occurring pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof in accordance with Section 4.03(F). 

Section 5.08. EXCHANGEIN LIEUOF CONVERSION. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, and subject to the terms of this Section 5.08, if
a Note is submitted for conversion, the Company may elect to arrange to have such Note exchanged in lieu of conversion by a financial institution designated by the Company. To make such election, the Company must send notice of such election to the
Holder of such Note, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately following the Conversion Date for such Note. If the Company has made such election, then: 

(A) no later than the Business Day immediately following such Conversion Date, the Company must deliver (or cause the Conversion Agent to
deliver) such Note, together with delivery instructions for the Conversion Consideration due upon such conversion (including wire instructions, if applicable), to a financial institution designated by the Company that has agreed to deliver such
Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time the Company would have had to deliver the same pursuant to this Article 5; 

(B) if such Note is a Global Note, then (i) such designated institution will send written confirmation to the Conversion Agent promptly
after wiring the cash Conversion Consideration, if any, and delivering any other Conversion Consideration, due upon such conversion to the Holder of such Note; and (ii) the Conversion Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter
contact such Holders custodian with the Depositary to confirm receipt of the same; and 

(C) such Note will not cease to be
outstanding by reason of such exchange in lieu of conversion; 

provided, however, that if such financial institution does not accept such
Note or fails to timely deliver such Conversion Consideration, then the Company will be responsible for delivering such Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time provided in this Article 5 as if the Company had not elected to
make an exchange in lieu of conversion. 

Section 5.09. EFFECTOF COMMON STOCK
CHANGE EVENT. 

(A) Generally. If there occurs any: 

(i) recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than (x) changes solely resulting from a
subdivision or combination of the Common Stock, (y) a change only in par value or from par value to no par value or no par value to par value and (z) stock splits and stock combinations that do not involve the issuance of any other series
or class of securities); 

(ii) consolidation, merger, combination or binding or statutory share exchange involving the
Company; 

- 66 - 

(iii) sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person; or 

(iv) other similar event, 

and, as a result of which, the Common Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other
property, or any combination of the foregoing (such an event, a Common Stock Change Event, and such other securities, cash or property, the Reference Property, and the amount and kind of Reference Property that
a holder of one (1) share of Common Stock would be entitled to receive on account of such Common Stock Change Event (without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property), a
Reference Property Unit), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, 

(1) from and after the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, (I) the Conversion Consideration due upon
conversion of any Note, and the conditions to any such conversion, will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in this Article 5 (or in any related definitions) were instead a reference
to the same number of Reference Property Units; (II) for purposes of Section 4.03, each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in such Section (or in any related definitions) will instead be deemed to be a
reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; and (III) for purposes of the definitions of Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change, references to Common Stock and the Companys
common equity will be deemed to refer to the common equity (including depositary receipts representing common equity), if any, forming part of such Reference Property; 

(2) if such Reference Property Unit consists entirely of cash, then the Company will be deemed to elect Physical Settlement in
respect of all conversions whose Conversion Date occurs on or after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event and will pay the cash due upon such conversions no later than the tenth (10th) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date;
and 

(3) for these purposes, (I) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that consists of a
class of common equity securities will be determined by reference to the definition of Daily VWAP, substituting, if applicable, the Bloomberg page for such class of securities in such definition; and (II) the Daily VWAP of any
Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of common equity securities, and the Last Reported Sale Price of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of securities, will be the
fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable, determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof). 

- 67 - 

If the Reference Property consists of more than a single type of consideration to be
determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election, then the composition of the Reference Property Unit will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received, per share of Common Stock, by
the holders of Common Stock. The Company will notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. 

At or before the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, the Company and the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (if not the
Company) of such Common Stock Change Event (the Successor Person) will execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 8.01(F), which supplemental indenture will
(x) provide for subsequent conversions of Notes in the manner set forth in this Section 5.09; (y) provide for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) in a
manner consistent with this Section 5.09; and (z) contain such other provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders and to give effect to
the provisions of this Section 5.09(A). If the Reference Property includes shares of stock or other securities or assets (other than cash) of a Person other than the Successor Person, then such other Person will also
execute such supplemental indenture and such supplemental indenture will contain such additional provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders. 

(B) Notice of Common Stock Change Events. The Company will provide notice of each Common Stock Change Event to Holders, the Trustee and
the Conversion Agent no later than the Business Day after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event. 

(C) Compliance
Covenant. The Company will not become a party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 5.09. 

Article 6. SUCCESSORS 

Section 6.01. WHENTHE COMPANY MAY MERGE, ETC. 

(A) Generally. The Company will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or (directly, or indirectly through one or more of its
Subsidiaries) sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (a Business Combination
Event), unless: 

(i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person either (x) is the Company or (y) if
not the Company, is a Qualified Successor Entity (such Qualified Successor Entity, the Successor Entity) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia
that expressly assumes (by executing and delivering to the Trustee, at or before the effective time of such Business Combination Event, a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 8.01(E)) all of the Companys
obligations under this Indenture and the Notes; and 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such Business Combination
Event, no Default will have occurred and be continuing. 

- 68 - 

(B) Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee.
Before the effective time of any Business Combination Event, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, each stating that (i) such Business Combination Event (and, if applicable, the related
supplemental indenture) comply with Section 6.01(A); and (ii) all conditions precedent to such Business Combination Event provided in this Indenture have been satisfied. 

Section 6.02. SUCCESSOR ENTITY SUBSTITUTED. 

At the effective time of any Business Combination Event that complies with Section 6.01, the Successor Entity (if
not the Company) will succeed to, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture and the Notes with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company in this Indenture and the Notes, and, except
in the case of a lease, the predecessor Company will be discharged from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. 

Section 6.03.
EXCLUSIONFOR ASSET TRANSFERSWITH WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 6, this Article 6 will not apply to any transfer of assets between or
among the Company and any one or more of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries not effected by merger or consolidation. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such transfer, the transferee will not succeed to the transferor, and the transferor will
not be discharged from its obligations, under this Indenture and the Notes. 

Article 7. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 7.01. EVENTSOF DEFAULT. 

(A) Definition of Events of Default. Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(i) a default in the payment when due (whether at maturity, upon Redemption or Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or otherwise)
of the principal of, or the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, any Note; 

(ii) a default for
thirty (30) consecutive days in the payment when due of interest on any Note; 

(iii) the Companys failure to
deliver, when required by this Indenture, a Fundamental Change Notice, or a notice pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3), if (in the case of any notice other than a notice pursuant to
Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)) such failure is not cured within three (3) Business Days after its occurrence; 

(iv) a default in the Companys obligation to convert a Note in accordance with Article 5 upon the exercise of the
conversion right with respect thereto, if such default is not cured within two (2) Business Days after its occurrence; 

(v) a default in the Companys obligations under Article 6; 

- 69 - 

(vi) a default in any of the Companys obligations or agreements under
this Indenture or the Notes (other than a default set forth in clause(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of this Section 7.01(A)) where such default is not cured or waived within
sixty (60) days after notice to the Company by the Trustee, or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, which notice must specify such default,
demand that it be remedied and state that such notice is a Notice of Default; 

(vii) a default by the Company
or any of the Companys Subsidiaries with respect to any one or more mortgages, agreements or other instruments under which there is outstanding, or by which there is secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed of at least thirty
five million dollars ($35,000,000) (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries, whether such indebtedness exists as of the Issue Date or is thereafter created, where such default:

(1) constitutes a failure to pay the principal of such indebtedness when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon
required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case after the expiration of any applicable grace period; or 

(2) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable before its stated maturity, 

in each case where such default is not cured or waived within thirty (30) days after notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the
Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding; 

(viii) one or more final judgments being rendered against the Company or any of the Companys Significant Subsidiaries for
the payment of at least thirty five million dollars ($35,000,000) (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate (excluding any amounts covered by insurance), where such judgment is not discharged or stayed within sixty (60) days after
(i) the date on which the right to appeal the same has expired, if no such appeal has commenced; or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; 

(ix) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, either: 

(1) commences a voluntary case or proceeding; 

(2) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding; 

(3) consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property; 

(4) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

- 70 - 

(5) takes any comparable action under any foreign Bankruptcy Law; or 

(6) generally is not paying its debts as they become due; or 

(x) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that either: 

(1) is for relief against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding; 

(2) appoints a custodian of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or for any substantial part of the property of
the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; 

(3) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company or any of its
Significant Subsidiaries; or 

(4) grants any similar relief under any foreign Bankruptcy Law, 

and, in each case under this Section 7.01(A)(x), such order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for at least
sixty (60) days. 

(B) Cause Irrelevant. Each of the events set forth in Section 7.01(A) will
constitute an Event of Default regardless of the cause thereof or whether voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or
governmental body. 

Section 7.02. ACCELERATION. 

(A) Automatic Acceleration in Certain Circumstances. If an Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(ix)
or 7.01(A)(x) occurs with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company), then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will
immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any Person. 

(B) Optional Acceleration. Subject to
Section 7.03, if an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(ix) or 7.01(A)(x) with respect to the Company and not solely with respect to a Significant
Subsidiary of the Company) occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee,
may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. For the avoidance of doubt, if such Event of Default is not continuing at the time such notice is
provided (that is, such Event of Default has been cured or waived as of such time), then such notice will not be effective to cause such amounts to become due and payable immediately. 

- 71 - 

(C) Rescission of Acceleration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Indenture or the Notes, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, on behalf of all Holders, rescind any acceleration of the Notes and its consequences if
(i) such rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (ii) all existing Events of Default (except the non-payment of principal of, or interest
on, the Notes that has become due solely because of such acceleration) have been cured or waived. No such rescission will affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

Section 7.03. SOLE REMEDYFORAFAILURETOREPORT. 

(A) Generally. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company may
elect that the sole remedy for any Event of Default (a Reporting Event of Default) pursuant to Section 7.01(A)(vi) arising from the Companys failure to comply with
Section 3.02 will, for each of the first one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days on which a Reporting Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, consist exclusively of the accrual of Special Interest on the
Notes. If the Company has made such an election, then (i) the Notes will be subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02 on account of the relevant Reporting Event of Default from, and including, the one hundred
and eighty first (181st) calendar day on which a Reporting Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if the Company fails to pay any accrued and unpaid Special Interest when due; and (ii) Special Interest will cease to accrue on any
Notes from, and including, such one hundred and eighty first (181st) calendar day (it being understood that interest on any defaulted Special Interest will nonetheless accrue pursuant to Section 2.05(B)). 

(B) Amount and Payment of Special Interest. Any Special Interest that accrues on a Note pursuant to
Section 7.03(A) will be payable on the same dates and in the same manner as the Stated Interest on such Note and will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal amount thereof
for the first ninety (90) days on which Special Interest accrues and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however, that in no event will Special
Interest payable at the Companys election pursuant to Section 7.03(A) as the sole remedy for any Reporting Event of Default, together with any Additional Interest (excluding any interest that accrues on any Deferred
Additional Interest) that may accrue as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any report (other than Form 8-K reports) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder), pursuant to Section 3.04, accrue on any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one half of one
percent (0.50%). For the avoidance of doubt, any Special Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to the Stated Interest that accrues on such Note and, subject to the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence, in addition to any
Additional Interest and Deferred Additional Interest that accrues on such Note. 

(C) Notice of Election. To make the election set
forth in Section 7.03(A), the Company must send to the Holders, the Trustee and the Paying Agent, before the date on which each Reporting Event of Default first occurs, a notice that (i) briefly describes the report(s)
that the Company failed to file with the SEC; (ii) states that the Company is electing that the sole remedy for such Reporting Event of Default consist of the accrual of Special Interest; and (iii) briefly describes the periods during
which and rate at which Special Interest will accrue and the circumstances under which the Notes will be subject to acceleration on account of such Reporting Event of Default. 

- 72 - 

(D) Notice to Trustee and Paying Agent; Trustees Disclaimer. If Special
Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five (5) Business Days before each date on which such Special Interest is to be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating
(i) that the Company is obligated to pay Special Interest on such Note on such date of payment; and (ii) the amount of such Special Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any
Special Interest is payable or the amount thereof. 

(E) No Effect on Other Events of Default. No election pursuant to this
Section 7.03 with respect to a Reporting Event of Default will affect the rights of any Holder with respect to any other Event of Default, including with respect to any other Reporting Event of Default. 

Section 7.04. OTHER REMEDIES. 

(A) Trustee May Pursue All Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee may pursue any available remedy
to collect the payment of any amounts due with respect to the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes. 

(B) Procedural Matters. The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of
them in such proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy following an Event of Default will not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of, or acquiescence in, such Event of Default. All
remedies will be cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

Section 7.05. WAIVEROFPASTDEFAULTS. 

A Default that is (or, after notice, passage of time or both, would be) an Event of Default pursuant to
clause(i), (ii), (iv) or (vi) of Section 7.01(A) (that, in the case of clause (vi) only, results from a Default under any covenant that cannot be amended without the
consent of each affected Holder) can be waived only with the consent of each affected Holder. Each other Default may be waived, on behalf of all Holders, by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. If an
Event of Default is so waived, then it will cease to exist. If a Default is so waived, then it will be deemed to be cured and any Event of Default arising therefrom will be deemed not to occur. However, no such waiver will extend to any subsequent
or other Default or impair any right arising therefrom. Each such waiver of a Default will have the effect set forth in Section 8.04(D). 

Section 7.06. CUREOF DEFAULTS; ABILITYTO CUREOR WAIVE BEFORE EVENTOF DEFAULT OCCURS. 

For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the manner in which any Default can be cured, (A) a Default consisting of a failure to
send a notice in accordance with this Indenture will be cured upon the sending of such notice; (B) a Default in making any payment on (or delivering any other consideration in respect of) any Note will be cured upon the delivery, in accordance

- 73 - 

with this Indenture, of such payment (or other consideration) together, if applicable, with Default Interest thereon; and (C) a Default that is (or, after notice, passage of time or both,
would be) a Reporting Event of Default will be cured upon the filing of the relevant report(s) giving rise to such Default. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, if a Default that is not an Event of Default is cured or waived before such Default
would have constituted an Event of Default, then no Event of Default will result from such Default. 

Section 7.07. CONTROLBY MAJORITY. 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may
direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law, this
Indenture or the Notes, or that, subject to Section 10.01, the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders or may involve the Trustee in liability, unless the Trustee is offered (and, if
requested, provided with) security and indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such direction. 

Section 7.08. LIMITATIONON SUITS. 

No Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes (except to enforce (x) its rights to receive the principal of,
or the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, or interest on, any Notes; or (y) the Companys obligations to convert any Notes pursuant to Article 5), unless: 

(A) such Holder has previously delivered to the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing; 

(B) Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding deliver a request to the Trustee
to pursue such remedy; 

(C) such Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee security and indemnity satisfactory to
the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such request; 

(D) the
Trustee does not comply with such request within sixty (60) calendar days after its receipt of such request and such offer of security or indemnity; and 

(E) during such sixty (60) calendar day period, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding do not
deliver to the Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with such request. 

A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice the
rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Holders use of this Indenture complies with the preceding sentence. 

- 74 - 

Section 7.09. ABSOLUTE RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO INSTITUTE SUITFORTHE ENFORCEMENTOFTHE RIGHTTO RECEIVE PAYMENTAND CONVERSION CONSIDERATION. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture
or the Notes (but without limiting Section 8.01), the right of each Holder of a Note to bring suit for the enforcement of any payment or delivery, as applicable, of the principal of, or the Redemption Price or Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price for, or any interest on, or the Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5 upon conversion of, such Note on or after the respective due dates therefor provided in this Indenture and the Notes, will not be
impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 7.10. COLLECTION SUITBY
TRUSTEE. 

The Trustee will have the right, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to
clause(i), (ii) or (iv) of Section 7.01(A), to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the total unpaid or undelivered principal of, or
Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, or interest on, or Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5 upon conversion of, the Notes, as applicable, and, to the extent lawful, any Default Interest on any Defaulted
Amounts, and such further amounts sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including compensation provided for in Section 10.06. 

Section 7.11. TRUSTEE MAY FILE PROOFSOF CLAIM. 

The Trustee has the right to (A) file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Trustee and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes) or its creditors or property and (B) collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable
or deliverable on any such claims. Each Holder authorizes any custodian in such proceeding to make such payments to the Trustee, and, if the Trustee consents to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount
due to the Trustee for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts payable to the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.06. To the extent that
the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements, advances and other amounts out of the estate in such proceeding, is denied for any reason, payment of the same will be secured by a lien (senior to the rights of Holders) on, and will be
paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding (whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise).
Nothing in this Indenture will be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize, consent to, accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder,
or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

- 75 - 

Section 7.12. PRIORITIES. 

The Trustee will pay or deliver in the following order any money or other property that it collects pursuant to this Article 7: 

First: to the Trustee and its agents and attorneys for amounts due under Section 10.06,
including payment of all fees, compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent) and the costs and expenses of collection; 

Second: to Holders for unpaid amounts or other property due on the Notes, including the principal of, or the Redemption
Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, or any interest on, or any Conversion Consideration due upon conversion of, the Notes, ratably, and without preference or priority of any kind, according to such amounts or other property due and
payable on all of the Notes; and 

Third: to the Company or such other Person as a court of competent jurisdiction
directs. 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment or delivery to the Holders pursuant to this
Section 7.12, in which case the Trustee will instruct the Company to, and the Company will, deliver, at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such record date, to each Holder and the Trustee a notice stating such
record date, such payment date and the amount of such payment or nature of such delivery, as applicable. 

Section 7.13. UNDERTAKINGFOR COSTS. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or the Notes or
in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court, in its discretion, may (A) require the filing by any litigant party in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and (B) assess
reasonable costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) against any litigant party in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such litigant party; provided, however, that this
Section 7.13 does not apply to any suit by the Trustee, any suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 7.09 or any suit by one or more Holders of more than ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount
of the Notes then outstanding. 

Article 8. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS 

Section 8.01. WITHOUTTHE CONSENTOF HOLDERS. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.02, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this
Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder to: 

(A) cure any ambiguity or correct any omission, defect or inconsistency in
this Indenture or the Notes; 

- 76 - 

(B) add guarantees with respect to the Companys obligations under this Indenture or
the Notes; 

(C) secure the Notes; 

(D) add to the Companys covenants or Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred on the
Company; 

(E) provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes pursuant to, and in
compliance with, Article 6; 

(F) enter into supplemental indentures pursuant to, and in accordance with,
Section 5.09 in connection with a Common Stock Change Event; 

(G) irrevocably elect or eliminate any Settlement
Method or Specified Dollar Amount; provided, however, that (i) no such election or elimination will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to
Section 5.03(A); and (ii) before the Reserved Share Effective Date, no such election or elimination will require or permit the Company to elect (whether directly or by eliminating all other Settlement Methods) any
Settlement Method other than Capped Net Share Settlement; 

(H) evidence or provide for the acceptance of the appointment, under this
Indenture, of a successor Trustee; 

(I) conform the provisions of this Indenture and the Notes to the Description of Notes
section of the Companys preliminary offering memorandum, dated March 3, 2025, related to the offering of the Notes, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet, dated March 4, 2025; 

(J) provide for or confirm the issuance of additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.03(B); 

(K) comply with any requirement of the SEC in connection with any qualification of this Indenture or any supplemental indenture under the
Trust Indenture Act, as then in effect; or 

(L) make any other change to this Indenture or the Notes that does not, individually or in the
aggregate with all other such changes, adversely affect the rights of the Holders, as such, in any material respect. 

At the written
request of any Holder of a Note or owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note, the Company will provide a copy of the Description of Notes section and pricing term sheet referred to in Section 8.01(I). 

- 77 - 

Section 8.02. WITHTHE CONSENTOF
HOLDERS. 

(A) Generally. Subject to Sections 8.01, 7.05 and 7.09 and the immediately
following sentence, the Company and the Trustee may, with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of
this Indenture or the Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing sentence, but subject to Section 8.01, without the consent of each affected Holder, no amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the
Notes, or waiver of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes, may: 

(i) reduce the principal, or extend the stated
maturity, of any Note; 

(ii) reduce the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note or change the
times at which, or the circumstances under which, the Notes may or will be redeemed or repurchased by the Company; 

(iii)
reduce the rate, or extend the time for the payment, of interest on any Note; 

(iv) make any change that adversely affects
the conversion rights of any Note; 

(v) impair the rights of any Holder set forth in Section 7.09
(as such section is in effect on the Issue Date); 

(vi) change the ranking of the Notes; 

(vii) make any Note payable in money, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in this Indenture or the Note; 

(viii) reduce the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification; or

(ix) make any direct or indirect change to any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification provision of this Indenture
or the Notes that requires the consent of each affected Holder. 

(B) Holders Need Not Approve the Particular Form of any Amendment.
A consent of any Holder pursuant to this Section 8.02 need approve only the substance, and not necessarily the particular form, of the proposed amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.03. NOTICEOF AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTSAND WAIVERS.

As soon as reasonably practicable after any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to Section 8.01 or 8.02
becomes effective, the Company will send to the Holders and the Trustee notice that (A) describes the substance of such amendment, supplement or waiver in reasonable detail and (B) states the effective date thereof; provided,
however, that the Company will not be required to provide such notice to the Holders if such amendment, supplement or waiver is included in a periodic report filed by the Company with the SEC within four (4) Business Days of its
effectiveness. The failure to send, or the existence of any defect in, such notice will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

- 78 - 

Section 8.04. REVOCATION, EFFECTAND
SOLICITATIONOF CONSENTS; SPECIAL RECORD DATES; ETC. 

(A) Revocation and Effect of Consents. The consent of a Holder of a Note to an amendment, supplement or waiver will bind (and constitute
the consent of) each subsequent Holder of any Note to the extent the same evidences any portion of the same indebtedness as the consenting Holders Note, subject to the right of any Holder of a Note to revoke (if not prohibited pursuant to
Section 8.04(B)) any such consent with respect to such Note by delivering notice of revocation to the Trustee before the time such amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. 

(B) Special Record Dates. The Company may, but is not required to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders
entitled to consent or take any other action in connection with any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 8. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
Section 8.04(A), only Persons who are Holders as of such record date (or their duly designated proxies) will be entitled to give such consent, to revoke any consent previously given or to take any such action, regardless of
whether such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date; provided, however, that no such consent will be valid or effective for more than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after such record date. 

(C) Solicitation of Consents. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the consent of a Holder will
be deemed to include any such consent obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, any Notes. 

(D)
Effectiveness and Binding Effect. Each amendment or supplement to this Indenture, or waiver of any Default, Event of Default or compliance with any provision of this Indenture, will become effective in accordance with its terms and, when it
becomes effective with respect to any Note (or any portion thereof), will thereafter bind every Holder of such Note (or such portion). 

Section 8.05. NOTATIONSAND EXCHANGES. 

If any amendment, supplement or waiver changes the terms of a Note, then the Trustee or the Company may, in its discretion, require the Holder
of such Note to deliver such Note to the Trustee so that the Trustee may place an appropriate notation prepared by the Company on such Note and return such Note to such Holder. Alternatively, at its discretion, the Company may, in exchange for such
Note, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Note that reflects the changed terms. The failure to make any appropriate notation or issue a new Note
pursuant to this Section 8.05 will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

- 79 - 

Section 8.06. TRUSTEETO EXECUTE
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES. 

The Trustee will execute and deliver any amendment or supplemental indenture
authorized pursuant to this Article 8; provided, however, that the Trustee need not (but may, in its sole and absolute discretion) execute or deliver any such amendment or supplemental indenture that the Trustee concludes
adversely affects the Trustees rights, duties, liabilities or immunities. In executing any amendment or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive, and (subject to Sections10.01 and 10.02) will be
fully protected in relying on, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the execution and delivery of such amendment or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture; and (B) in the
case of the Opinion of Counsel, such amendment or supplemental indenture is valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

Article 9. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 9.01. TERMINATIONOF COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS. 

This Indenture will be discharged, and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued under this Indenture, when: 

(A) all Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to Section 2.13) have (i) been delivered to
the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) become due and payable (whether on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Maturity Date, upon conversion or otherwise) for an amount of cash or Conversion Consideration, as applicable,
that has been fixed; 

(B) the Company has caused there to be irrevocably deposited with the Trustee, or with the Paying Agent (or, with
respect to Conversion Consideration, the Conversion Agent), in each case for the benefit of the Holders, or has otherwise caused there to be delivered to the Holders, cash (or, with respect to Notes to be converted, Conversion Consideration)
sufficient to satisfy all amounts or other property due on all Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to Section 2.13); 

(C) the Company has paid all other amounts payable by it under this Indenture; and 

(D) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that the conditions
precedent to the discharge of this Indenture have been satisfied; 

provided, however, that Article 10 and
Section 11.01 will survive such discharge and, until no Notes remain outstanding, Section 2.15 and the obligations of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent with respect to money or
other property deposited with them will survive such discharge. 

At the Companys request, the Trustee will acknowledge the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

Section 9.02. REPAYMENTTO COMPANY. 

Subject to applicable unclaimed property law, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will promptly notify the Company if there
exists (and, at the Companys request, promptly deliver to the Company) any cash, Conversion Consideration or other property held by any of them for payment or delivery on the Notes that remain unclaimed two (2) years

- 80 - 

after the date on which such payment or delivery was due. After such delivery to the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will have no further liability to any Holder
with respect to such cash, Conversion Consideration or other property, and Holders entitled to the payment or delivery of such cash, Conversion Consideration or other property must look to the Company for payment as a general creditor of the
Company. 

Section 9.03. REINSTATEMENT. 

If the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent is unable to apply any cash or other property deposited with it pursuant to
Section 9.01 because of any legal proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or other governmental authority that enjoins, restrains or otherwise prohibits such application, then the discharge of this Indenture
pursuant to Section 9.01 will be rescinded; provided, however, that if the Company thereafter pays or delivers any cash or other property due on the Notes to the Holders thereof, then the Company will be
subrogated to the rights of such Holders to receive such cash or other property from the cash or other property, if any, held by the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent, as applicable. 

Article 10. TRUSTEE 

Section 10.01. DUTIESOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received written notice or obtains
actual knowledge of same, then the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in
the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

(B) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(i) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee need
perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) in the absence of bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the
statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel that are provided to the Trustee and conform to the requirements of this Indenture. However, the Trustee will examine the
certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture. 

(C) The Trustee may not be
relieved from liabilities for its negligence or willful misconduct, except that: 

(i) this paragraph will not limit the
effect of Section 10.01(B); 

(ii) the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made
in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

- 81 - 

(iii) the Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or
omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 7.07. 

(D) Each
provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (A), (B) and (C) of this Section 10.01, regardless of whether such provision so expressly provides. 

(E) No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability. 

(F) The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it, except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company.
Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds, except to the extent required by law. 

(G) The Trustee will
not be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes. 

(H) Whether or not therein provided, every provision
of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee will be subject to this Section 10.01. 

Section 10.02. RIGHTSOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) The Trustee may conclusively rely on any document that it believes to be genuine and signed or presented by the proper Person, and the
Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in such document. 

(B) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may
require an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee may consult
with counsel; and the written advice of such counsel, or any Opinion of Counsel, will constitute full and complete authorization of the Trustee to take or omit to take any action in good faith in reliance thereon without liability. 

(C) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any such agent
appointed with due care. 

(D) The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith and that it believes
to be authorized or within the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture. 

(E) Unless otherwise specifically provided in this
Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company. 

(F) The
Trustee need not exercise any rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any Holder unless such Holder has offered (and, if requested, provided with) the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee
against any loss, liability or expense that it may incur in complying with such request or direction. 

- 82 - 

(G) The Trustee will not be responsible or liable for any punitive, special, indirect or
consequential loss or damage (including lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(H) The permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated in this Indenture will not be construed as duties. 

(I) The Trustee will not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution or performance of this Indenture or otherwise.

(J) Unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received notice from the Company that Additional Interest is owing on the Notes or
that the Company has elected to pay Special Interest on the Notes, the Trustee may assume no Additional Interest or Special Interest, as applicable, is payable. 

(K) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to,
and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent. 

(L) The Trustee will not
be charged with knowledge of any document or agreement other than this Indenture and the Notes. 

(M) Neither the Trustee nor any Note
Agent will have any responsibility or liability to any person for any action taken or not taken by, or any records or any other aspect of the operations of, the Depositary (including the delivery of notices, or the making of payments, through the
facilities of the Depositary) and may conclusively rely, without investigation, on any information provided by the Depositary. 

Section 10.03.
INDIVIDUAL RIGHTSOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

The Trustee, in its
individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of any Note and may otherwise deal with the Company or any of its Affiliates with the same rights that it would have if it were not Trustee; provided, however, that if
the Trustee acquires a conflicting interest (within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act), then it must eliminate such conflict within ninety (90) days or resign as Trustee. Each Note Agent will have the
same rights and duties as the Trustee under this Section 10.03. 

Section 10.04.
TRUSTEES DISCLAIMER. 

The Trustee will not be (A) responsible for, and makes no
representation as to, the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes; (B) accountable for the Companys use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company or upon the Companys direction under any provision
of this Indenture; (C) responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee; and (D) responsible for any statement or recital in this Indenture, the Notes or any other document relating to
the sale of the Notes or this Indenture, other than the Trustees certificate of authentication. 

- 83 - 

Section 10.05. NOTICEOF DEFAULTS. 

If a Default occurs and is continuing and is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, then the Trustee will send Holders a
notice of such Default within ninety (90) days after it occurs or, if it is not actually known to the Trustee at such time, promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days) after it becomes known to a Responsible Officer of the
Trustee; provided, however, that, except in the case of a Default in the payment of the principal of, or interest on, any Note, or a Default in the payment or delivery of any Conversion Consideration upon conversion of any Note, the
Trustee may withhold such notice if and for so long as it in good faith determines that withholding such notice is in the interests of the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not be required to deliver such notice at any time after
such Default is cured or waived. The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless (A) written notice thereof has been received by a Responsible Officer; and (B) such
notice references the Notes and this Indenture and states on its face that a Default or Event of Default, as applicable, has occurred. 

Section 10.06. COMPENSATIONAND INDEMNITY. 

(A) The Company will, from time to time, pay the Trustee reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services under this
Indenture, as separately agreed by the Company and the Trustee. The Trustees compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. In addition to the compensation for the Trustees services, the
Company will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it under this Indenture, including the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees
agents and counsel. 

(B) The Company will indemnify the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture or the Notes) and its
directors, officers, employees and agents, in their capacities as such, against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture,
including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Company (including this Section 10.06) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, any Holder or any other Person) or
liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties under this Indenture, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense is attributable to its negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final
decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Trustee will promptly notify the Company of any claim for which it may seek indemnity, but the Trustees failure to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company of its obligations under
this Section 10.06(B), except to the extent the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure. The Company will defend such claim, and the Trustee will cooperate in such defense. If the Trustee is advised by counsel that
it may have defenses available to it that are in conflict with the defenses available to the Company, or that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest, then the Trustee may retain separate counsel, and the Company will pay the reasonable
fees and expenses of such counsel (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Trustee incurred in evaluating whether such a conflict exists). The Company need not pay for any settlement of any such claim made without its consent,
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

- 84 - 

(C) The obligations of the Company under this Section 10.06 will
survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the discharge of this Indenture. 

(D) To secure the Companys payment
obligations in this Section 10.06, the Trustee will have a lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of, or interest on, particular Notes,
which lien will survive the discharge of this Indenture. 

(E) If the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default
pursuant to clause(ix) or (x) of Section 7.01(A) occurs, then such expenses and the compensation for such services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to
constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. 

Section 10.07. REPLACEMENTOFTHE
TRUSTEE. 

(A) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.07, a resignation or
removal of the Trustee, and the appointment of a successor Trustee, will become effective only upon such successor Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 10.07. 

(B) The Trustee may resign at any time and be discharged from the trust created by this Indenture by so notifying the Company. The Holders of
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing. The Company may remove the Trustee if: 

(i) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 10.09; 

(ii) the Trustee is adjudged to be bankrupt or insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under
any Bankruptcy Law; 

(iii) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or 

(iv) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

(C) If the Trustee resigns or is removed, or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Trustee for any reason, then (i) the Company will
promptly appoint a successor Trustee; and (ii) at any time within one (1) year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may appoint a successor Trustee
to replace such successor Trustee appointed by the Company. 

(D) If a successor Trustee does not take office within sixty (60) days
after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, then the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of at least ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for
the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

(E) If the Trustee, after written request by a Holder of at least six (6) months, fails to
comply with Section 10.09, then such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

- 85 - 

(F) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring
Trustee and to the Company, upon which notice the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee
will send notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee will, upon payment of all amounts due to it under this Indenture, promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, which property will, for the
avoidance of doubt, be subject to the lien provided for in Section 10.06(D). 

Section 10.08. SUCCESSOR
TRUSTEEBY MERGER, ETC. 

Any entity into which the Trustee may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee is a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the
Trustee, will (without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Indenture) be the successor of the Trustee under this Indenture, provided that such entity is otherwise qualified and
eligible to act as such under this Article 10. 

Section 10.09. ELIGIBILITY; DISQUALIFICATION. 

There will at all times be a Trustee under this Indenture that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United
States of America or of any state thereof, that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least
$100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

Article 11. MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 11.01. NOTICES. 

Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other will be deemed to have been duly given if in writing and delivered in
person or by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured electronic communication or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, or to the others
address, which initially is as follows: 

If to the Company: 

Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 

1950
Camino Vida Roble 

Carlsbad, CA 92008 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: tmarshall@atecspine.com and TKoning@atecspine.com 

- 86 - 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

12670 High Bluff Drive 

San
Diego, CA 92130 

Attention: Matthew T. Bush, Esq. 

Email: Matt.Bush@lw.com 

If to
the Trustee: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

U.S. Bank Tower 

633 West 5th
Street, 24th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071 

Attention: Bradley E. Scarbrough (Alphatec Holdings, Inc. Administrator) 

Email: bradley.scarbrough@usbank.com 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraph, notices to the Trustee (other than a notice pursuant to
Section 2.12) or any Note Agent must be in writing and will be deemed to have been given upon actual receipt by the Trustee or such Note Agent, as applicable. 

The Company or the Trustee, by notice to the other, may designate additional or different addresses (including electronic addresses) for
subsequent notices or communications. 

Any communication sent to Trustee under this Indenture that requires a signature must be in the
form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by an authorized representative of the Company). The Company agrees to
assume all risks arising out of its use of digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have been duly given: (A) at the time delivered
by hand, if personally delivered; (B) five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; (C) when receipt acknowledged, if transmitted by electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured
electronic communication; and (D) the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery. 

All notices or communications required to be made to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture must be made in writing and will be deemed to be duly
sent or given in writing if mailed by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to its address shown on the Register; provided, however, that a
notice or communication to a Holder of a Global Note may, but need not, instead be sent pursuant to the Depositary Procedures (in which case, such notice will be deemed to be duly sent or given in writing). The failure to send a notice or
communication to a Holder, or any defect in such notice or communication, will not affect its sufficiency with respect to any other Holder. 

- 87 - 

If the Trustee is then acting as the Depositarys custodian for the Notes, then, at the
reasonable request of the Company to the Trustee, the Trustee will cause any notice prepared by the Company to be sent to any Holder(s) pursuant to the Depositary Procedures, provided such request is evidenced in a Company Order delivered,
together with the text of such notice, to the Trustee at least two (2) Business Days before the date such notice is to be so sent. For the avoidance of doubt, such Company Order need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate or
Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee will not have any liability relating to the contents of any notice that it sends to any Holder pursuant to any such Company Order. 

If a notice or communication is mailed or sent in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it will be deemed to have been duly
given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes,
(A) whenever any provision of this Indenture requires a party to send notice to another party, no such notice need be sent if the sending party and the recipient are the same Person acting in different capacities; and (B) whenever any
provision of this Indenture requires a party to send notice to more than one receiving party, and each receiving party is the same Person acting in different capacities, then only one such notice need be sent to such Person. 

Section 11.02. DELIVERYOF OFFICERS CERTIFICATEAND
OPINIONOF COUNSELASTO CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 

Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture (other than the initial authentication of
Notes under this Indenture), the Company will furnish to the Trustee: 

(A) an Officers Certificate that complies with
Section 11.03 and states that, in the opinion of the signatory thereto, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to such action have been satisfied; and 

(B) an Opinion of Counsel that complies with Section 11.03 and states that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such
conditions precedent and covenants, if any, have been satisfied. 

Section 11.03. STATEMENTS REQUIREDIN OFFICERS CERTIFICATEAND OPINIONOF COUNSEL. 

Each Officers Certificate (other than an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 3.05) or Opinion of
Counsel with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture will include: 

(A) a statement that the
signatory thereto has read such covenant or condition; 

(B) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or
investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained therein are based; 

(C) a statement that, in the opinion of such signatory,
he, she or it has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him, her or it to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and 

- 88 - 

(D) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of such signatory, such covenant or condition
has been satisfied. 

Section 11.04. RULESBYTHE TRUSTEE, THE
REGISTRAR, THE PAYING AGENTANDTHE CONVERSION AGENT. 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent may make
reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 11.05. NO PERSONAL
LIABILITYOF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEESAND STOCKHOLDERS. 

No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any
obligations of the Company under this Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and
release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes. 

Section 11.06. GOVERNING LAW;
WAIVEROF JURY TRIAL. 

THIS INDENTURE AND THE NOTES, AND ANY CLAIM,
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES. 

Section 11.07. SUBMISSIONTO JURISDICTION. 

Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated by this Indenture may be
instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York, in each case located in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each
party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any
applicable statute or rule of court) to such partys address set forth in Section 11.01 will be effective service of process for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court. Each of the Company, the
Trustee and each Holder (by its acceptance of any Note) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees
not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

-89- 

Section 11.08. NO ADVERSE INTERPRETATIONOF OTHER AGREEMENTS. 

Neither this Indenture nor the Notes may be used to interpret any
other indenture, note, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person, and no such indenture, note, loan or debt agreement may be used to interpret this Indenture or the Notes. 

Section 11.09. SUCCESSORS. 

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture will
bind its successors. 

Section 11.10. FORCE MAJEURE. 

The Trustee and each Note Agent will not incur any liability for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility
under this Indenture or the Notes by reason of any occurrence beyond its control (including any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, act of God or war, civil unrest, local or national disturbance or
disaster, act of terrorism or unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility). 

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT ACT. 

The Company acknowledges that, in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions, in
order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The Company
agrees to provide the Trustee with such information as it may request to enable the Trustee to comply with the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

Section 11.12.
CALCULATIONS. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, the Company will be responsible for making all
calculations called for under this Indenture or the Notes, including determinations of the Last Reported Sale Price, the Daily Conversion Value, the Daily Cash Amount, the Daily Share Amount, the Daily VWAP, the Trading Price, accrued interest on
the Notes (including Additional Interest or Deferred Additional Interest), the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, the Conversion Rate, the Stock Price, the Daily Share Cap and the Aggregate Share Cap. 

The Company will make all calculations in good faith, and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on all Holders.
The Company will provide a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may rely conclusively on the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent
verification. The Trustee will promptly forward a copy of each such schedule to a Holder upon its written request therefor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not be obligated to make or confirm any calculations called for under this
Indenture or the Notes. 

- 90 - 

Section 11.13. SEVERABILITY. 

If any provision of this Indenture or the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this Indenture or the Notes will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 11.14.
COUNTERPARTS. 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, and
all of them together represent the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Indenture by facsimile, electronically in portable document format or in any other format will be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart. 

Section 11.15. TABLEOF CONTENTS, HEADINGS, ETC. 

The table of contents and the headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are
not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions of this Indenture. 

Section 11.16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. 

Each Holder of a Note agrees, and each beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, by its acquisition of such interest, is deemed to
agree, that if the Company or other applicable withholding agent (including the Trustee) pays withholding taxes or backup withholding on behalf of such Holder or beneficial owner as a result of an adjustment or the
non-occurrence of an adjustment to the Conversion Rate, then the Company or such withholding agent, as applicable, may, at its option, withhold from or set off such payments against payments of cash or the
delivery of other Conversion Consideration on such Note, any payments on the Common Stock or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, such Holder or the beneficial owner of such Note. 

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

- 91 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Indenture have caused this Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first written above. 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ J. Todd Koning

Name: J. Todd Koning

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[Insert
Global Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Restricted Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Non-Affiliate Legend] 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

0.75% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

CUSIP No.: [___][Insert for a restricted CUSIP number: *] Certificate No. [___]

ISIN No.: [___][Insert for a restricted ISIN number: *] 

Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for value received, promises to pay to [Cede & Co.],
or its registered assigns, the principal sum of [___] dollars ($[___]) [(as revised by the attached Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note)] on March 15, 2030 and to pay
interest thereon, as provided in the Indenture referred to below, until the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest are paid or duly provided for. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on [date]. 

Regular Record Dates: March 1 and September 1. 

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this Note. 

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

* 

This Note will be deemed to be identified by CUSIP No. [___] and ISIN No. [___] from and after such time when
the Company delivers, pursuant to Section 2.12 of the within-mentioned Indenture, written notice to the Trustee of the deemed removal of the Restricted Note Legend affixed to this Note. 

Insert language for Global Notes only. 

A-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. has caused this instrument to be duly
executed as of the date set forth below. 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

0.75% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
designated as its 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), all issued or to be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the
Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used in this Note without definition have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 

The Indenture sets forth the rights and obligations of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders and the terms of the Notes. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Note, to the extent that any provision of this Note conflicts with the provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture will control. 

1. Interest. This Note will accrue interest at a rate and in the manner set forth in Section 2.05 of the Indenture. Stated
Interest on this Note will begin to accrue from, and including, [date]. 

2. Maturity. This Note will mature on
March 15, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. 

3. Method of Payment. Cash amounts due on this Note will
be paid in the manner set forth in Section 2.04 of the Indenture. 

4. Persons Deemed Owners. The Holder of this Note will be
treated as the owner of this Note for all purposes. 

5. Denominations; Transfers and Exchanges. All Notes will be in registered
form, without coupons, in principal amounts equal to any Authorized Denominations. Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note may transfer or exchange this Note by presenting it to the Registrar and delivering any required
documentation or other materials. 

6. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes upon a Fundamental Change. If a
Fundamental Change occurs, then each Holder will have the right to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in
Section 4.02 of the Indenture. 

7. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes. The Company will have the right to redeem the
Notes for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 4.03 of the Indenture. 

8. Conversion. The Holder
of this Note may convert this Note into Conversion Consideration in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Article 5 of the Indenture. 

A-4 

9. When the Company May Merge, Etc. Article 6 of the Indenture places limited
restrictions on the Companys ability to be a party to a Business Combination Event. 

10. Defaults and Remedies. If an Event
of Default occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding may (and, in certain circumstances, will automatically) become due and payable in the manner, and subject to the terms, set
forth in Article 7 of the Indenture. 

11. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers. The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement
the Indenture or the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 7.05 and Article 8 of the Indenture. 

12. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No past, present or future director, officer, employee,
incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By
accepting any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes. 

13. Authentication. No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly authenticated only
when an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note. 

14. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or its assignee, such as TEN COM (tenants in common),
TEN ENT (tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 

15. Governing Law. THIS NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

* * * 

To request a copy of the Indenture, which the Company will provide to any Holder at no charge, please send a written request to the following
address: 

Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 

1950 Camino Vida Roble 

Carlsbad,
CA 92008 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

A-5 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE*

INITIAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE: $[___] 

The following exchanges, transfers or cancellations of this Global Note have been made: 

Date 

Amount of Increase

(Decrease) in

Principal
Amount of

this Global Note 

Principal Amount of

this Global Note

After Such
Increase

(Decrease) 

Signature of

Authorized

Signatory of
Trustee

* 

Insert for Global Notes only. 

A-6 

CONVERSION NOTICE 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

0.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Conversion Notice, the undersigned Holder of
the Note identified below directs the Company to convert (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$*
aggregate principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No.
and Certificate No. . 

The undersigned acknowledges that if the Conversion Date of a Note to be converted is after a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date,
then such Note, when surrendered for conversion, must, in certain circumstances, be accompanied with an amount of cash equal to the interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date. 

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-7 

FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

0.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, the
undersigned Holder of the Note identified below is exercising its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right with respect to (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$*
aggregate principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No.
and Certificate No. . 

The undersigned acknowledges that this Note, duly endorsed for transfer, must be delivered to the Paying Agent before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
will be paid. 

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

0.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the undersigned Holder of the within Note assigns to: 

Name: 

Address: 

Social security or

tax identification

number: 

the within Note and all rights thereunder irrevocably appoints: 

as agent to transfer the within Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him/her. 

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-9 

TRANSFEROR ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

If the within Note bears a Restricted Note Legend, the undersigned further certifies that (check one): 

1. 

Such Transfer is being made to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. 

2. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, a registration statement that is effective
under the Securities Act at the time of the Transfer. 

3. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and,
accordingly, the undersigned further certifies that the within Note is being transferred to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is purchasing the within Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such
Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. If
this item is checked, then the transferee must complete and execute the acknowledgment contained on the next page. 

4. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, any other available exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act (including, if available, the exemption provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act). 

Dated: 

(Legal Name of
Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

(Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program)

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-10 

TRANSFEREE ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The undersigned represents that it is purchasing the within Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which the undersigned
exercises sole investment discretion, and that and the undersigned and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The undersigned acknowledges that the transferor is
relying, in transferring the within Note on the exemption from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Rule 144A and that the undersigned has received such information regarding
the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Dated: 

(Name of
Transferee)

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-11 

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF RESTRICTED NOTE LEGEND 

THE OFFER
AND SALE OF THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) 

REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT; AND 

(2) 

AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL,
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT ONLY: 

(A) 

TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF; 

(B) 

PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; 

(C) 

TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT;

(D) 

PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR 

(E) 

PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT. 

BEFORE THE REGISTRATION OF ANY SALE OR TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(C), (D) OR (E) ABOVE, THE COMPANY, THE
TRUSTEE AND THE REGISTRAR RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH CERTIFICATES OR OTHER DOCUMENTATION OR EVIDENCE AS THEY MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.*

* 

This paragraph and the immediately preceding paragraph will be deemed to be removed from the face of this Note
at such time when the Company delivers written notice to the Trustee of such deemed removal pursuant to Section 2.12 of the within-mentioned Indenture. 

B1-1 

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF GLOBAL NOTE LEGEND 

THIS IS A
GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS THE OWNER AND HOLDER OF
THIS NOTE FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) TO THE
COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON
IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC, OR
TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 2 OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO. 

B2-1 

EXHIBIT B-3

FORM OF NON-AFFILIATE LEGEND 

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OF THE COMPANY MAY PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE THIS NOTE OR ANY
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

B3-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d890647dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

March [__], 2025 

From: 

[Dealer] 

[__________] 

[__________] 

Attention: 

[__________] 

Telephone No.: 

[__________] 

Email: 

[__________] 

To: 

Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 

1950 Camino Vida Roble 

Carlsbad,
California, 92008 

Re: [Base]1[Additional]2 Call
Option Transaction 

The purpose of this communication (this Confirmation) is to set forth the terms and conditions of
the call option transaction entered into on the Trade Date specified below (the Transaction) between [Dealer] (Dealer) and Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (Counterparty). This communication
constitutes a Confirmation as referred to in the Agreement specified below. 

1. This Confirmation is subject to, and
incorporates, the definitions and provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the 2006 Definitions) and the definitions and provisions of the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions, and
together with the 2006 Definitions, the Definitions), in each case as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA). Certain defined terms used herein have the meanings assigned
to them in the Offering Memorandum dated March 4, 2025 (as so supplemented, the Offering Memorandum) relating to the USD 350,000,000 principal amount of 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Base Convertible
Securities) issued by Counterparty (as increased by [up to]3 an additional USD 55,000,000 principal amount of 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 [that may be]4 issued pursuant to the option to purchase additional convertible securities [exercised on the date hereof]5 (the Optional Convertible
Securities and, together with the Base Convertible Securities, the Convertible Securities)) pursuant to an Indenture to be dated March 7, 2025 between Counterparty and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee (the Indenture). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms defined in the Indenture and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern. The parties acknowledge that this Confirmation is entered into on the
date hereof with the understanding that (i) definitions set forth in the Indenture that are also defined herein by reference to the Indenture and (ii) sections of the Indenture that are referred to herein, in each case, will conform to the
descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum. If any such definitions in the Indenture or any such sections of the Indenture differ from the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum, the descriptions thereof in the Offering Memorandum will
govern for purposes of this Confirmation. The parties acknowledge that references to the Indenture herein are references to the Indenture as in effect on the date hereof and if the Indenture is, or the Convertible Securities are, amended, modified
or supplemented following the date hereof or the date of their execution, respectively, any such amendment, modification or supplement (other than any amendment, modification or supplement (i) pursuant to Section 5.09 of the Indenture,
subject to the provisions opposite the caption Discretionary Adjustments in Section 2 hereof, (ii) pursuant to Section 8.01(I) of the Indenture that, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner, conforms the Indenture to the description of Convertible Securities in the Offering Memorandum or (iii) pursuant to Section 8.01(G) of the Indenture) will be disregarded for purposes of this Confirmation
unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. 

Each party is hereby advised, and each such party acknowledges, that the other party has
engaged in, or refrained from engaging in, substantial financial transactions and has taken other material actions in reliance upon the parties entry into the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates on the terms and conditions set forth
below. 

1 

Include for base capped call. 

2 

Include for additional capped call. 

3 

Include for base capped call. 

4 

Include for base capped call. 

5 

Include for additional capped call. 

Page 1 of 32 

This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Dealer and Counterparty
as to the terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall be subject to an agreement (the Agreement) in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed an
agreement in such form on the date hereof (but without any Schedule except for (i) the election of US Dollars (USD) as the Termination Currency, (ii) the election of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law
(without reference to choice of law doctrine)[, (iii) the election of an executed guarantee of [___________] (Guarantor) dated as of the Trade Date in customary form as a Credit Support Document, (iv) the election of
Guarantor as Credit Support Provider in relation to Dealer],6 [iv][(iii)] (A) the election that the Cross Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement shall apply to
Dealer with a Threshold Amount of three percent of Dealers [ultimate parents]7 shareholders equity); provided that Specified Indebtedness shall not
include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of Dealers banking business, (B) the phrase or becoming capable at such time of being declared shall be deleted from clause (1) of such
Section 5(a)(vi) and (C) the following language shall be added to the end thereof Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (x) the default was caused
solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (y) funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (z) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of such partys receipt of
written notice of its failure to pay.) and [v][iv] following the payment of the Premium, the condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) of the Agreement with respect to Events of Default or Potential Events of Default (other than an
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default arising under Section 5(a)(ii) or 5(a)(iv) of the Agreement) shall not apply to a payment or delivery owing by Dealer to Counterparty. 

All provisions contained in, or incorporated by reference to, the Agreement will govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified herein.
In the event of any inconsistency among this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions, the 2006 Definitions or the Agreement, the following shall prevail in the order of precedence indicated: (i) this Confirmation; (ii) the Equity Definitions;
(iii) the 2006 Definitions; and (iv) the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, except to the extent of an express conflict, the application of any provision of this Confirmation, the Agreement, the Equity Definitions or the 2006
Definitions shall not be construed to exclude or limit any other provision of this Confirmation, the Agreement, the Equity Definitions or the 2006 Definitions. 

The Transaction hereunder shall be the sole Transaction under the Agreement. If there exists any ISDA Master Agreement between Dealer and
Counterparty or any confirmation or other agreement between Dealer and Counterparty pursuant to which an ISDA Master Agreement is deemed to exist between Dealer and Counterparty, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such ISDA Master
Agreement, such confirmation or agreement or any other agreement to which Dealer and Counterparty are parties, the Transaction shall not be considered a Transaction under, or otherwise governed by, such existing or deemed ISDA Master Agreement. 

2. The Transaction constitutes a Share Option Transaction for purposes of the Equity Definitions. The terms of the particular Transaction to
which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 

General Terms: 

Trade Date: March [__], 2025

Effective Date: The closing date of the [initial]8 issuance of the Convertible Securities [issued pursuant to the option to purchase Optional Convertible Securities exercised on the date hereof],
subject to Section 8(k) below.9

Option Style: Modified American, as described under Procedures for Exercise below.

6 

Include if Dealer is not highest-rated entity in group. 

7 

Include if guarantee is provided. 

8 

Include for base capped call. 

9 

Include for additional capped call. 

Page 2 of 32 

Option Type: Call

Seller: Dealer

Buyer: Counterparty

Shares: The Common Stock of Counterparty, par value USD 0.0001 per share (Ticker Symbol: ATEC).

Number of Options: [The number of Base Convertible Securities in denominations of USD 1,000 principal amount issued by Counterparty on the closing date for the initial issuance of the Convertible Securities.]10 [The number of Optional Convertible Securities in denominations of USD 1,000 principal amount purchased by the Initial Purchasers (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), at their option pursuant to
Section 2 of the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).]11 For the avoidance of doubt, the Number of Options outstanding shall be reduced by each exercise of Options hereunder. In no event
will the Number of Options be less than zero.

Applicable Percentage: [__]%12

Option Entitlement: A number equal to the product of the Applicable Percentage and 64.3407

Make-Whole Adjustment: Any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.07 of the Indenture.

Discretionary Adjustment: Any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.06 of the Indenture.

Strike Price: USD 15.5423

Cap Price: USD 23.4600

Rounding of Strike Price/Cap

Price/Option
Entitlement: In connection with any adjustment to the Option Entitlement or Strike Price, the Option Entitlement or Strike Price, as the case may be, shall be rounded by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture
relating to rounding of the Conversion Price or the Conversion Rate, as applicable (each as defined in the Indenture). In connection with any adjustment to the Cap Price hereunder, the Calculation Agent will round the
adjusted Cap Price to the nearest USD 0.0001.

10 

Include for base capped call. 

11 

Include for additional capped call. 

12 

To be Dealers percentage of the overall capped call transaction. 

Page 3 of 32 

Number of Shares: As of any date, a number of Shares equal to the product of the Number of Options and the Option Entitlement.

Premium: USD [_____]

Premium Payment Date: The Effective Date

Exchange: The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Related Exchange: All Exchanges; provided that Section 1.26 of the Equity Definitions shall be amended to add the words United States before the word exchange in the tenth line of such Section.

Procedures for Exercise: 

Exercise Dates: Each Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date.

Conversion Date: 

[With respect to any conversion of a Convertible Security (other than any conversion of Convertible Securities with a Conversion
Date (as defined in the Indenture) occurring prior to the Free Convertibility Date (an Early Conversion), to which the provisions of Section 8(b)(iii) of this Confirmation shall apply), the Conversion Date
(as defined in the Indenture), provided that, no Conversion Date shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to Exchanged Securities (such Convertible Securities, other than Exchanged Securities, the Relevant Convertible
Securities for such Conversion Date).]13

[With respect to any conversion of a Convertible Security (other than any conversion of Convertible Securities with a Conversion Date (as defined
in the Indenture) occurring prior to the Free Convertibility Date (an Early Conversion), to which the provisions of Section 8(b)(iii) of this Confirmation shall apply), the Conversion Date (as defined in the
Indenture) for Convertible Securities that are not Relevant Convertible Securities under (and as defined in) the confirmation between the parties hereto regarding the Base Call Option Transaction dated March [__], 2025 (the Base
Call Option Transaction Confirmation), provided that, no Conversion Date shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to Exchanged Securities (such Convertible Securities, other than Exchanged Securities, the Relevant
Convertible Securities for such Conversion Date). For the purposes of determining whether any Convertible Securities will be Relevant Convertible Securities hereunder or Relevant Convertible Securities under the Base Call
Option Transaction Confirmation, Convertible Securities that are converted pursuant to the Indenture shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation until all Options thereunder are exercised or terminated.]14

13 

Include for base capped call 

14 

Include for additional capped call. 

Page 4 of 32 

Free Convertibility Date: September 17, 2030

Exchanged Securities: With respect to any Conversion Date, any Convertible Securities with respect to which Counterparty makes the election described in Section 5.08 of the Indenture and the financial institution designated by Counterparty accepts
such Convertible Securities in accordance with Section 5.08 of the Indenture, as long as Counterparty does not submit a Notice of Exercise in respect thereof.

Expiration Date: March 15, 2030, subject to earlier exercise.

Automatic Exercise on Conversion Dates: Applicable, which means that, notwithstanding Section 3.4 of the Equity Definitions, on each Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date, a number of Options equal to the number of Relevant Convertible
Securities for such Conversion Date in denominations of USD 1,000 principal amount shall be automatically exercised, subject to Notice of Exercise below. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Equity Definitions,
unless Counterparty notifies Dealer in writing prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Expiration Date that it does not wish automatic exercise to occur, all Options then outstanding as of 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Expiration Date
shall be deemed to be automatically exercised as if (i) a number of Relevant Convertible Securities (in denominations of USD 1,000 principal amount) equal to such number of then-outstanding Options were converted with a Conversion Date
occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date and (ii) such Relevant Convertible Securities were outstanding under the Indenture immediately prior to such deemed conversion; provided that no such automatic exercise pursuant to this
sentence shall occur if the Delivery Obligation would be less than or equal to zero.

Notice Deadline: In respect of any exercise of Options hereunder on any Conversion Date on or after the Free Convertibility Date, 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the Indenture) immediately
preceding the Maturity Date (as defined in the Indenture).

Notice of Exercise: 

Counterparty shall notify Dealer in writing prior to the Notice Deadline of the number of Relevant Convertible Securities being converted on
the related Conversion Date[; provided that any Notice of Exercise delivered to Dealer pursuant to the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation shall be deemed to be a Notice of Exercise pursuant to this Confirmation and the
terms of such Notice of Exercise shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to this Confirmation]15.

For the avoidance of doubt, if Counterparty fails to give such notice when due in respect of any exercise of Options hereunder with a Conversion Date occurring
on or after the Free Convertibility Date, Automatic Exercise shall apply.

15 

Include for additional capped call confirmation only. 

Page 5 of 32 

Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method: 

In addition, Counterparty shall notify Dealer in writing before 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Scheduled Trading Day (as
defined in the Indenture) immediately preceding Free Convertibility Date of the settlement method (and, if applicable, the Specified Dollar Amount (as defined in the Indenture)) elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to Relevant
Convertible Securities with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the Free Convertibility Date (any such notice, a Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method); provided that if Counterparty does not timely
deliver the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method then the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method shall be deemed timely given and the Applicable Settlement Method shall be Net Share Settlement. If Counterparty
elects a Settlement Method other than Net Share Settlement in the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method, the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method shall contain a written representation by Counterparty to Dealer
that Counterparty is not, on the date of the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method, in possession of any material nonpublic information with respect to Counterparty or the Shares.

[Any Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method, delivered to Dealer
pursuant to the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation shall be deemed to be a Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method pursuant to this Confirmation and the terms of such Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method shall
apply, mutatis mutandis, to this Confirmation.]16

Dealers Contact Details for purpose of Giving Notice: As specified in Section 6(b) below.

Settlement Terms: 

Settlement Date: For any Exercise Date, the date one Settlement Cycle following the final day of the Cash Settlement Averaging Period.

Delivery Obligation: In lieu of the obligations set forth in Sections 8.1 and 9.1 of the Equity Definitions, and subject to Automatic Exercise on Conversion Dates and Notice of Exercise above and Method of Adjustment,
Discretionary Adjustments, Consequences of Merger Events/Tender Offers, Consequences of Announcement Events and Section 8(v) below, in respect of an Exercise Date, Dealer will deliver to Counterparty on the
related Settlement Date (the Delivery Obligation), (i) a number of Shares equal to the product of the Applicable Percentage and the aggregate number of Shares, if any, that Counterparty would be obligated to deliver to the
holder(s) of the Relevant Convertible Securities for such Conversion Date pursuant to Section 5.03(B) of the Indenture (except that such number of Shares shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number) and cash in lieu of any fractional
Share resulting from such rounding and/or (ii) the product of the Applicable Percentage and the aggregate amount of cash, if any, in excess of the principal amount of the Relevant Convertible Securities that Counterparty would be obligated to
deliver to holder(s) of the

16 

Include for additional capped call. 

Page 6 of 32 

Relevant Convertible Securities for such Conversion Date pursuant to Section 5.03(B) of the Indenture, determined, for each of clauses (i) and (ii), by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference
to such Sections of the Indenture as if Counterparty had elected to satisfy its conversion obligation in respect of such Relevant Convertible Securities by the Applicable Settlement Method, notwithstanding any different actual election by
Counterparty with respect to the settlement of such Relevant Convertible Securities; provided that if the Daily VWAP (as defined in the Indenture) for any VWAP Trading Day (as defined in the Indenture) during the Cash
Settlement Averaging Period is greater than the Cap Price, then clause (b) of the relevant Daily Conversion Value (as defined in the Indenture) for such VWAP Trading Day shall be determined as if such Daily
VWAP for such VWAP Trading Day were deemed to equal the Cap Price; provided further that the Delivery Obligation shall be determined excluding any Shares and/or cash that Counterparty is obligated to deliver to holder(s) of
the Relevant Convertible Securities as a direct or indirect result of any adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to a Discretionary Adjustment, a Make-Whole Adjustment and any interest payment that Counterparty is (or would have been) obligated
to deliver to holder(s) of the Relevant Convertible Securities for such Conversion Date.

Applicable Settlement Method: For any Relevant Convertible Securities, if Counterparty has notified Dealer in the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method that it has elected, or is deemed to have elected, to satisfy its conversion obligation in
respect of such Relevant Convertible Securities in cash or in a combination of cash and Shares in accordance with Section 5.03(A) of the Indenture (a Cash Election) with a Specified Dollar Amount (as defined in
the Indenture) of at least USD 1,000, the Applicable Settlement Method shall be the settlement method actually so elected, or deemed to be elected, by Counterparty in respect of such Relevant Convertible Securities (the Convertible
Securities Settlement Method); otherwise, the Applicable Settlement Method shall assume Counterparty had made a Cash Election with respect to such Relevant Convertible Securities (a Deemed Cash Election) with a
Specified Dollar Amount (as defined in the Indenture) of USD 1,000 per Relevant Convertible Security (Net Share Settlement) and the Delivery Obligation shall be determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to
Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) of the Indenture as if the relevant Observation Period (as defined in the Indenture) were the Cash Settlement Averaging Period.

Cash Settlement Averaging Period: The 60 consecutive VWAP Trading Days (as defined in the Indenture) commencing on the 61st Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the Indenture) prior to the
Maturity Date (as defined in the Indenture); provided that, if Counterparty elects a Settlement Method other than Net Share Settlement in the Notice of Final Convertible Security Settlement Method, the Cash Settlement Averaging
Period shall be the 120 consecutive VWAP Trading Days commencing on the 121st Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the Indenture) prior to the Maturity
Date.

Page 7 of 32 

Other Applicable Provisions: To the extent Dealer is obligated to deliver Shares hereunder, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable as if Physical Settlement applied to the Transaction;
provided that the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be modified by excluding any representations therein relating to restrictions, obligations, limitations or requirements under
applicable securities laws that exist as a result of the fact that Counterparty is the issuer of the Shares.

Restricted Certificated Shares: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, Dealer may, in whole or in part, deliver Shares required to be delivered to Counterparty hereunder in certificated form in lieu of delivery through the Clearance
System. With respect to such certificated Shares, the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be modified by deleting the remainder of the provision after the word encumbrance in the
fourth line thereof.

Adjustments: 

Method of Adjustment: 

Notwithstanding Section 11.2(e) of the Equity Definitions, upon the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in the Dilution
Adjustment Provisions (a Potential Adjustment Event) that requires an adjustment under the Indenture, the Calculation Agent shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, make a corresponding adjustment in respect
of any one or more of the Strike Price, the Number of Options, the Option Entitlement and any other term relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment of the Transaction, to the extent an analogous adjustment is required under the Indenture,
subject to Discretionary Adjustments below. Immediately upon the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, Counterparty shall notify the Calculation Agent of such Potential Adjustment Event.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Equity Definitions:

(i) in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event as a result of an event or
condition set forth in Section 5.05(A)(ii) of the Indenture or Section 5.05(A)(iii) of the Indenture where, in either case, the period for determining Y (as such term is used in Section 5.05(A)(ii) of the Indenture) or
SP (as such term is used in Section 5.05(A)(iii) of the Indenture), as the case may be, begins before Counterparty has publicly announced the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event, then the Calculation
Agent shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, have the right to adjust any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the commercially reasonable costs (including, but
not limited to, hedging mismatches and market losses) and commercially reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Dealer in connection with its commercially
reasonable hedging activities as a result of such event or condition not having been publicly announced prior to the beginning of such period; and

(ii) if any Potential Adjustment Event is declared and (a) the event or condition giving rise to such Potential Adjustment Event is subsequently amended,
modified, cancelled or abandoned, (b) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) is otherwise not adjusted at the time or in the manner contemplated by the
relevant

Page 8 of 32 

Dilution Adjustment Provision based on such declaration or (c) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) is adjusted
as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event and subsequently re-adjusted (each of clauses (a), (b) and (c), a Potential Adjustment Event Change) then, in each case, the Calculation Agent
shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, have the right to adjust any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to reflect the commercially reasonable costs (including, but not
limited to, hedging mismatches and market losses) and commercially reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Dealer in connection with its commercially reasonable
hedging activities as a result of such Potential Adjustment Event Change.

For the
avoidance of doubt, Dealer shall not have any payment or delivery obligation hereunder in respect of, and no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Transaction on account of, (x) any distribution of cash, property or securities by
Counterparty to the holders of Convertible Securities (upon conversion or otherwise) or (y) any other transaction in which holders of Convertible Securities are entitled to participate, in each case, in lieu of an adjustment under the Indenture
in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event (including, without limitation, under the proviso in the first sentence of Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) of the Indenture or the proviso in the first sentence of Section 5.05(A)(iv) of the
Indenture).

Dilution Adjustment Provisions: Sections 5.05(A)(i), (A)(ii), (A)(iii), (A)(iv), (A)(v) and Section 5.05(H) of the Indenture

Discretionary Adjustments: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Equity Definitions, if the Calculation Agent in good faith disagrees with any adjustment under the Indenture that is the basis of any adjustment hereunder and that involves
an exercise of discretion by Counterparty, its board of directors or a committee of its board of directors (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 5.05(H) of the Indenture or pursuant to Section 5.09 of the Indenture or any
supplemental indenture entered into thereunder or in connection with the determination of the fair value of any securities, property, rights or other assets), then the Calculation Agent will determine the corresponding adjustment to be made to any
one or more of the Strike Price, Number of Options, Option Entitlement and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or payment of or under the Transaction in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with the
methodology set forth in the Indenture. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Potential Adjustment Event occurs during the Cash Settlement Averaging Period but no adjustment was made to any Convertible Security under the Indenture
because the relevant holder of such Convertible Security was deemed to be a record owner of the underlying Shares on the related Conversion Date, then the Calculation Agent shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, make an
adjustment, consistent with the methodology set forth in the Indenture, to the terms hereof in order to account for such Potential Adjustment Event. For the avoidance of doubt, the Delivery Obligation shall be calculated on the basis of such
adjustments by the Calculation Agent

Page 9 of 32 

Extraordinary Events: 

Merger Events: Notwithstanding Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions, Merger Event shall have the same meaning as the meaning of Common Stock Change Event set forth in Section 5.09 of the Indenture.

Consequences of Merger Events/Tender Offers: Notwithstanding Section 12.2 of the Equity Definitions, upon the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and commercially reasonably, shall make a corresponding adjustment in
respect of any adjustment under the Indenture to any one or more of the nature of the Shares, the Number of Options, the Option Entitlement, composition of the Shares hereunder and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement
or payment for the Transaction, to the extent an analogous adjustment is required under Section 5.09 of the Indenture in respect of such Merger Event, as determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent
by reference to such Section, subject to Discretionary Adjustments above; provided that such adjustment shall be made without regard to any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to a Make-Whole Adjustment or a Discretionary
Adjustment; provided further that in respect of any election by the holders of Shares with respect to the consideration due upon consummation of any Merger Event, the Calculation Agent shall have the right to adjust any variable relevant to
the exercise, settlement or payment for the Transaction as appropriate to compensate Dealer for any commercially reasonable losses (including, without limitation, market losses customary for transactions similar to the Transaction with
counterparties similar to Counterparty), including without limitation, any mismatch on its Hedge Position, assuming Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable Hedge Position, and the type and amount of consideration actually paid or issued to the
holders of Shares in respect of such Merger Event; and provided further that if, with respect to a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, (i) the consideration for the Shares includes (or, at the option of a holder of Shares, may include)
securities issued by an entity that is not a corporation organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (ii) the Counterparty to the Transaction, following such Merger Event or Tender Offer, will
not be a corporation organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia or will not be the Issuer, Dealer may elect in its commercially reasonable discretion that Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent
Determination) shall apply. For the avoidance of doubt, adjustments shall be made pursuant to the provisions set forth above regardless of whether any Merger Event or Tender Offer gives rise to an Early Conversion. For purposes of this paragraph,
Tender Offer means the occurrence of any event or condition set forth in Section 5.05(A)(v) of the Indenture.

Notice of Merger Consideration: Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, Counterparty shall reasonably promptly (but in any event prior to consummation of such Merger Event) notify the Calculation Agent of, in the case of a Merger Event that causes the Shares to be
converted into the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by holders of Shares upon
consummation of such Merger Event.

Page 10 of 32 

Consequences of Announcement Events: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment as set forth in Section 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions; provided that, in respect of an Announcement Event, (x) references to Tender Offer shall be replaced by
references to Announcement Event and references to Tender Offer Date shall be replaced by references to date of such Announcement Event, (y) the word shall in the second line shall be replaced with
may and the phrase exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Transaction (including, without limitation, the spread) shall be replaced with the phrase Cap Price (provided that in no event shall the
Cap Price be less than the Strike Price) and the words whether within a commercially reasonable (as determined by the Calculation Agent) period of time prior to or after the Announcement Event shall be inserted prior to the word
, which in the seventh line, and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether the relevant Announcement Event has had a material economic
effect on the Transaction (the terms of which include, among other terms, the Strike Price and Cap Price), and, if so, shall adjust the Cap Price accordingly to take into account such economic effect on one or more occasions on or after the date of
the Announcement Event up to, and including, the Expiration Date, any Early Termination Date and/or any other date of cancellation, it being understood that (i) any adjustment in respect of an Announcement Event shall take into account any
earlier adjustment relating to the same Announcement Event and (ii) in making any adjustment the Calculation Agent shall take into account volatility, liquidity or other commercially reasonable option pricing inputs within a commercially
reasonable period of time before and after such Announcement Event. An Announcement Event shall be an Extraordinary Event for purposes of the Equity Definitions, to which Article 12 of the Equity Definitions is applicable.

Announcement Event: (i) The public announcement by Issuer, any subsidiary of Issuer, any affiliate of Issuer, any agent of Issuer, or any Valid Third Party Entity of (x) any transaction or event that, if completed, would constitute a Merger Event
or Tender Offer, (y) any potential acquisition or disposition by Issuer and/or its subsidiaries where the aggregate consideration exceeds 35% of the market capitalization of Issuer as of the date of such announcement (a Transformative
Transaction) or (z) the intention to enter into a Merger Event or Tender Offer or a Transformative Transaction, (ii) the public announcement by Issuer of an intention to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives
or other similar undertaking that may include, a Merger Event, Tender Offer or a Transformative Transaction or (iii) any subsequent public announcement by Issuer, any subsidiary of Issuer, any affiliate of Issuer, any agent of Issuer or a Valid
Third Party Entity of a change to a transaction or intention that is the subject of an announcement of the type described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence (including, without limitation, a new announcement, whether or not by the same
party, relating to such a transaction or intention or the announcement of a withdrawal from, or the abandonment or discontinuation of, such a transaction or intention), as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of an Announcement Event with respect to any

Page 11 of 32 

transaction or intention shall not preclude the occurrence of a later Announcement Event with respect to such transaction or intention. For purposes of this definition of Announcement Event, (A) Merger Event
shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions (but, for the avoidance of doubt, the remainder of the definition of Merger Event in Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions following the
definition of Reverse Merger therein shall be disregarded) and (B) Tender Offer shall mean such term as defined under Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions.

Valid Third Party Entity: In respect of any transaction, any third party or subsidiary, agent or affiliate thereof that has a bona fide intent to enter into or consummate such transaction (it being understood and agreed that in determining whether such third
party has such a bona fide intent, the Calculation Agent may take into consideration the economic effect of the relevant announcement by such third party on the Shares and/or options relating to the Shares).

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it will also constitute a Delisting if the Shares are not
immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The
Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any
such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Termination Event(s): Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, if, as a result of an Extraordinary Event, the Transaction would be cancelled or terminated (whether in whole or in part) pursuant to Article 12 of the Equity
Definitions, an Additional Termination Event (with the Transaction (or the cancelled or terminated portion thereof) being the Affected Transaction and Counterparty being the sole Affected Party) shall be deemed to occur, and, in lieu of Sections
12.7, 12.8 and 12.9 of the Equity Definitions, Section 6 of the Agreement shall apply to such Affected Transaction.

Additional Disruption Events: 

(a) Change in Law: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof with the phrase , or public
announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation, (ii) adding the phrase and/or Hedge Position after the word Shares in clause (X) thereof and (iii) immediately following the word Transaction
in clause (X) thereof, adding the phrase in the manner contemplated by the Hedging Party on the Trade Date; and provided further that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing
the parenthetical beginning after the word regulation in the second line thereof with the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption, effectiveness or promulgation
of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) and (ii) adding the words , or holding, acquiring or disposing of Shares or any Hedge Positions relating to, after the words obligations under in
clause (Y) thereof.

Page 12 of 32 

(b) Failure to Deliver: Applicable

(c) Insolvency Filing: Applicable

(d) Hedging Disruption: 

Applicable; provided that:

(i) Section 12.9(a)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting the following sentence at the end of such Section:

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the term equity price risk shall
be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, stock price and volatility risk, and (ii) the transactions or assets referred to in phrases (A) or (B) above must be available on commercially reasonable pricing and other terms;
and

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(iii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by
inserting in the third line thereof, after the words to terminate the Transaction, the words or a portion of the Transaction affected by such Hedging Disruption.

(e) Increased Cost of Hedging: Not Applicable

Hedging Party: Dealer

Determining Party: Dealer; provided that when making any determination or calculation as Determining Party, Dealer shall be bound by the same obligations relating to required acts of the Calculation Agent as set forth in
Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions and this Confirmation as if Determining Party were the Calculation Agent; and further provided that the Determining Party will promptly (and in any event within five Exchange Business Days), upon
written notice from Counterparty, provide a statement displaying in reasonable detail the basis for such determination, adjustment or calculation, as the case may be (including any quotations, market data or information from internal or external
sources used in making such determination, adjustment or calculation, it being understood that the Determining Party shall not be required to disclose any confidential information or proprietary models used by it in connection with such
determination, adjustment or calculation, as the case may be).

Non-Reliance: 

Agreements and Acknowledgments Applicable

Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

Page 13 of 32 

Hedging Adjustment: For the avoidance of doubt, whenever Dealer, Determining Party or the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment, calculation or determination permitted or required to be made pursuant to the terms of this Confirmation or the Equity
Definitions to take into account the effect of any event (other than an adjustment, calculation or determination made by reference to the Indenture), the Calculation Agent, Determining Party or Dealer, as the case may be, shall make such adjustment,
calculation or determination in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to the effect of such event on Dealer assuming that Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

3. Calculation Agent: Dealer; provided that all calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent (other than calculations or determinations made by reference to the Indenture) shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable
manner and assuming for such purposes that Dealer is maintaining, establishing and/or unwinding, as applicable, a commercially reasonable hedge position; provided further that if an Event of Default of the type described in
Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the sole Defaulting Party occurs, Counterparty shall have the right to appoint a successor calculation agent which shall be a nationally recognized third-party dealer in over-the-counter corporate equity derivatives. The Calculation Agent agrees that it will promptly (and in any event within five Exchange Business Days), upon written notice
from Counterparty, provide a statement displaying in reasonable detail the basis for such determination, adjustment or calculation, as the case may be (including any quotations, market data or information from internal or external sources used in
making such determination, adjustment or calculation, it being understood that the Calculation Agent shall not be required to disclose any confidential information or proprietary models used by it in connection with such determination, adjustment or
calculation, as the case may be).

4. Account Details: 

Dealer Payment Instructions: 

[_____________] 

Counterparty
Payment Instructions: 

To be provided. 

5. Offices: 

The Office
of Dealer for the Transaction is: [_______________] 

The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is: 

Inapplicable, Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party 

6. Notices: For purposes of this Confirmation: 

(a) Address for notices or communications to Counterparty: 

To: 

Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 

1950 Camino Vida Roble 

Carlsbad, California, 92008 

Attention: 

Tyson Marshall, General Counsel 

Email: 

tmarshall@atecspine.com 

(b) Address for notices or communications to Dealer: 

Page 14 of 32 

[Dealer Address] 

7. Representations, Warranties and Agreements: 

(a) In addition to the representations and warranties in the Agreement and those contained elsewhere herein, Counterparty
represents and warrants to and for the benefit of, and agrees with, Dealer as follows: 

(i) On the Trade Date,
(A) Counterparty is not aware of any material nonpublic information regarding Counterparty or the Shares and (B) all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) when considered as a whole (with the more recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in any earlier such reports and documents), do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(ii) (A) On the Trade Date, the Shares or securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for Shares, are
not subject to a restricted period, as such term is defined in Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation M) and (B) Counterparty shall not engage in any distribution, as such term is defined in
Regulation M, other than a distribution meeting the requirements of the exceptions set forth in sections 101(b)(10) and 102(b)(7) of Regulation M, until the second Exchange Business Day immediately following the Trade Date. 

(iii) Without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that neither
Dealer nor any of its affiliates is making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction under any accounting standards including ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per
Share, ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40,Derivatives and HedgingContracts in Entitys Own
Equity (or any successor issue statements). 

(iv) Without limiting the generality of Section 3(a)(iii) of the
Agreement, the Transaction will not violate Rule 13e-1 or Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act. 

(v) Prior to the Trade Date, Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer a resolution of Counterpartys board of directors
authorizing the Transaction. 

(vi) Counterparty is not entering into this Confirmation to create actual or apparent trading
activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) or otherwise in violation of
the Exchange Act. 

(vii) Counterparty is not, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby will not be,
required to register as, an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(viii) On and immediately after the Trade Date and the Premium Payment Date, (A) the value of the total assets of
Counterparty is greater than the sum of the total liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the capital (as such terms are defined in Section 154 and Section 244 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) of
Counterparty, (B) the capital of Counterparty is adequate to conduct the business of Counterparty, and Counterpartys entry into the Transaction will not impair its capital, (C) Counterparty has the ability to pay its debts and
obligations as such debts mature and does not intend to, or does not believe that it will, incur debt beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature, (D) Counterparty will be able to continue as a going concern; (E) Counterparty is not
insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy Code)) and (F) Counterparty would be able to purchase the
number of Shares with respect to the Transaction in compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Counterpartys incorporation (including the adequate surplus and capital requirements of Sections 154 and 160 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware). 

Page 15 of 32 

(ix) The representations and warranties of Counterparty set forth in
Section 3 of the Agreement and Section 1 of the Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2025, among Counterparty and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Leerink Partners LLC as representatives of the initial purchasers party thereto (the
Purchase Agreement) are true and correct as of the Trade Date and the Effective Date and are hereby deemed to be repeated to Dealer as if set forth herein. 

(x) To the knowledge of Counterparty, no state or local (including non-U.S.
jurisdictions) law, rule, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without limitation a requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or
entity) as a result of Dealer or its affiliates owning or holding (however defined) Shares; provided that Counterparty makes no representation or warranty regarding any such requirement that is applicable generally to the ownership of equity
securities by Dealer or any of its affiliates solely as a result of it or any of such affiliates being financial institutions or broker-dealers. 

(xi) [Counterparty acknowledges that the Transaction may constitute a purchase of its equity securities or a capital
distribution. Counterparty further acknowledges that, pursuant to the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the Cares Act), the Counterparty will be required to agree to certain time-bound
restrictions on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as that term is defined in the Cares Act) under section 4003(b) of the Cares Act. Counterparty
further acknowledges that it may be required to agree to certain time-bound restrictions on its ability to purchase its equity securities or make capital distributions if it receives loans, loan guarantees or direct loans (as that term is defined in
the Cares Act) under programs or facilities established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the purpose of providing liquidity to the financial system. Accordingly, Counterparty represents and warrants that it has not
applied, and throughout the term of this Transaction shall not apply, for a loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in the Cares Act) or other investment, or to receive any financial assistance or relief (howsoever defined) under
any program or facility that (a) is established under applicable law, including the Cares Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires, as a condition of such loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in
the Cares Act), investment, financial assistance or relief, that the Counterparty agree, attest, certify or warrant that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, repurchased, or will not repurchase, any equity security of Counterparty
and that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, made a capital distribution or will not make a capital distribution. Counterparty further represents and warrants that the Premium is not being paid, in whole or in part, directly or
indirectly, with funds received under or pursuant to any program or facility, including the U.S. Small Business Administrations Paycheck Protection Program, that (a) is established under applicable law (whether in existence as
of the Trade Date or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under such applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other
pronouncement of a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility) that such funds be used for specified or enumerated purposes that do not include the purchase of the Transaction (either by specific reference to the
Transaction or by general reference to transactions with the attributes of the Transaction in all relevant respects).]17

17 

Insert Dealers preferred form of CARES ACT rep

Page 16 of 32 

(xii) Counterparty (A) is capable of evaluating investment risks
independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities; (B) will exercise independent judgment in evaluating the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated
persons, unless it has otherwise notified the broker-dealer in writing; and (C) has total assets of at least USD 50 million as of the date hereof. 

(xiii) The assets of Counterparty do not constitute plan assets under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended, the Department of Labor Regulations promulgated thereunder or similar law. 

(b) Each of Dealer and
Counterparty agrees and represents that it is an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1a(18) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and is entering into the Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in
any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise) and not for the benefit of any third party. 

(c) Each of Dealer and
Counterparty acknowledges that the offer and sale of the Transaction to it is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof.
Accordingly, Counterparty represents and warrants to Dealer that (i) it has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Transaction and is able to bear a total loss of its investment and its investments in and
liabilities in respect of the Transaction, which it understands are not readily marketable, are not disproportionate to its net worth, and it is able to bear any loss in connection with the Transaction, including the loss of its entire investment in
the Transaction, (ii) it is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Regulation D as promulgated under the Securities Act, (iii) it is entering into the Transaction for its own account and without a view to the
distribution or resale thereof, (iv) the assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Transaction has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and is restricted under this Confirmation, the Securities Act and state
securities laws, and (v) its financial condition is such that it has no need for liquidity with respect to its investment in the Transaction and no need to dispose of any portion thereof to satisfy any existing or contemplated undertaking or
indebtedness and is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the Transaction. 

(d) Each of Dealer and Counterparty agrees and acknowledges that Dealer is a financial participant within the
meaning of Sections 101(22) and 101(22A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties hereto further agree and acknowledge (A) that this Confirmation is a securities contract, as such term is defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy
Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination value, payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the
Bankruptcy Code and a settlement payment within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (B) that Dealer is entitled to the protections afforded by, among other sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(27), 362(o),
546(e), 546(j), 548(d)(2), 555 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(e) As a condition to the effectiveness of the Transaction,
Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer an opinion of counsel, dated as of the Premium Payment Date and reasonably acceptable to Dealer in form and substance, with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement and
Section 7(a)(vii) hereof; provided that any such opinion of counsel may contain customary exceptions and qualifications, including, without limitation, exceptions and qualifications relating to indemnification provisions. 

(f) Counterparty understands that notwithstanding any other relationship between Counterparty and Dealer and its affiliates, in
connection with this Transaction and any other over-the-counter derivative transactions between Counterparty and Dealer or its affiliates, Dealer or its affiliates is
acting as principal and is not a fiduciary or advisor in respect of any such transaction, including any entry, exercise, amendment, unwind or termination thereof. 

(g) [Counterparty represents and warrants that it has received, read and understands the OTC Options Risk Disclosure Statement
and a copy of the most recent disclosure pamphlet prepared by The Options Clearing Corporation entitled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. 

Page 17 of 32 

(h) Each party acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the Conduct Rules of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. applicable to transactions in options, and further agrees not to violate the position and exercise limits set forth therein, in each case, to the extent such rules are applicable to such party.]18

8. Other Provisions: 

(a) Right to Extend. Dealer may postpone or add, in whole or in part, any Exercise Date or Settlement Date or any other
date of valuation, payment or delivery by Dealer, with respect to some or all of the relevant Options (in which event the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall make appropriate adjustments to the Delivery
Obligation), if Dealer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and, in respect of clause (ii) below, based on the advice of counsel, that such extension is reasonably necessary or appropriate (i) to preserve
Dealers commercially reasonable hedging or hedge unwind activity hereunder in light of existing liquidity conditions in the cash market, the stock borrow market or other relevant market (but only if there is a material decrease in liquidity
relative to Dealers expectations on the Trade Date), or (ii) to enable Dealer to effect purchases or sales of Shares or Share Termination Delivery Units in connection with its commercially reasonable hedging, hedge unwind or settlement
activity hereunder in a manner that would (assuming, in the case of purchases, Dealer were Counterparty or an affiliated purchaser of Counterparty) be in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with related
policies and procedures (whether or not such requirements, policies or procedures are imposed by law or have been voluntarily adopted by Dealer and, in the case of policies or procedures, so long as such policies or procedures are consistently
applied to transactions similar to the Transaction); provided that no such Exercise Date, Settlement Date or other date of valuation, payment or delivery may be postponed or added more than 120 VWAP Trading Days (as defined in the
Indenture) after the original Exercise Date, Settlement Date or other date of valuation, payment or delivery, as the case may be. 

(b) Additional Termination Events. 

(i) The occurrence of an event of default with respect to Counterparty under the terms of the Convertible Securities as set
forth in Section 7.01 of the Indenture, which default has resulted in the Convertible Securities being accelerated and declared due and payable under the terms thereof, shall constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to which the
Transaction is the sole Affected Transaction and Counterparty is the sole Affected Party, and Dealer shall be the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement and to determine the amount
payable pursuant to Section 6(e) of the Agreement (which Early Termination Date shall be on or as promptly as reasonably practicable after Dealer becomes aware of the occurrence of such acceleration). 

(ii) Within five Exchange Business Days following any Repurchase Event (as defined below), Counterparty (x) in the case of
a Repurchase Event resulting from the repurchase of any Convertible Securities by Counterparty upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture),shall notify Dealer in writing of such Repurchase Event and
(y) in the case of a Repurchase Event not described in clause (x) above, may notify Dealer of such Repurchase Event, in each case, including the number of Convertible Securities subject to such Repurchase Event (any such notice, a
Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice); providedfurther that no such Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice described in clause (y) above shall be effective unless it contains the representation by
Counterparty set forth in Section 7(a)(i) as of the date of such Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice [; provided further that any Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice delivered to Dealer pursuant to the Base Call
Option Transaction Confirmation shall be deemed to be a Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice pursuant to this Confirmation and the terms of such Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to this Confirmation]19. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, the receipt by Dealer from Counterparty of any Convertible Securities 

18 

To be included if applicable. 

19 

Include for additional capped call. 

Page 18 of 32 

Repurchase Notice shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided in this Section 8(b)(ii). Upon receipt of any such Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice, Dealer shall
promptly designate an Exchange Business Day following receipt of such Convertible Securities Repurchase Notice (which in no event shall be earlier than the related repurchase date for such Convertible Securities) as an Early Termination Date with
respect to the portion of this Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Repurchase Options) equal to the lesser of (A) the number of such Convertible Securities specified in such Convertible Securities Repurchase
Notice [minus the number of Repurchase Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation), if any, that relate to such Convertible Securities (and for purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation or
under the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation will be among the Repurchase Options hereunder or under, and as defined in, the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation, the Convertible Securities specified in such Convertible Securities
Repurchase Notice shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation until all Options thereunder are exercised or terminated)]20 and (B) the Number of Options as of
the date Dealer designates such Early Termination Date and, as of such date, the Number of Options shall be reduced by the number of Repurchase Options. Any payment hereunder with respect to such termination shall be calculated pursuant to
Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to this Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the number of Repurchase Options,
(2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (3) the terminated portion of the Transaction were the sole Affected Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, in determining the amount
payable in respect of such Affected Transaction pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement, the Determining Party shall assume that (x) the relevant Repurchase Event and any conversions, adjustments, agreements, payments, deliveries or
acquisitions by or on behalf of Counterparty leading thereto had not occurred, (y) no adjustment to the conversion rate for the Convertible Securities has occurred pursuant to any Make-Whole Adjustment or Discretionary Adjustment and
(z) the corresponding Convertible Securities subject to the Repurchase Event remain outstanding. Repurchase Event means that (i) any Convertible Securities are repurchased or redeemed (whether pursuant to
Section 4.02 or Section 4.03 of the Indenture or otherwise) by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries (including in connection with, or as a result of, a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture), a tender offer, exchange offer or
similar transaction or for any other reason), (ii) any Convertible Securities are delivered to Counterparty in exchange for delivery of any property or assets of Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries (howsoever described), (iii) any principal of
any of the Convertible Securities is repaid prior to the final maturity date of the Convertible Securities, or (iv) any Convertible Securities are exchanged by or for the benefit of the Holders (as such term is defined in the
Indenture) thereof for any other securities of Counterparty or any of its affiliates (or any other property, or any combination thereof) pursuant to any exchange offer or similar transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, any conversion of Convertible
Securities (whether into cash, Shares, Reference Property (as defined in the Indenture) or any combination thereof) pursuant to the terms of the Indenture shall not constitute a Repurchase Event. Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that
if an Additional Termination Event has occurred under this Section 8(b)(ii), then any related Convertible Securities subject to a Repurchase Event will be deemed to be cancelled and disregarded and no longer outstanding for all purposes
hereunder. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, upon any Early Conversion in respect of
which the relevant converting Holder (as such term is defined in the Indenture) has satisfied the requirements to conversion set forth in Section 5.02(A) of the Indenture: 

(A) 

Counterparty may, within ten (10) Scheduled Trading Days of the Conversion Date (as defined in
the Indenture) for such Early Conversion, provide written notice (an Early Conversion Notice) to Dealer specifying the number of Convertible Securities surrendered for conversion on such Conversion Date (such Convertible
Securities, the Affected Convertible Securities), and the 

20 

Include for additional capped call 

Page 19 of 32 

giving of such Early Conversion Notice shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided in this Section 8(b)(iii); provided that no such Early Conversion Notice shall be
effective unless it contains the representation by Counterparty set forth in Section 7(a)(i) as of the date of such Early Conversion Notice; provided further that the provisions of this Section 8(b)(iii) shall not apply to any
Affected Convertible Security (i) with respect to which Counterparty has elected the Exchange in Lieu of Conversion option pursuant to Section 5.08 of the Indenture and (ii) that has been accepted by the designated
financial institution pursuant to Section 5.08 of the Indenture, except to the extent that Counterparty notifies Dealer, within ten Scheduled Trading Days of the then applicable conversion settlement date determined pursuant to
Section 5.03 of the Indenture, that (x) such financial institution has failed to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of such Affected Convertible Security, or (y) such Affected Convertible
Security is subsequently resubmitted to Counterparty for conversion in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 

(B) 

upon receipt of any such Early Conversion Notice, within a commercially reasonable period of time thereafter,
Dealer shall designate an Exchange Business Day as an Early Termination Date (which Exchange Business Day shall be on or as promptly as reasonably practicable after the related settlement date for such Affected Convertible Securities) with respect
to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Affected Number of Options) equal to the lesser of (x) the number of Affected Convertible Securities [minus the Affected Number of
Options (as defined in the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation) (and for purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation or under the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation will be among the Affected Number of
Options hereunder or under, and as defined in, the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation, the Affected Convertible Securities specified in such Early Conversion Notice shall be allocated first to the Base Call Option Transaction Confirmation
until all options thereunder are exercised or terminated)]21 and (y) the Number of Options as of the Conversion Date (as defined in the Indenture) for such Early Conversion;

(C) 

any payment hereunder with respect to such termination shall be calculated pursuant to Section 6 of the
Agreement as if (x) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Options equal to the Affected Number of Options, (y) Counterparty were the sole
Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event and (z) the terminated portion of the Transaction were the sole Affected Transaction; 

(D) 

for the avoidance of doubt, in determining the amount payable in respect of such Affected Transaction pursuant
to Section 6 of the Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall assume that (x) the relevant Early Conversion and any conversions, adjustments, agreements, payments, deliveries or acquisitions by or on behalf of Counterparty leading thereto had
not occurred, (y) no adjustment to the conversion rate for the Convertible Securities has occurred pursuant to any Make-Whole Adjustment or Discretionary Adjustment and (z) the corresponding Convertible Securities remain outstanding; and

21 

Include for additional capped call. 

Page 20 of 32 

(E) 

the Transaction shall remain in full force and effect, except that, as of the Conversion Date(as
defined in the Indenture) for such Early Conversion, the Number of Options shall be reduced by the Affected Number of Options. 

(c) Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on Certain Extraordinary Events. If (a) an Early
Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) occurs or is designated with respect to the Transaction or (b) the Transaction is cancelled or terminated upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (except
as a result of (i) a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event in which the consideration to be paid to all holders of Shares consists solely of cash, (ii) a Merger Event or Tender Offer that is within Counterpartys control, or
(iii) an Event of Default in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which Counterparty is the Affected Party other than an Event of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(iii), (v), (vi), (vii) or
(viii) of the Agreement or a Termination Event of the type described in Section 5(b) of the Agreement, in each case that resulted from an event or events outside Counterpartys control), and if Dealer would owe any amount to
Counterparty pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement (any such amount, a Payment Obligation), then Dealer shall satisfy the Payment Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below) unless
(a) Counterparty gives irrevocable telephonic notice to Dealer, confirmed in writing within one Scheduled Trading Day, no later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date (in the case of a
Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting), Early Termination Date or date of cancellation, as applicable, of its election that the Share Termination Alternative shall not apply, (b) as of the date of such election, Counterparty represents that
is not in possession of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares, and that such election is being made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with
the federal securities laws, and (c) Dealer agrees, in its sole discretion, to such election, in which case the provisions of Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement, as the case may be, shall apply. 

Share Termination Alternative: If applicable, means that Dealer shall deliver to Counterparty the Share Termination Delivery Property on the date on which the Payment Obligation would otherwise be due pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement or such
later date or dates as Dealer may commercially reasonably determine (the Share Termination Payment Date) taking into account commercially reasonable hedging or hedge unwind activity, in satisfaction of the Payment
Obligation.

Share Termination Delivery 

Property: A number of Share Termination Delivery Units, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, equal to the Payment Obligation divided by the Share Termination Unit Price. The Calculation
Agent shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, adjust the Share Termination Delivery Property by replacing any fractional portion of the aggregate amount of a security therein with an amount of cash equal to the value of such
fractional security based on the values used to calculate the Share Termination Unit Price.

Share Termination Unit Price: The value of property contained in one Share Termination Delivery Unit on the date such Share Termination Delivery Units are to be delivered as Share Termination Delivery Property, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a
commercially reasonable manner and notified by the Calculation Agent to Dealer at the time of notification of the Payment Obligation.

Page 21 of 32 

Share Termination Delivery Unit: In the case of a Termination Event (other than on account of an Insolvency, Nationalization or Merger Event), Event of Default, Delisting or Additional Disruption Event, one Share or, in the case of an Insolvency, Nationalization or
Merger Event, one Share or a unit consisting of the number or amount of each type of property received by a holder of one Share (without consideration of any requirement to pay cash or other consideration in lieu of fractional amounts of any
securities) in such Insolvency, Nationalization or Merger Event, as applicable. If such Insolvency, Nationalization or Merger Event involves a choice of consideration to be received by holders, such holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive
the maximum possible amount of cash.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Other Applicable Provisions: If Share Termination Alternative is applicable, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable as if Physical Settlement applied to the Transaction, except that all references
to Shares shall be read as references to Share Termination Delivery Units; provided that the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be modified by excluding any
representations therein relating to restrictions, obligations, limitations or requirements under applicable securities laws as a result of the fact that Counterparty is the issuer of any Share Termination Delivery Units (or any part
thereof).

(d) Disposition of Hedge Shares. Counterparty hereby agrees that if, in the good
faith reasonable judgment of Dealer, based on the advice of counsel, the Shares (the Hedge Shares) acquired by Dealer for the purpose of hedging its obligations pursuant to the Transaction in a commercially reasonable manner
cannot be sold in the U.S. public market by Dealer without registration under the Securities Act, Counterparty shall, at its election: (i) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a registered offering, make available to Dealer an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the resale of such Hedge Shares and (A) enter into an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, substantially in the form of an underwriting agreement
for a registered offering, (B) provide accountants comfort letters in customary form for registered offerings of equity securities, (C) provide disclosure opinions of nationally recognized outside counsel to Counterparty
reasonably acceptable to Dealer, (D) provide other customary opinions, certificates and closing documents customary in form for registered offerings of equity securities and (E) afford Dealer a reasonable opportunity to conduct a due
diligence investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for underwritten offerings of equity securities (in all cases of (A)-(E) above, as would be usual and customary for offerings for companies of similar size and industry);
provided that if Counterparty elects clause (i) above but the items referred to therein are not completed in a timely manner, or if Dealer, in its sole reasonable discretion, is not satisfied with access to due diligence materials, the
results of its due diligence investigation, or the procedures and documentation for the registered offering referred to above, then clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this Section 8(d) shall apply at the election of Counterparty;
(ii) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a private placement, enter into a private placement agreement substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities of
similar size and industry, in form and substance commercially reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, including customary representations, covenants, blue sky and other governmental filings and/or registrations, indemnities to Dealer, due diligence
rights (for Dealer or any designated buyer of the Hedge Shares from Dealer), and best efforts obligations to provide opinions and certificates and such other documentation as is customary for private placements agreements for transactions of similar
size and type, as is commercially reasonably acceptable to Dealer (in which case, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustments to the terms of the Transaction that are necessary, in its good faith, commercially reasonable judgment, to compensate
Dealer for any commercially reasonable discount from the public market price of the Shares incurred on the sale of Hedge Shares in a private placement); or (iii) purchase the Hedge Shares from Dealer at the then-current market price on such
Exchange Business Days, and in the amounts and at such time(s), commercially reasonably requested by Dealer. This Section 8(d) shall survive the termination, expiration or early unwind of the Transaction. 

Page 22 of 32 

(e) Repurchase Notices. Counterparty shall, at least two Scheduled
Trading Days prior to any day on which Counterparty effects any repurchase of Shares, give Dealer a written notice of such repurchase (a Repurchase Notice) if, following such repurchase, the number of outstanding Shares as
determined on such day is (i) less than 136.0 million (in the case of the first such notice) or (ii) thereafter more than 7.2 million less than the number of Shares included in the immediately preceding Repurchase Notice;
provided that Counterparty may provide Dealer advance notice on or prior to any such day to the extent it expects that repurchases effected on such day may result in an obligation to deliver a Repurchase Notice (and in such case, any such
advance notice shall be deemed a Repurchase Notice to the maximum extent of repurchases set forth in such advance notice as if Counterparty had executed such repurchases). In the event that Counterparty fails to provide Dealer with a Repurchase
Notice on the day and in the manner specified in this Section 8(e) then Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Dealer, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons (Dealer and
each such person being an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all commercially reasonable losses (including losses relating to the Dealers commercially reasonable hedging activities as a consequence of becoming, or
of the risk of becoming, a Section 16 insider, including without limitation, any forbearance from hedging activities or cessation of hedging activities and any losses in connection therewith with respect to this Transaction),
claims, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof), joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject under applicable securities laws, including without limitation, Section 16 of the Exchange Act or under any
state or federal law, regulation or regulatory order, relating to or arising out of such failure. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold harmless any Indemnified Party, then
Counterparty shall contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability. In addition, Counterparty will reimburse any Indemnified Party for
all commercially reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including commercially reasonable fees and expenses of one outside counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) as they are
incurred (after notice to Counterparty) in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense or settlement of any pending or threatened claim or any action, suit or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such Indemnified Party
is a party thereto and whether or not such claim, action suit or proceeding is initiated or brought by or on behalf of Counterparty. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be
brought or asserted against the Indemnified Person as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Dealer with a Repurchase Notice in accordance with this paragraph, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify Counterparty in writing.
Counterparty shall not be liable to the extent that the Indemnified Person fails to notify Counterparty within a commercially reasonable period of time after any action is commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder
(it being understood that any such notice delivered within 30 calendar days of the commencement of any such action shall be deemed to have been delivered within a commercially reasonable period of time for such purpose). In addition, Counterparty
shall not have liability for any settlement of any proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Counterparty agrees to
indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Counterparty shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any such proceeding
contemplated by this paragraph that is pending or threatened in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an
unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceedings on terms reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person. Counterparty shall not be liable for any losses, claims,
damages or liabilities (or expenses relating thereto) of any Indemnified Person that result from bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud of such Indemnified Person (in each case, as conclusively determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgement). This indemnity shall survive the completion of the Transaction contemplated by this Confirmation and any assignment and delegation of the Transaction made
pursuant to this Confirmation or the Agreement and shall inure to the benefit of any permitted assignee of Dealer. 

(f)
Transfer and Assignment. 

(i) Either party may transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under the
Transaction with the prior written consent of the non-transferring party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that Dealer may transfer or assign without any consent of
Counterparty its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any affiliate or 

Page 23 of 32 

branch of Dealer with a rating (i) for its long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness at least equivalent to or better than Dealers, or whose obligations hereunder will be
guaranteed, pursuant to the terms of a customary guarantee in a form used by Dealer generally for similar transactions, by Dealer or Dealers ultimate parent or (ii) that is no lower than A3 from Moodys Investor Service, Inc. (or its
successor) or A- from Standard and Poors Rating Group, Inc. (or its successor); provided further that, at the time of such transfer or assignment either (x) both the Dealer and transferee or
assignee in any such transfer or assignment are a dealer in securities within the meaning of Section 475(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or (y) the transfer or assignment
does not result in a deemed exchange by Counterparty within the meaning of Section 1001 of the Code. In the event of any such transfer or assignment, the transferee or assignee shall agree that (i) Counterparty shall not be required to pay
the transferee or assignee on any payment date under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement any amount greater than the amount Counterparty would have been required to pay to Dealer in the absence of such transfer or assignment,
(ii) Counterparty shall not receive from the transferee or assignee on any payment date or delivery date (including amounts paid by the transferee or assignee under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement) any amount of cash or number of
Shares less than it would have been entitled to receive in the absence of such transfer or assignment and (iii) the transferee or assignee shall make such Payee Tax Representations and provide such tax documentation as may be reasonably
requested by Counterparty to permit Counterparty to determine that results described in clauses (i) and (ii) will not occur upon or after such transfer or assignment. If at any time at which (1) the Equity Percentage exceeds 8.0% or
(2) Dealer, Dealer Group (as defined below) or any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Dealer or Dealer Group (Dealer, Dealer Group or any such person, a Dealer Person) under Section 203 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law or other federal, state or local law, rule, regulation or regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty applicable to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions),
owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds the power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership in excess of a number of Shares equal to (x) the number of Shares that would give rise to reporting,
registration, filing or notification obligations or other requirements (including obtaining prior approval by a state or federal regulator, but excluding reporting obligations arising under Section 13 of the Exchange Act as in effect on the
Trade Date) of a Dealer Person under Applicable Restrictions and with respect to which such requirements have not been met or the relevant approval has not been received, or that would have any other adverse effect on a Dealer Person, under
Applicable Restrictions minus (y) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding on the date of determination (either such condition described in clause (1) or (2), an Excess Ownership Position), Dealer, in its discretion, is
unable to effect a transfer or assignment to a third party after its commercially reasonable efforts on pricing and terms and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Dealer such that an Excess Ownership Position no longer exists, Dealer may
designate any Scheduled Trading Day as an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion (the Terminated Portion) of the Transaction, such that an Excess Ownership Position would no longer exist following the resulting partial
termination of the Transaction (after taking into account commercially reasonable adjustments to Dealers commercially reasonable Hedge Positions from such partial termination). In the event that Dealer so designates an Early Termination Date
with respect to a portion of the Transaction, a payment or delivery shall be made pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement or Section 8(c) of this Confirmation as if (i) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a
Transaction having terms identical to the Terminated Portion of the Transaction, (ii) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such partial termination, (iii) such portion of the Transaction were the only Terminated
Transaction and (iv) Dealer were the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement and to determine the amount payable pursuant to Section 6(e) of the Agreement. Dealer shall notify
Counterparty of an Excess Ownership Position with respect to which it intends to seek a transfer or assignment as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such an Excess Ownership Position. The Equity Percentage as
of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the number of Shares that Dealer and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with Dealer for purposes of the beneficial
ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which Dealer is or may be deemed to be a part (collectively, Dealer 

Page 24 of 32 

Group) beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act), without duplication, on such day (or, to the extent that for any reason the equivalent
calculation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder results in a higher number, such higher number) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day. In the case of a
transfer or assignment by Counterparty of its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Agreement, in whole or in part (any such Options so transferred or assigned, the Transfer Options), to any party, withholding of such
consent by Dealer shall not be considered unreasonable if such transfer or assignment does not meet the reasonable conditions that Dealer may impose including, but not limited, to the following conditions: 

(A) 

With respect to any Transfer Options, Counterparty shall not be released from its notice and indemnification
obligations pursuant to Section 8(e) or any obligations under Section 2 (regarding Extraordinary Events) or 8(d) of this Confirmation; 

(B) 

Any Transfer Options shall only be transferred or assigned to a third party that is a U.S. person (as defined
in the Code); 

(C) 

Such transfer or assignment shall be effected on terms, including any reasonable undertakings by such third
party (including, but not limited to, undertakings with respect to compliance with applicable securities laws in a manner that, in the reasonable judgment of Dealer, will not expose Dealer to material risks under applicable securities laws) and
execution of any documentation and delivery of legal opinions with respect to securities laws and other matters by such third party and Counterparty as are requested by and reasonably satisfactory to, Dealer; 

(D) 

Dealer shall not, as a result of such transfer and assignment, be required to pay the transferee on any payment
date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement greater than an amount that Dealer would have been required to pay to Counterparty in the absence of such transfer and assignment; 

(E) 

Dealer shall not, as a result of such transfer or assignment, receive from the transferee or assignee any
amount less than it would have been entitled to receive in the absence of such transfer or assignment; 

(F) 

An Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event shall not occur as a result of such
transfer and assignment; 

(G) 

Counterparty shall have caused the transferee to make such Payee Tax Representations and to provide such tax
documentation as may be reasonably requested by Dealer to permit Dealer to determine that results described in clauses (D) and (E) will not occur upon or after such transfer and assignment; and 

(H) 

Counterparty shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable counsel fees,
incurred by Dealer in connection with such transfer or assignment. 

(ii) Notwithstanding any other
provision in this Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities, or make or receive any payment in cash, to or from Counterparty, Dealer may designate any of its
affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities, or to make or receive such payment in cash, and otherwise to perform Dealers obligations in respect of the Transaction and any such designee may assume such
obligations. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Counterparty solely to the extent of any such performance. 

Page 25 of 32 

(g) Staggered Settlement. If upon advice of counsel with respect to
applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including any requirements relating to Dealers commercially reasonable hedging activities hereunder, Dealer reasonably determines that it would not be practicable or advisable to deliver, or to
acquire Shares to deliver, any or all of the Shares to be delivered by Dealer on any Settlement Date for the Transaction, Dealer may, by notice to Counterparty on or prior to any Settlement Date (a Nominal Settlement Date), elect
to deliver the Shares on two or more dates (each, a Staggered Settlement Date) as follows: 

(i) in such
notice, Dealer will specify to Counterparty the related Staggered Settlement Dates (each of which will be on or prior to such Nominal Settlement Date) and the number of Shares that it will deliver on each Staggered Settlement Date; 

(ii) the aggregate number of Shares that Dealer will deliver to Counterparty hereunder on all such Staggered Settlement Dates
will equal the number of Shares that Dealer would otherwise be required to deliver on such Nominal Settlement Date; and 

(iii) if the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement (as defined in the Indenture) terms set
forth above were to apply on the Nominal Settlement Date, then the Net Share Settlement terms or the Combination Settlement terms, as the case may be, will apply on each Staggered Settlement Date, except that the Shares otherwise deliverable on such
Nominal Settlement Date will be allocated among such Staggered Settlement Dates as specified by Dealer in the notice referred to in clause (i) above. 

(h) Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction, Counterparty and each
of its employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses)
that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 

(i) No Netting and Set-off.The provisions of Section 2(c) of the Agreement shall not apply to the Transaction. Each party waives any and all rights it may have to set-off delivery or
payment obligations it owes to the other party under the Transaction against any delivery or payment obligations owed to it by the other party, whether arising under the Agreement, under any other agreement between parties hereto, by operation of
law or otherwise. 

(j) Equity Rights. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is not intended to
convey to it rights with respect to the Transaction that are senior to the claims of common stockholders in the event of Counterpartys bankruptcy. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that the preceding sentence shall not apply at any
time other than during Counterpartys bankruptcy to any claim arising as a result of a breach by Counterparty of any of its obligations under this Confirmation or the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that the
obligations of Counterparty under this Confirmation are not secured by any collateral that would otherwise secure the obligations of Counterparty herein under or pursuant to any other agreement. 

(k) Early Unwind. In the event the sale by Counterparty of the [Firm Securities]22 [Additional Securities]23 is not consummated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for any reason by the close of business in New York on
March 7, 202524 (or such later date as agreed upon by the parties) (March 7, 2025 or such later date being the Early Unwind Date), the Transaction shall automatically
terminate (the Early Unwind) on the Early Unwind Date and the Transaction and all of the respective rights and obligations of Dealer and Counterparty hereunder shall be cancelled and terminated. Following such termination and
cancellation, each party shall be released and discharged by the other party from, and agrees not to make any claim against the other party with respect to, any obligations or liabilities of either party arising out of, and to be performed in
connection with, the Transaction either prior to or after the Early Unwind Date. Dealer and Counterparty represent and acknowledge to the other that upon an Early Unwind, all obligations with respect to the Transaction shall be deemed fully and
finally discharged. 

22 

Include for base capped call. 

23 

Include for additional capped call. 

24 

For the base capped call, to be the scheduled closing date for the Base Convertible Securities. For the
additional capped call, to be the scheduled closing date for the Additional Convertible Securities. 

Page 26 of 32 

(l) Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging. Counterparty
understands, acknowledges and agrees that: (A) at any time on and prior to the Expiration Date, Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other
derivative securities in order to adjust its hedge position with respect to the Transaction; (B) Dealer and its affiliates also may be active in the market for Shares other than in connection with hedging activities in relation to the
Transaction; (C) Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities in securities of Issuer shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price
and market risk with respect to the Daily VWAP (as defined in the Indenture); (D) any market activities of Dealer and its affiliates with respect to Shares may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, as well as the Daily
VWAP (as defined in the Indenture), each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty; and (E) the Transaction is a derivatives transaction in which it has granted Dealer an option, and Dealer may purchase shares for its own account at
an average price that may be greater than, or less than, the price paid by Counterparty under the terms of the Transaction. 

(m) Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act. In connection with Section 739 of the Wall Street Transparency
and Accountability Act of 2010 (the WSTAA), the parties hereby agree that neither the enactment of the WSTAA (or any statute containing any legal certainty provision similar to Section 739 of the WSTAA) or any regulation
under the WSTAA (or any such statute), nor any requirement under the WSTAA (or any statute containing any legal certainty provision similar to Section 739 of the WSTAA) or an amendment made by the WSTAA (or any such statute), shall limit or
otherwise impair either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the Agreement, as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs,
regulatory change or similar event under this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the Agreement (including, but not limited to, rights arising from Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging or Illegality).

(n) Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury. 

(i) THE AGREEMENT, THIS CONFIRMATION AND ALL MATTERS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT AND THIS CONFIRMATION SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW DOCTRINE, OTHER THAN TITLE 14 OF ARTICLE 5 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).

(ii) Section 13(b) of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits for itself and its property in any suit, legal action or
proceeding relating to this Confirmation or the Agreement, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, (each, Proceedings) to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in
New York County, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof. Nothing in this Confirmation or the Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other
jurisdiction if (A) the courts of the State of New York or the United States of America for the Southern District of New York lack jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter of the Proceedings or decline to accept the Proceedings on
the grounds of lacking such jurisdiction; (B) the Proceedings are commenced by a party for the purpose of enforcing against the other partys property, assets or estate any decision or judgment rendered by any court in which Proceedings
may be brought as provided hereunder; (C) the Proceedings are commenced to appeal any such courts decision or judgment to any higher court with competent appellate 

Page 27 of 32 

jurisdiction over that courts decisions or judgments if that higher court is located outside the State of New York or Borough of Manhattan, such as a federal court of appeals or the U.S.
Supreme Court; or (D) any suit, action or proceeding has been commenced in another jurisdiction by or against the other party or against its property, assets or estate and, in order to exercise or protect its rights, interests or remedies under
this Confirmation or the Agreement, the party (1) joins, files a claim, or takes any other action, in any such suit, action or proceeding, or (2) otherwise commences any Proceeding in that other jurisdiction as the result of that other
suit, action or proceeding having commenced in that other jurisdiction. 

(iii) EACH OF COUNTERPARTY AND
DEALER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES (ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS) ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS CONFIRMATION OR THE AGREEMENT.

(o) Amendment. This Confirmation and the
Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplemented, except in a written instrument signed by Counterparty and Dealer. 

(p) Counterparts. This Confirmation may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., DocuSign and AdobeSign (any such signature, an Electronic Signature)) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to
have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in this Confirmation or in any other certificate, agreement or
document related to this Confirmation shall include any Electronic Signature, except to the extent electronic notices are expressly prohibited under this Confirmation or the Agreement. 

(q) Tax Matters. For purposes of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, Counterparty agrees to deliver to
Dealer one duly executed and completed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) and Dealer shall provide to Counterparty one duly executed and completed United States Internal
Revenue Service Form [W-8][W-9]25 (or successor thereto). Such forms shall be delivered upon (i) execution and
delivery of this Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request of the other party and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the other party has become obsolete or incorrect. 

(r) Withholding Tax Imposed on Payments to Non-US Counterparties under the United
States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code,
any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a FATCA Withholding Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by
applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of the Agreement. 

(s) Incorporation of ISDA 2015
Section 871(m) Protocol Provisions. To the extent that either party to the Agreement with respect to this Transaction is not an adhering party to the ISDA 2015 Section 871(m) Protocol published by the International Swaps
and Derivatives Association, Inc. on November 2, 2015 and available at www.isda.org, as may be amended, supplemented, replaced or superseded from time to time (the 871(m) Protocol), the parties agree that the provisions and
amendments contained in the Attachment to the 871(m) Protocol are incorporated into and apply to the 

25 

To be updated for particular dealer entity.

Page 28 of 32 

Agreement with respect to this Transaction as if set forth in full herein. The parties further agree that, solely for purposes of applying such provisions and amendments to the Agreement with
respect to this Transaction, references to each Covered Master Agreement in the 871(m) Protocol will be deemed to be references to the Agreement with respect to this Transaction, and references to the Implementation Date in
the 871(m) Protocol will be deemed to be references to the Trade Date of this Transaction. 

(t) Payee Tax
Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, the parties make the representations below: 

(i) [Dealer is a [_________] organized under the laws of the [United States] and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is
[_____]. It is a U.S. person (as that term is used in Treasury Regulation section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii)). It is exempt within the meaning of Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) from information reporting on IRS Form 1099 and backup withholding.]26

(ii) Counterparty is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of Delaware. It is
exempt within the meaning of Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) from information reporting on IRS Form 1099 and backup withholding.

(u) Amendments to Equity Definitions. 

(i) Solely in respect of adjustments to the Cap Price pursuant to Section 8(v): 

(1) 

Section 11.2(e)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by adding the phrase , provided that,
notwithstanding this Section 11.2(e)(v), the parties hereto agree that, with respect to the Transaction, the following repurchases of Shares by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall not be considered Potential Adjustment Events: any
repurchases of Shares in open-market transactions at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated accelerated Share repurchase (or similar) transactions that are entered into at prevailing market prices and in accordance with customary market
terms for transactions of such type to repurchase the Shares, in each case, to the extent that, after giving effect to such transactions, the aggregate number of Shares repurchased during the term of the Transaction pursuant to all transactions
described in this proviso would not exceed 20% of the number of Shares outstanding as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent at the end of such Section. 

(2) 

Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words that may have
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and replacing them with the words that is the result of a corporate event involving the Issuer or its securities that has, in the commercially reasonable
judgment of the Calculation Agent, a material economic effect on the Shares or options on the Shares; provided that such event is not based on (a) an observable market, other than the market for the Counterpartys own stock or
(b) an observable index, other than an index calculated and measured solely by reference to Counterpartys own operations. 

(3) 

Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing 10% with
20%. 

26 

To be updated for particular dealer entity. 

Page 29 of 32 

(ii) Section 12.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by
(1) inserting (1) immediately following the word means in the first line thereof and (2) inserting immediately prior to the semi-colon at the end of subsection (B) thereof the following words: or
(2) the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(1) through (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement with respect to that Issuer. 

(iii) Section 12.9(b)(i) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing either party may elect with
Dealer may elect or, if Counterparty represents to Dealer in writing at the time of such election that (i) it is not aware of any material nonpublic information with respect to Counterparty or the Shares and (ii) it is not making
such election as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws, Counterparty may elect. 

(iv) Section 12(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended by (1) deleting the phrase or email in the third line
thereof and (2) deleting the phrase or that communication is delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the close of business on a Local Business Day in the final clause thereof. 

(v) Other Adjustments Pursuant to the Equity Definitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the
Equity Definitions or this Confirmation, upon the occurrence of a Merger Date, the occurrence of a Tender Offer Date, or declaration by Counterparty of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner whether such occurrence or declaration, as applicable, has had a material economic effect on the Transaction and, if so, shall, in its good faith and commercially reasonable discretion, adjust the Cap Price to
preserve the fair value of the Options taking into account, for the avoidance of doubt, such economic effect on both the Strike Price and Cap Price (provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price; provided
further that any adjustment to the Cap Price made pursuant to this Section 8(v) shall be made without duplication of any other adjustment hereunder) and that such adjustments may be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected
dividends, interest rates, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares. Solely for purposes of this Section 8(v), the terms Potential Adjustment Event, Merger Event, and Tender Offer shall
each have the meanings assigned to each such term in the Equity Definitions (as amended by Section 8(u)(i)). 

(w)
Notice of Certain Other Events. (A) Counterparty shall give Dealer commercially reasonable advance (but in no event less than one Exchange Business Day) written notice of the section or sections of the Indenture and, if applicable, the
formula therein, pursuant to which any adjustment will be made to the Convertible Securities in connection with any Potential Adjustment Event, Merger Event or Tender Offer and (B) promptly following any such adjustment, Counterparty shall give
Dealer written notice of the details of such adjustment. 

(x) Payment by Counterparty. In the event that, following
payment of the Premium, (i) an Early Termination Date occurs or is designated with respect to the Transaction as a result of a Termination Event or an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default arising under Section 5(a)(ii) or
5(a)(iv) of the Agreement) and, as a result, Counterparty owes to Dealer an amount calculated under Section 6(e) of the Agreement, or (ii) Counterparty owes to Dealer, pursuant to Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of the Equity
Definitions, an amount calculated under Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 

(y) [U.S. QFC Stay Rules. The parties agree that (i) to the extent that prior to the date hereof both parties have
adhered to the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (the Protocol), the terms of the Protocol are incorporated into and form a part of the Agreement, and for such purposes the Agreement shall be deemed a Protocol Covered
Agreement and each party shall be deemed to have the same status as Regulated Entity and/or Adhering Party as applicable to it under the Protocol; (ii) to the extent that prior to the date hereof the parties have executed a separate agreement
the effect of which is to amend the qualified financial contracts between them to conform with the requirements of the QFC Stay Rules (the Bilateral Agreement), the terms of the Bilateral Agreement are incorporated into and form a
part of the Agreement and each party shall be deemed to have the status of Covered Entity or Counterparty Entity (or other similar term) as applicable to it under the Bilateral Agreement; or (iii) if clause (i) and
clause (ii) do not 

Page 30 of 32 

apply, the terms of Section 1 and Section 2 and the related defined terms (together, the Bilateral Terms) of the form of bilateral template entitled Full-Length
Omnibus (for use between U.S. G-SIBs and Corporate Groups) published by ISDA on November 2, 2018 (currently available on the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol page at www.isda.org and, a copy
of which is available upon request), the effect of which is to amend the qualified financial contracts between the parties thereto to conform with the requirements of the QFC Stay Rules, are hereby incorporated into and form a part of the Agreement,
and for such purposes the Agreement shall be deemed a Covered Agreement, Dealer shall be deemed a Covered Entity and Dealer shall be deemed a Counterparty Entity. In the event that, after the date of the
Agreement, both parties hereto become adhering parties to the Protocol, the terms of the Protocol will replace the terms of this Section 8(y) of the Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Agreement and the terms of the
Protocol, the Bilateral Agreement or the Bilateral Terms (each, the QFC Stay Terms), as applicable, the QFC Stay Terms will govern. Terms used in this paragraph without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them under the
QFC Stay Rules. For purposes of this paragraph, references to the Agreement include any related credit enhancements entered into between the parties or provided by one to the other. In addition, the parties agree that the terms of this
paragraph shall be incorporated into any related covered affiliate credit enhancements, with all references to Dealer Parent replaced by references to the covered affiliate support provider. QFC Stay Rules means the regulations
codified at 12 C.F.R. 252.2, 252.818, 12 C.F.R. 382.1-7 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1-8, which, subject to limited exceptions, require an express recognition of the stay-and-transfer powers of the FDIC under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and the override of default rights related directly or indirectly to the entry of an affiliate into certain insolvency proceedings and any restrictions on the transfer of any covered affiliate credit enhancements.]27

(z) [Role of Agent.]28 [Insert Dealer any agency language or communications with employees provisions.] 

27 

Insert as applicable for each Dealer 

28 

Insert as applicable for each Dealer. 

Page 31 of 32 

Counterparty hereby agrees (a) to check this Confirmation carefully and immediately
upon receipt so that errors or discrepancies can be promptly identified and rectified and (b) to confirm that the foregoing (in the exact form provided by Dealer) correctly sets forth the terms of the agreement between Dealer and Counterparty
with respect to the Transaction, by manually signing this Confirmation or this page hereof as evidence of agreement to such terms and providing the other information required herein and immediately returning an executed copy to Dealer. 

Yours faithfully,

[DEALER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Agreed and Accepted By:

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Page 32 of 32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>atec-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>atec-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>atec-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195852797.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195853074.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195853243.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195853398.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195853556.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195853820.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g890647g0307195853984.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001350653

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-52024

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-2463898

Entity Address, Address Line One 1950 Camino Vida Roble

Entity Address, City or Town Carlsbad

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92008

City Area Code (760)

Local Phone Number 431-9286

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol ATEC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://alphatecspine.com//20250307/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atec-20250307.xsd 
atec-20250307_lab.xml 
atec-20250307_pre.xml 
d890647d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-049998-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d890647d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001350653 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

false 
0001350653 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
000-52024 
20-2463898 
1950 Camino Vida Roble 
Carlsbad 
CA 
92008 
(760) 
431-9286 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 
ATEC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>