<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001731122-25-000490.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001731122-25-000490.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331164318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-25-000490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240903
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358633
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-COMPUTER & COMPUTER SOFTWARE STORES [5734]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				200956471
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34861
		FILM NUMBER:		25794156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVE
		STREET 2:		21ST, FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-202-2897

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVE
		STREET 2:		21ST, FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intelligent Buying, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060406
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e6473_8ka4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A4
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

trueExplanatory Note This Amendment No. 4 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A amends the Current Report on Form 8-K of Sentient Brands Holdings, INc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), most recently amended on March 6, 2025. The Company is filing this Form 8-K/A to disclose the further extension of the Closing Date and a modification of some of the terms.000135863300013586332024-09-032024-09-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K/A

(Amendment No. 4)

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
September 3, 2024

SENTIENT
BRANDS HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

(Former Name of Registrant)

Nevada 001-34861 86-3765910

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer Identification Number)

590 Madison Avenue, 21st Floor

New York, New York10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

646-202-2897

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note

This Amendment No. 4 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A amends the Current Report
on Form 8-K of Sentient Brands Holdings, INc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), most recently amended on March 6, 2025.
The Company is filing this Form 8-K/A to disclose the further extension of the Closing Date and a modification of some of the terms.

Item
1.01 Entry Into A Material Definitive Agreement

On March 28, 2025, Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. (SNBH),
through its wholly-owned subsidiary AIG F&B, a Nevada corporation (AIGFB) entered into a Memorandum of Understanding which is intended
to modify and amend the Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with American Industrial Group, a Florida corporation
(AIG or the Company), which is owned and controlled by its shareholders, and which owns and controls several
assets and lines of business of interest to the Company, pursuant to which, upon the Closing (as defined below), AIGFB will acquire many
of those assets and rights of AIG in exchange for acquisition credits, to be ultimately paid by the exchange of those credits for shares
of common stock of SNBH (the Acquisition Credits). These Acquisition Credits will be issued by SNBH to AIG shareholders
and/or their designees (Shareholders) in accordance with an Earnout Schedule (as defined below) set forth in the Exchange
Agreement (the Exchange Agreement). The closing of the Exchange Agreement (the Closing) is to take place on
or before April 10, 2025 (the Outside Closing Date).

The holders of AIG represent a group of international, vertically integrated
food and beverage manufacturing companies (AIG Group), comprising eight factories and 170 distributors across 22 countries,
who market and sell products through various U.S. and international big-box retailers and distributors, with several product lines holding
Organic and Kosher certifications. In line with its business plan, AIGFB intends to launch a global, vertically integrated food and beverage
manufacturing and distribution business, based on AIGs proven, cash flow-positive product lines and business models. SNBH believes
that, if the Acquisition Credit Exchange is consummated, AIGFBs planned business venture would be synergistic with SNBHs
existing product and brand development business and anticipates meaningful operation efficiency through the integration of the two organizations.

Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, following the Closing, the Acquisition
Credits will be issued by SNBH to the Shareholders or their designated interest holders on a quarterly basis over the five (5) year period
immediately following the Closing, in accordance with a performance-based Earnout Schedule (the Earnout Schedule). Pursuant
to the Earnout Schedule, the Acquisition Credits will be issued after achieving certain Company revenue and EBITDA growth for a period
of up to five (5) years. The number of Acquisition Credits issued to the Shareholders pursuant to the Earnout Schedule will be based upon
the greatest number of Acquisition Credits that would be calculated utilizing three (3) different earnout criteria methods, as follows:

Annual Revenue Growth Method: Acquisition Credits issued
= 70% of quarterly revenue growth relative to the same quarter in the previous year. For example: If revenue grows from $5,000,000
in quarter one 2024 to $10,000,000 in quarter one 2025 and SNBHs revenue growth is $5,000,000, indicating that 70% of $5,000,000
($3,500,000) of Acquisition Credits are to be issued.

EBITDA Method: Acquisition Credits issued = 70% of (Five
(5) x quarterly EBITDA growth relative to the same quarter in the previous year) / (Companys trailing average share price over
the prior quarter). For example: If EBITDA grows from $200,000 in quarter one 2024 to $500,000 in quarter one 2025 then this method
would generate 5 times that increase, or 5 X $300,000, times 70%, or $1,050,000 Acquisition Credits would be issued.

Appraised Value of Rolled-in Assets Method: Acquisition
Credits issued = 1.4 times the appraised value of rolled-in assets relative to the same quarter in the previous year. For example:
If assets in quarter one 2024 were $1,000,000 and assets in quarter one 2025 were $5,000,000 then $4,000,000 X 1.4 or $5,600,000 of Acquisition
Credits would be issued.

Issuances of the Acquisition Credits to the Shareholders will generally
commence after the initial two (2) quarters of the Companys revenue are disclosed in the SNBH periodic reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Form 10-Q and 10-K, as applicable, following the Closing, although any asset purchases
will be compensated by Acquisition Credits immediately upon acquisition.

The number of Acquisition Credits to be issued to the Shareholders each
quarter will be determined by calculating the three (3) above earnout criteria methods. The method which yields the largest number of
Acquisition Credits will be utilized for the issuance of the Acquisition Credits to the Shareholders within the applicable quarterly period.
The Shareholders must designate any designees or assignees prior to the end of the quarter and must provide documentation sufficient to
determine whether or not the designees or assignees credits are to be aggregated with any other recipient of credits for
the purpose of determining the Maximum Issuance (as defined below).

The Acquisition Credits earnout period will last for up to five (5) years,
provided, that, in order for Acquisition Credits to be issued to the Shareholders in a given year, the Companys revenue, with a
minimum of 5% EBITDA in such year, must increase over the previous year, and the number of Acquisition Credits to be issued will be based
upon such increase. At the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, the Company will calculate the Acquisition Credits to be issued
to the Shareholders using the three above earnout criteria methods. The method resulting in the largest number of Acquisition Credits
will be selected for each quarters issuance of the Acquisition Credits to the Shareholders. The applicable number of Acquisition
Credits shall be transferred to the Shareholders accordingly, subject to the Maximum Issuance.

Acquisition credits may be converted into shares of common stock of the
Company only after a six-month holding period. The conversion price for the credits will be the average of the 30-day closing price of
the Companys shares for the 30-day period immediately preceding any notice of conversion.

The number of shares issued by the conversion of Acquisition Credits that
may be acquired by the Shareholders pursuant to the Earnout Schedule will be limited to the extent necessary to ensure that, following
such earnout and subsequent conversion, the total number of shares of common stock then beneficially owned by such Shareholder and their
affiliates and any other persons whose beneficial ownership of the common stock would be aggregated with the Shareholders for purposes
of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act), does not exceed 9.999% of the total number of issued
and outstanding shares of common stock (including for such purpose the shares of common stock issuable upon such earnout) (a Maximum
Issuance). For such purposes, beneficial ownership will be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In the case where the amount of Acquisition Credits to be issued to a Shareholder, and then
converted into common stock by that Interestholder, would exceed the Maximum Issuance, then the Company will reserve that number of shares
in excess of the Maximum Issuance with its Transfer Agent (the Reserve Shares) and such Reserve Shares will be issued to
the Shareholder at such time that the issuance would not cause such Shareholder to exceed to the 9.999% ownership limit.

Concurrently with the Closing, Dante Jones will resign as an executive
officer and director of the Company; George Furlan will be appointed as interim chief executive officer, president and chief financial
officer of the Company, and as a non-independent director of the company. Eric Bruns and Dionne Pendelton will be appointed as independent
directors of the Company. The parties have agreed to indemnify each other for any losses that may be incurred by them as a result of their
breach of any of their representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Exchange Agreement. The Exchange Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties, covenants and conditions for a transaction of this type for the benefit of the parties. Prior to
the Closing, certain parties to the Exchange Agreement (collectively, the Lockup Parties) will be subject to the terms of
a lock-up leak-out agreement, which will provide the manner in which such Lockup Parties may sell, transfer or dispose of their shares
of common stock during the 12-month period following the Closing.

The foregoing information is a summary of each of the agreements involved
in the transactions described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of those agreements,
each of which is attached an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Readers should review those agreements for a complete understanding
of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Exchange
Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Exchange
Agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Exchange Agreement is incorporated
herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Exchange Agreement, and not to provide investors
with any other factual information regarding the Company, AIG or either of their businesses, and should be read in conjunction with the
disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Form 8-K/A includes forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Forward-looking Statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
and factors that may cause such differences include, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the
Companys filings with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any up[dates or revisions
to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any
change in events conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit
Number Description

10.2 Memorandum of Understanding for Amended Exchange Agreement by and between Sentient Brands Holdings Inc., AIG-F&B, Inc., and the owners of the AIG Interests (as defined therein) dated March 28, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC.

Date: March
31, 2025 By: /s/ Dante
Jones

Dante Jones

Interim Chief Executive
Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>e6473_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING

FOR AIF F&B Inc. ACQUISITION

AIGFB

Memorandum of Understanding

This Memorandum of Understanding (Agreement)
is made between AIG F&B, Inc. (Subsidiary), a Nevada corporation, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sentient
Brands Holdings, Inc. (SNBH), a Nevada corporation, and American Industrial Group, Inc. (Company)
a Florida Corporation. Subsidiary, SNBH, and Company are sometimes referred to individually as a Party and
collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS SNBH is an SEC reporting issuer, publicly
traded under the trading symbol OTC: SNBH;

WHEREAS Subsidiary is a wholly owned subsidiary
of SNBH specializing in the consumer packaged goods manufacturing and distribution in the food, beverage, disaster preparedness, and first
aid sectors;

WHEREAS Company is a manufacturer and marketing
entity specializing in the consumer packaged goods manufacturing and distribution in the food, beverage, disaster preparedness, and first
aid sectors (the Products);

WHEREAS, the Company desires for Subsidiary
to manufacture and distribute the Products on an exclusive basis;

WHEREAS, Subsidiary desires to manufacture
and distribute the Products under the management recruited and trained by the Company.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
promises and obligations contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

OUTLINE OF ACQUISITION CREDIT ALLOCATIONS AND CONDITIONS

1.0 The parties
agree that the Subsidiary will acquire certain rights and assets currently held and operated by the Company. The first transactions will
be selling contract rights and assets (inventory, machinery, receivables, and similar tangible items) from the Company to the Subsidiary
for Acquisition Credits at their value (as earnings multiples and as assets under the Section 2.1 definitions). These rights
are only a portion of the assets that are owned by the Company and are being specifically sold to the Subsidiary as set forth in this
agreement.

2.0 The parties
agree that the Company will receive compensation for its sale of these rights to Subsidiary based upon an Earnout Schedule,
described below, and calculated over a 5-year period.

2.1 Methods
for determining Earnout Schedule these are set out in the 8K filed March 31, 2025, and are further detailed in the Share
Exchange Agreement attached to that 8K (see Section 2.2), and are generally as follows:

(i) Valuation methods of Annual Revenue Growth or EBITDA, whichever is higher, plus the Appraised Value of
Assets: 

Annual Revenue Growth Method (70% of revenue increases)

EBITDA Method (70% of 5 X EBITDA)

1.4 x Appraised Value of Assets Method (actual value acquired)

1

(ii) Under
the Appraised Value of Assets Method, Acquisition Credits are assigned on the asset transfer date and calculated as 1.4 times the appraised
value for the portion received in Acquisition Credits instead of cash. This assumes a six-month lockup period, the ability to convert
the whole amount into free trading shares after 6 months, and a customary risk-adjusted return on a convertible debenture for a pink sheet
company. If the lockup period is extended due to lockup provisions or for any other reason, the 1.4 multiplier increases proportionally
to reflect the extension.

(iii) As per Section 2.2 and Schedule A
of the Share Exchange Agreement, in addition to 70% of the Earn-Out Schedule distributed to the Company shareholders, a 15% management
fee denominated in Acquisition Credits is distributed to American Industrial Group, Inc. and 15% to Z&O Bottling Innovations, Inc.
This structure applies to all acquisitions by SNBH.

2,2 The Earnout
Schedule will result in a series of credits being earned. These credits will be issued by SNBH in the form of an Acquisition
Credit, which can be converted into common stock of SNBH at a series of dates in the future, as set out more fully in the Acquisition
Credit description in the Share Exchange Agreement.

2.3 The recipients
of the Acquisition Credits are the equity holders of interests or rights at the Company:

25% to Global Assets,
Inc.

25% to Yan Aronov

50% to Concent, Inc.

any of these recipients are free to assign their rights to others, subject to any Lock-up Agreements
with SNBH

3. Operation
of Subsidiary. The subsidiary will enter into an exclusive manufacturing and distribution agreement (the Manufacturing
and Distribution Agreement) with the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to manufacture and distribute
the Products. It is anticipated that the manufacturing will initially be on a contract basis as determined by both the Company and Subsidiary.

3.1 Sales,
Orders, and Distribution. It is anticipated that the sales, order, and distribution cycle will be as follows:

a. Company will
submit a purchase order to Subsidiary for a number of Products.

b. Subsidiary
then provides Company with an invoice for the cost of manufacturing and shipping of Product plus a fee so that Subsidiary may maintain
at least 10% EBITDA.

c. Subsidiary
will determine payment, delivery, and other commercial terms for each Client at Subsidiarys discretion, using best and customary
industry practices.

d. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Subsidiary may otherwise make sales of the Products to customers other than those established customers of the Company.

3.2 Funding
of Subsidiary. The subsidiary will be acquiring funding from other resources as a concomitant event associated with buying the various
rights and distribution agreements from the Company, which may be issued in the form of a credit line from AIG or the Company to the Subsidiary.
This credit line, if provided by an SNBH-related entity, will be treated as an asset acquisition under the Earnout Schedule
and will be paid with Acquisition Credits.

2

3.3 Management
of Subsidiary. Subsidiary will enter into a management agreement with the Managers selected and trained by the Company and be responsible
for their compensation. The Management Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit C. The Management Agreement will require that the manager
of Subsidiary will do the following:

a. Use QuickBooks
Online with the GAAP chart of accounts set by SNBHs CFO.

b. Maintain financial
statements in accordance with US GAAP

c. Maintain records
sufficient to be audited pursuant to the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB)

d. Cooperate
with SNBHs independent auditors.

e. Cash Management:

Maintain at least 10% EBITDA:

(i) Reserve not less than 2.8% of revenue for taxes to be included within the 10% EBITDA currently planned.

(ii) Subsidiary may invest profits in property, plant and equipment

(iii) Subsidiary may provide cash bonuses and incentives to management and sales teams

(iv) SNBH CFO will have full access to any Subsidiary bank account, though only management of the Subsidiary
will be signers on its bank accounts.

4. Restrictions
Related to Acquisition Credits and Resulting SNBH Common Stock. These concepts are to apply to the insiders, affiliates, shareholders
of SNBH holding over 1 million shares and their respective immediate families (Legacy Shareholders), as well as principals
and any shareholders, who issued stock in conversion of their rights under the Acquisition Credit issuances (Subsidiary Shareholders).
Sellers are recipients of the credits by virtue of their assignment of rights through the earn-out schedule in 2.1 of this buyout agreement.

a. Legacy Shareholders
must execute a lock-up agreement (attached as Exhibit B). They may not sell any of their shares until three (3) months after holders of
Acquisition Credits are first permitted to sell their shares. Waivers or modifications to this requirement are at the Companys
discretion.

If a Legacy Shareholder seeks permission
to sell shares before the release date or in amounts exceeding these caps, the Lock Up Signer may request a waiver from the Company. If
the Company grants such a waiver, then 50% of the number of shares subject to that waiver must be transferred to an Acquisition Credit
(AC) holder or holders in exchange for AC credits assigned by those AC holders to the Legacy Shareholder prior to the waiver
taking effect. Any Legacy Shareholder who receives AC credits as payment obtains the same conversion rights as the AC holders transferring
their rights.

c. Company and
any of the Acquisition Credit holders will enter into the lock-up agreement (Exhibit B), governing their rights to convert their Acquisition
Credits into common stock of SNBH and then sell that stock to a third party. Any transferee of Acquisition Credits from the Company will
be subject to the Lock-up agreement terms.

3

d. The measuring
algorithm for determining how many shares are available to the converter of Acquisition Credits on any given day would use the Volume
Weighted Average of the Closing prices for the preceding 30-day period.

e. Any holder of
Acquisition Credits can sell their position to a third party, subject only to any transfer restrictions imposed by the SEC, or possibly
the Company based upon lock-up positions or contracts already signed.

5. Termination
of Agreements. Provided that neither the Company nor its assigns have sold any SNBH common stock, either the Company or SNBH
may terminate this Agreement and cease operations of Subsidiary during the first 12 months of the Sales and Distribution Agreement by
providing 90 days prior written notice of the Partys intent to terminate.

6. Transfer
of Intellectual Property and Assets. Upon the earlier of:

a. The 12-month
anniversary of the Exclusive Distribution Agreement, it not having been terminated earlier; or

b. The sale of
any of the SNBH common stock by the Company or its assignees.

then all rights, titles, and interests to the intellectual
property, including patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, and all other assets related to the Products are to be transferred to the
Subsidiary, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances. Notwithstanding such transfer, the Company will continue to earn SNBH Acquisition
Credits for a period of up to 5 years from the effective date of the Exclusive Distribution Agreement.

7. Confidentiality.
The Parties acknowledge that in the course of executing and performing their obligations under this Agreement, they will have access to
and become acquainted with various confidential information, including but not limited to technical, commercial, financial, operational,
marketing, and personnel information, that is owned by the respective Parties and that has not been made public (Confidential Information).
Each Party agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the disclosing
Party, except as may be necessary for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or as required by law. Furthermore, each
Party agrees to take all reasonable precautions to protect the confidentiality of such information and to prevent it from falling into
the public domain or the possession of unauthorized persons. This obligation of confidentiality will survive the termination of this Agreement
and will continue for a period of five (5) years thereafter.

8. Governing
Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without giving
effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby will be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts
of the State of Nevada in each case located in the city of Las Vegas and County of Clark, and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding.

9. Amendment.
Any modifications or amendments to this Agreement will be made in writing and signed by all Parties to be effective.

10. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile, email
in PDF format, or any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document will have
the same effect as delivery of an executed original of this Agreement.

11. Notices.
All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder (each, a Notice)
must be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth on the signature page hereof (or to such other address that
may be designated by the receiving party from time to time in accordance with this section). All Notices must be delivered by one (1)
or more of the following means: (a) by personal delivery; (b) by nationally recognized overnight courier service; (c) by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (d) by email, with confirmation of transmission. Except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement, a Notice is effective only (i) upon receipt by the receiving party and (ii) if the party giving the Notice has complied
with the requirements of this section.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed
this Memorandum of Understanding as of the date first above written.

AIG F&B, INC.

a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Vitaly Artemenko 

Name: Vitaly Artemenko 

Title: CEO 

Date: March 28, 2025 

Address: 3363 NE 163 Str., Suite 611, North Miami
Beach, FL 33160

American Industrial Group, INC.

a Florida corporation

By: /s/ Sergey Knazev 

Name: Sergey Knazev 

Title: Managing Partner 

Date: March 28, 2025 

Address: 3363 NE 163 Str., Suite 611, North Miami
Beach, FL 33160

SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS, INC.

a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ George Furlan 

Name: George Furlan 

Title: CEO 

Date: March 28, 2025 

Address: 340 Madison Avenue, 19th Floor, New York,
New York 10173

5

Exhibit A

Sales and Distribution Agreement

SALES AND DISTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT

This Sales and Distribution Agreement (Agreement)
is made and entered into as of [Effective Date], by and between:

1. AIG F&B, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Subsidiary), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc.; and

2. American Industrial Group, Inc., a Florida corporation (Company).

The Subsidiary and the Company may be referred to
individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

1. APPOINTMENT AND
SCOPE

1.1. Exclusive Appointment

The Company hereby appoints the Subsidiary as the
exclusive manufacturer and distributor of its products (the Products) under the terms and conditions outlined herein.

1.2. Territory

The exclusive distribution shall apply to worldwide
territory.

1.3. Products Covered

The Products include select food and beverage products,
as may be further defined and amended by mutual agreement.

2. MANUFACTURING
AND DISTRIBUTION

2.1. Order and Payment
Process

a) The Company shall submit purchase orders to the Subsidiary for the Products.

b) Subsidiary shall provide an invoice covering manufacturing costs, shipping, and a minimum 10% EBITDA margin.

c) Subsidiary shall determine payment, delivery, and commercial terms for each customer, following industry best practices.

d) Subsidiary may sell Products to third parties, provided that such sales do not conflict with the Companys established customers.

2.2. Manufacturing
Standards

The Subsidiary shall manufacture the Products in accordance
with:

Companys quality standards

Applicable regulatory requirements

Best industry practices

6

2.3. Funding of
Subsidiary

The Subsidiary may secure funding through:

AIG or Company credit lines, if applicable

Other financial resources, with such funding to be structured under the Earnout Schedule

3. MANAGEMENT AND
OPERATIONS

3.1. Subsidiary
Management

The Subsidiary will be managed by personnel selected
and trained by the Company under a separate Management Agreement (Exhibit C).

3.2. Financial Reporting

The Subsidiary shall:

Use QuickBooks Online with a GAAP-compliant chart of accounts

Maintain financial records suitable for PCAOB audit standards

Provide full access to financial data for SNBHs CFO

3.3. Cash Flow Management

The Subsidiary shall:

Maintain a minimum 10% EBITDA margin

Reserve at least 2.8% of revenue for taxes

Have SNBHs CFO access to bank accounts, but only Subsidiary management shall be signers

4. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY & ASSET TRANSFER

4.1. IP Transfer
Conditions

Upon the earlier of:

a) 12 months from the execution of this Agreement, or

b) The Company or its assignees sells any SNBH common stock,

then the Company shall transfer all intellectual property, trademarks, patents, and related assets to the Subsidiary, free of encumbrances.

5. TERM & TERMINATION

5.1. Term

This Agreement remains in effect for five (5) years
from the Effective Date unless terminated earlier as per Section 5.2.

7

5.2. Termination
Rights

Either Party may terminate this Agreement:

Within 12 months, provided the Company has not sold any SNBH stock, by giving 90 days written notice.

Due to material breach, if the breaching party fails to cure the breach within 30 days after written notice.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY

Each Party agrees to maintain strict confidentiality
regarding financial, operational, marketing, and proprietary information, with obligations surviving for five (5) years post-termination.

7. GOVERNING LAW
& DISPUTE RESOLUTION

7.1. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Nevada.

7.2. Dispute Resolution

All disputes shall be resolved exclusively in the
courts of Clark County, Nevada.

8. MISCELLANEOUS

8.1. Amendments

Modifications to this Agreement must be in writing
and signed by both Parties.

8.2. Assignment

Neither Party may assign this Agreement without prior
written consent of the other Party.

8.3. Notices

All notices must be in writing and delivered via:

Personal delivery

Certified mail

Overnight courier

Email with confirmation

8

SIGNATURES

AIG F&B, INC. (Nevada) 

By: 

Name: Vitaly Artemenko 

Title: CEO 

Date: April 2nd, 2025 

American Industrial Group, INC. (Florida) 

By: 

Name: Sergey Knazev 

Title: Managing Partner 

Date: April 2nd, 2025 

9

Exhibit B

LOCK-UP LEAK-OUT AGREEMENT

THIS LOCK-UP LEAK-OUT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 31, 2025, by and among SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC., a Nevada corporation
(the Company) and ______________ (the Holder), including the Holders successors and permitted assigns.

WHEREAS, the Holder owns __________________ ([ ])
shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares);

WHEREAS, the Company and Holder have agreed to enter
into this Agreement pursuant to which Holder shall not offer, sell, pledge, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of the Shares until
the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Effective Date (commencing 3 months after Acquisition Credit holders can first sell their
shares), subject to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, there parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Lock-up / Leak-out.

(a) The Holder agrees that they shall not transfer, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant any options
for the sale of, assign or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, for twelve (12) months from the Effective Date (as defined
above), the Shares (the Lockup Shares) held by such Holder, subject to Section 1(b) below. If requested by an underwriter
of Common Stock, each Holder will reaffirm the agreement set forth in this Section 1(a) in a separate writing in a form satisfactory to
such underwriter. The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Lockup Shares.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder seeks permission to sell shares before the Effective Date or
in amounts exceeding limits stipulated in this Agreement, the Holder may request a waiver from the Board of Directors. If the Board of
Directors grants such a waiver, then before the waiver takes effect, 50% of the shares subject to that waiver must be transferred to one
or more Acquisition Credit (AC) holders in exchange for AC amounts equal to the dollar amount of stock being sold by the
Holder from those AC holders receiving the shares. Any Holder who receives AC credits as payment obtains the same conversion rights as
the other AC holders.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions set forth in Section 1(a) above shall not apply to (A)
the sale by the Holder of up to 2% of the Lockup and not more than 10% of daily stock liquidity, whichever is lower, commencing 3 months
after Acquisition Credit holders can first sell their shares (the Effective Date), which is estimated to be approximately
9 months after the first closing, (B) transfers (i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, provided that the donee or donees thereof agree to be
bound in writing by the restrictions set forth herein, or (ii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the
immediate family of the undersigned, provided that the trustee of the trust agrees to be bound in writing by the restrictions set forth
herein, and provided further that any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, or (C) with the prior written consent of
the Board of Directors of the Company. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship
by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin. The 2% restriction is increased pursuant to the following schedule:

10th month 2%

11th month 2%

12th month 5%

13th month 5%

14th month 5%

15th month 8%

16th month 8%

17th month 8%

18th month 11%

19th month 11%

20th month 15%

21st month 20% 

The aggregate total of
all monthly restrictions equals 100% after end of the final month.

10

2. Restrictive Legend. All certificates representing
the Lockup Shares owned by the Holder and any certificates issued with respect thereto or in substitution, therefore, shall bear a legend
substantially as follows, in addition to any legend the Company determines is required pursuant to any applicable legal requirement, including
the standard legend required under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended:

The shares represented by this
certificate may not be offered, sold, pledged, transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of except in accordance with the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and that certain Lock-Up Agreement dated as of March __, 2025, a copy of which agreement the
Company will furnish, without charge, to the holder of this certificate upon written request therefor.

The Company, at its discretion, may cause a stop transfer
order to be placed with its transfer agent(s) with respect to the certificates representing the Lockup Shares.

3. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this
Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures
from the provisions hereof may not be given without the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(b) Notices. All notices and other communications
provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand delivery, registered first-class mail, telex, telecopier, or any
courier guaranteeing overnight delivery to the addresses of the Holder and the Company. All such notices and communications shall be deemed
to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand if personally delivered; five business days after being deposited in the mail,
postage prepaid, if mailed; when answered back, if telexed; when receipt is acknowledged if telecopied; or at the time delivered if delivered
by an air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery.

(c) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns as permitted hereunder of each of the parties.

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement.

(e) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for
the convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

(f) Governing Law. This agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

(g) Specific Performance. The parties hereto acknowledge
that there would be no adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder and accordingly agree that
each party, in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or in equity, shall be entitled to compel specific performance
of the obligations of any other party under this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any court
of the United States or any State thereof having jurisdiction.

(h) Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by
the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding
of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings
between the parties with respect to such subject matter.

(i) Additional Actions and Documents. The
parties hereto shall take or cause to be taken such further actions, shall execute, deliver and file, or cause to be executed,
delivered or filed, such further documents and instruments, and shall obtain such consents as may be necessary or as the other party
may reasonably request, without the payment of further consideration, in order fully to effectuate the purposes, terms, and
conditions of this Agreement.

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: HOLDER:

Sentient Brands Holdings Inc. 

By: 

Name: George Furlan [ ]

Title: CEO 

12

Exhibit C 

Management Agreement

MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

This Management Agreement (Agreement)
is made and entered into as of [Effective Date], by and between:

1. Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc. (SNBH), a Nevada corporation;

2. American Industrial Group, Inc., a Florida corporation (Company); and

3. AIG F&B, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Subsidiary), a wholly owned subsidiary of SNBH.

Each of the above may be referred to as a Party,
and collectively as the Parties.

1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE

1.1. Appointment
of Subsidiary Management

The Company shall provide management personnel for
the Subsidiary to oversee the manufacturing, sales, and distribution operations of its products.

1.2. Duties of the
Management Team

The management team shall:

Supervise the manufacturing and distribution of products.

Maintain financial and operational compliance with GAAP and PCAOB standards.

Ensure the Subsidiary operates with a minimum 10% EBITDA margin.

Oversee sales, order processing, and logistics for customers.

Provide quarterly performance reports to SNBH.

2. MANAGEMENT TEAM
REQUIREMENTS

2.1. Recruitment
and Training

The Company shall recruitit and train qualified managers for the Subsidiary.

The Company is responsible for ensuring that management personnel have expertise in consumer goods manufacturing, distribution, and
finance.

2.2. Reporting Structure

The Subsidiarys management team shall report to SNBHs executive leadership.

The Companys designated managers shall provide monthly financial and operational updates to SNBH.

13

2.3. Management
Compensation

Compensation for the management team shall be paid by the Subsidiary and structured as follows:

&cir; Base Salary: As per the agreed compensation schedule.

&cir; Performance Bonuses: Based on achieving revenue growth, cost efficiency, and profitability targets.

&cir; Stock Options or Incentives: SNBH may grant stock-based compensation under its Acquisition Credit framework.

3. FINANCIAL AND
OPERATIONAL CONTROLS

3.1. Accounting
and Compliance

The Subsidiary shall:

Use QuickBooks Online for financial records, following GAAP and PCAOB standards.

Provide real-time access to SNBHs CFO for financial oversight.

Maintain auditable records for regulatory compliance.

3.2. Cash Flow and
Reserves

The Subsidiary shall:

Maintain a minimum 10% EBITDA margin.

Reserve 2.8% of revenue for tax obligations.

Allocate funds for capital expenditures and operational investments.

3.3. Bank Account
and Financial Oversight

The Subsidiarys bank account shall remain under its control, with SNBHs CFO having view-only access.

The management team shall be the authorized signers for operational transactions.

4. PERFORMANCE STANDARDS
AND OBLIGATIONS

4.1. Key Performance
Indicators (KPIs)

The Subsidiarys management shall meet the following
KPIs:

Revenue Growth: Achieve a minimum annual growth rate as determined by SNBH.

Operational Efficiency: Maintain a cost structure that ensures profitability.

Product Distribution Expansion: Grow the customer base and geographic market share.

14

4.2. Performance
Reviews

SNBH shall conduct quarterly performance reviews.

If the Subsidiarys management team fails to meet KPIs for two consecutive quarters, SNBH reserves the right to replace management
personnel for cause.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1. Term

This Agreement shall remain in effect for five (5)
years from the Effective Date unless terminated earlier as per Section 5.2.

5.2. Termination

This Agreement may be terminated under the following conditions:

a) Mutual Agreement: Either Party may terminate this Agreement by written consent.

b) Breach of Agreement: If either Party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure the breach within 30 days after written notice.

c) Non-Performance: If the Subsidiarys management team fails to meet performance obligations for two consecutive quarters, SNBH
may terminate for cause.

5.3. No Termination
Without Cause

SNBH may not terminate the Subsidiarys management team without cause.

If SNBH terminates management without cause, it shall:

1. Pay American Industrial Group, Inc. (Florida) a termination fee equal to five (5) times the most recent 12 months of revenue generated
by the Subsidiary.

2. Engage AIG F&B, Inc. (Florida) for the recruitment and training of the new management team, with reasonable compensation to be
agreed upon.

5.4. Effect of Termination

Upon termination:

The Company shall transition management duties to a new team appointed by SNBH.

The Subsidiarys financial records shall be audited and transferred to SNBH.

Any remaining compensation obligations shall be settled within 60 days.

6. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS

The Subsidiary shall own all IP rights related to product manufacturing and distribution.

The Company retains no rights to trademarks, patents, or proprietary processes after 12 months or upon the first sale of SNBH stock
by the Company.

15

7. CONFIDENTIALITY
AND NON-COMPETE

7.1. Confidentiality

Each Party agrees to maintain strict confidentiality
regarding:

Financial, operational, and proprietary information.

Trade secrets, supplier contracts, and customer lists.

This obligation shall survive for five (5) years post-termination.

8. GOVERNING LAW
AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

8.1. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Nevada.

8.2. Dispute Resolution

All disputes shall be resolved exclusively in the courts of Clark County, Nevada.

Mediation is required before initiating litigation.

9. GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1. Amendments

Modifications must be in writing and signed by all
Parties.

9.2. Assignment

No Party may assign this Agreement without prior written
consent.

9.3. Notices

All notices must be in writing and sent via:

Personal delivery

Certified mail

Overnight courier

Email with confirmation

16

10. SIGNATURES

SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: George Furlan 

Title: CEO 

Date: April 2nd, 2025 

AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL GROUP, INC. (Florida) 

By: 

Name: Sergey Knazev 

Title: Managing Partner 

Date: April 2nd, 2025 

AIG F&B, INC. (Nevada) 

By: 

Name: Vitaly Artemenko 

Title: CEO 

Date: April 2nd, 2025 

17

Exhibit D

Acquisition Credit and Conversion Form

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED ABSENT
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT, OR UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

CONVERTIBLE ACQUISITION CREDIT
DUE DATE1, 20XX

THIS ACQUISITION CREDIT is one of a duly authorized
series of issuances of Acquisition Credits (or Credits) of Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc. (a Nevada corporation and the
Company in this document), designated as its Convertible Acquisition Credit Due DATE1, 20XX, in an aggregate principal amount
not exceeding $$$$.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to
issue to Holder or Holders assignees (the Holder), common stock in the aggregate amount of $$$$ ($xxx,xxx), on DATE1,
20XX (the Maturity Date), or any date thereafter, via conversion of the Acquisition Credit into those shares according to
the formula set forth below. These conversion shares may be issued to an assignee or transferee, provided, however, that the Companys
obligation to a transferee of this Acquisition Credit arises only if such transfer, sale or other disposition is made in accordance with
the terms and conditions of the Regulation 506 Securities Subscription Agreement executed by the original Holder.

This Acquisition Credit is subject to the following
additional provisions:

1. The Acquisition Credits are issuable in any amount.

2. This Acquisition Credit has been issued subject to investment representations of the original recipient
and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). Prior to due
presentment for or transfer of this Acquisition Credit, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Acquisition Credit is duly registered on the Companys Acquisition Credit Register as the owner for the purpose of receiving conversion
rights as provided below and for all other purposes, whether or not this Acquisition Credit be overdue, and neither the Company nor any
such agent will be affected by notice to the contrary.

4. The Holder of this Acquisition Credit is entitled, at its option, at any time more than six months after
the issuance date, which will be the Maturity Date, to convert any or all of the principal amounts of these Acquisition Credits or any
portion of the principal amount into shares of Common Stock of the Company (Shares) with the number of shares issuable upon
such conversion being equal to the dollar amount converted at a price per share, established as follows for each date of requested conversion:

4.1 The
conversion price will be determined by the volume-weighted average of the closing price of the Companys common stock for the
30-day period preceding the requested conversion date.

4.2 The
number of shares issuable might be further restricted subject to the Lockup Leak Out Agreement executed by the holder.

The conversion will be effectuated by surrendering
the Acquisition Credits to be converted to the Company, with the form of conversion notice attached to the Acquisition Credit as Exhibit
A, executed by the Holder of the Acquisition Credit evidencing such Holders intention to convert this Acquisition Credit, and accompanied,
if required by the Company, by proper assignment hereof in blank. No fraction of Shares or script representing fractions of Shares will
be issued on conversion, but the number of Shares issuable will be rounded to the nearest whole Share. The date on which notice of conversion
is given will be deemed to be the date on which the Holder has delivered this Acquisition Credit, with the conversion notice duly executed,
to the Company, or if earlier, the date set forth in such notice of conversion if the Acquisition Credit is received by the Company within
five business days thereafter.

18

5. No provision of this Acquisition Credit will alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute
and unconditional, subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 4 above, to allow conversion of this Acquisition Credit at the time,
place, and rate, and in the shares of common stock as herein prescribed. Because of the volumetric restrictions of Section 4, the conversion
of this Credit may require several months or more. This Acquisition Credit and all other Acquisition Credits now or hereafter issued on
similar terms are direct obligations of the Company. This Acquisition Credit ranks equally with all other Acquisition Credits now or hereafter
issued under the terms set forth herein with respect to this Acquisition Credit.

6. If one or more of the following described Events of Default will occur:

(a) The Company will default in the rights of conversion described in this agreement with respect to balances
due on this Acquisition Credit; or

(b) The Company will (1) become insolvent; (2) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature;
(3) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (4) apply for or consent to the appointment
of a trustee, liquidator or receiver for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or

(c) A trustee, liquidator or receiver will be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property
or business without its consent and will not be discharged within thirty (30) days after such appointment; or

(d) Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency
will assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and will not be dismissed
within thirty (30) days thereafter, or

(e) Any money judgment, writ or warrant of attachment, or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($200,000) in aggregate will be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and will remain
unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of fifteen (15) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed
sale thereunder; or

(f) Bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under
any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors will be instituted by or against the Company and, if instituted against the Company,
will not be dismissed within thirty (30) days after such institution or the Company will by any action or answer approve of, consent,
or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit the material allegations of, or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding;
or

(g) The Company will have its Common Stock delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market without being
relisted on a public exchange shortly thereafter.

Then, or at any time thereafter, and in each
and every such case, unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to
be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion, the Holder may consider
this Acquisition Credit immediately due and payable, in cash as opposed to conversion into shares of common stock, without presentment,
demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

19

7. For so long as any amount payable under this Acquisition Credit remains unpaid, the Company will furnish
to the Holder or publish with the EDGAR system the following information:

(a) Beginning January 1, 2026, a business plan and budget for the Company for such year or an equivalent statement
described within the Companys Annual Reports of Form 10K.

(b) No later than one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each fiscal year, beginning with the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, consolidated balance sheets, statements of income and statements of cash flow and shareholders
equity of the Company and its subsidiaries, if any, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
and audited by a firm of independent public accountants.

(c) Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each quarter (except the fourth quarter) of each fiscal year,
consolidated balance sheets, statements of income and statements of cash flow and shareholders equity of the Company and its subsidiaries,
if any, including a summary discussion of major variances, if any, between such quarterly statement and the budget.

So long as the company is a publicly reporting,
listed entity, timely filing of the requisite reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission will satisfy the information requirements
of Section 7.

8. The Company covenants and agrees that until all amounts due under this Acquisition Credit have been paid
in full, by conversion or otherwise, and for so long as Holder holds shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of this Acquisition
Credit unless the Holder waives compliance in writing, the Company will:

(a) Give prompt written notice to the Holder of any Event of Default as defined in this Acquisition Credit
or of any other matter which has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a materially adverse change in its financial
condition or operations.

(b) Give prompt notice to the Holder of any claim, action, or proceeding which, in the event of any unfavorable
outcome, would or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.

(c) At all times, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued stock, for the purpose of
effecting the conversion of this Acquisition Credit such number of its duly authorized shares of Common Stock as will from time to time
be sufficient to effect the conversion of the outstanding principal balance of this Acquisition Credit into shares of Common Stock.

(d) Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction,
or mutilation of this Acquisition Credit and:

(i) in the case of loss, theft, or destruction of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, or

(ii) in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Acquisition Credit, the Company, at
its expense, will execute and deliver a new Acquisition Credit dated the date of the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Acquisition
Credit.

20

9. The Holder of this Acquisition Credit, by acceptance hereof, agrees that this Acquisition Credit is being
acquired for investment and that such Holder will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Acquisition Credit or the Shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise thereof except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state
Blue Sky laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.

10. In case any provision of this Acquisition Credit is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive
in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable
to the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Acquisition Credit will not in
any way be affected or impaired thereby.

11. This Acquisition Credit constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement between the Company
and the Holder with respect to the subject hereof. Neither this Acquisition Credit nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged
or terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the Company and the Holder.

14. This Acquisition Credit will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Nevada.

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: Issuance Date1, 20XX 

SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

George Furlan, CEO 

22

Exhibit A

CONVERSION FORM

(To be Executed by the Registered Holder to Exercise
the Rights to Purchase Common Stock Evidenced by the Acquisition Credit). I, the undersigned, hereby irrevocably subscribe for, shares
(the Stock) of the Common Stock of Sentient Brands Holdings, Inc. (or its successor public company) (the Company)
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the attached Acquisition Credit and hereby make payment of $ therefor,
and request that a certificate for such securities be issued in the name of the undersigned and be delivered to the undersigned at the
address stated below. If such number of securities is not all of the securities purchasable pursuant to the attached Acquisition Credit,
the undersigned requests that a new Acquisition Credit of like tenor for the balance of the remaining securities purchasable thereunder
be delivered to the undersigned at the address stated below. In connection with the issuance of the securities, I hereby represent to
the Company that I am acquiring the securities for my own account for investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with,
a distribution of the securities within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). I also understand
that the Company has not registered the Stock under the Act in reliance upon the private offering exemptions contained in Section 4(2)
of the Act and that such reliance is based in part upon my representations

Date:

Signed:

Address:

THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS SUBSCRIPTION FORM MUST
CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE ACQUISITION CREDIT IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT, OR
ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER, AND SUCH SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PRACTICES PREVAILING IN THE SECURITIES INDUSTRY
AT THE TIME SUCH SIGNATURE IF PRESENTED TO THE COMPANY.

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>snbh-20240903.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>snbh-20240903_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snbh-20240903_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Sep. 03, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description Explanatory Note This Amendment No. 4 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A amends the Current Report on Form 8-K of Sentient Brands Holdings, INc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), most recently amended on March 6, 2025. The Company is filing this Form 8-K/A to disclose the further extension of the Closing Date and a modification of some of the terms.

Document Period End Date Sep. 03, 2024

Entity File Number 001-34861

Entity Registrant Name SENTIENT
BRANDS HOLDINGS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001358633

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3765910

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 590 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 21st Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 202-2897

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sentientbrands.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

e6473_8ka4.htm 
snbh-20240903.xsd 
snbh-20240903_lab.xml 
snbh-20240903_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001731122-25-000490-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>e6473_8ka4_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001358633 

2024-09-03 
2024-09-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
Explanatory Note This Amendment No. 4 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A amends the Current Report on Form 8-K of Sentient Brands Holdings, INc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), most recently amended on March 6, 2025. The Company is filing this Form 8-K/A to disclose the further extension of the Closing Date and a modification of some of the terms. 
0001358633 
8-K/A 
2024-09-03 
SENTIENT BRANDS HOLDINGS INC. 
NV 
001-34861 
86-3765910 
590 Madison Avenue 
21st Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
646 
202-2897 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>