<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-001488.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-001488.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103160553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-001488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Bankruptcy or Receivership
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gritstone bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001656634
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38663
		FILM NUMBER:		25505999

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5959 HORTON STREET, SUITE 300
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 871-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5959 HORTON STREET, SUITE 300
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gritstone Oncology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151023
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d905705d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NONEfalse000165663400016566342024-12-302024-12-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 30, 2024

Gritstone bio, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38663 47-4859534

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5959 Horton Street, Suite 300 

Emeryville, California 94608

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 510871-6100

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share GRTSQ N/A*

* 

On October 22, 2024, the registrants common stock was suspended from trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. On October 22, 2024, the registrants common stock began trading on the OTC Pink Marketplace maintained by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol GRTSQ.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth below in Item 2.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 1.03 Bankruptcy or Receivership.

The information set forth below in Item 2.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.03.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As previously disclosed, on October 10, 2024, Gritstone bio, Inc. (the Company), filed a voluntary petition under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court), thereby commencing a chapter 11 case for the Company (the Chapter 11 Case).

On December 23, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order authorizing the Asset Sale (as defined below) pursuant to the terms of the APA (as defined below).

In connection with the Chapter 11 Case, on December 30, 2024, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA) with Seattle Project Corp. (the Bidder) as the successful bidder for substantially all of the Companys assets (except for machinery and equipment assets, certain intellectual property assets generally known as Binder IP, and certain other specifically identified excluded assets) (the Company Assets, and such sale, the Asset Sale) for $21,250,000 in cash at the closing of the Asset Sale.

On December 30, 2024, the Company and the Bidders closed the Asset Sale contemplated by the APA, thereby completing the disposition of the Company Assets.

The Company does not anticipate filing financial statements or pro forma financial statements for the sale pursuant to the APA, due to the fact that the Company lacks the personnel required to do so.

The foregoing description of the APA in this Current Report on Form 8-K does not purport to be complete and is subject and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the APA, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors and Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective December 31, 2024 and following the closing of the Asset Sale, the following individuals resigned as officers of the Company, and their employment was terminated without cause: (i) Andrew Allen, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer; (ii) Matthew Hawryluk, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer; (iii) Erin E. Jones, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and (iv) Karin Jooss, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development.

Also effective December 31, 2024 and following the closing of the Asset Sale, Vassiliki Celia Economides became interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company as well as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. There is no change in Ms. Economides compensation as a result of her change in role.

Cautionary Statements Regarding Trading in the Companys Securities 

The Companys securityholders are cautioned that trading in the Companys Common Stock during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Case is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for the Companys Common Stock may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders thereof in the Companys Chapter 11 Case. Accordingly, the Company urges extreme caution with respect to existing and future investments in its Common Stock.

Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the process and potential outcomes of the Companys Chapter 11 Case. These statements are based on managements current expectations, and actual results

and future events may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks inherent in the bankruptcy process, including the outcome of the Chapter 11 Case; and the effect of the Chapter 11 Case on the Companys business prospects, financial results and business operations. These and other factors that may affect the Companys future business prospects, results and operations are identified and described in more detail in the Companys filings with the SEC, including the Companys most recent Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and its subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in its forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 8-K. Except as required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results, later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, by and between Gritstone bio, Inc. and Seattle Project Corp., dated December 30, 2024. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Gritstone bio, Inc.

Date: January 3, 2025 By: 

/s/ Vassiliki Celia Economides

Vassiliki Celia Economides

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d905705dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

by and between 

SEATTLE
PROJECT CORP., as Purchaser, 

and 

GRITSTONE BIO, INC., as Seller 

Dated as of December 30, 2024 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 DEFINED TERMS 1 

1.1 

Defined Terms 1 

1.2 

Other Definitional and Interpretive Matters 10 

ARTICLE 2 THE PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING 13 

2.1 

Purchase and Sale 13 

2.2 

Excluded Assets 14 

2.3 

Assumption of Liabilities 16 

2.4 

Excluded Liabilities 16 

2.5 

Excluded Contracts 17 

2.6 

Non-Transferred Asset 17 

2.7 

Closing 18 

2.8 

Closing Deliveries of the Parties 18 

2.9 

Purchase Price; Assumed Liabilities; Deposits 19 

2.10 

Transfer Taxes 19 

2.11 

Allocation of Purchase Price 19 

ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER 20 

3.1 

Organization, Good Standing and Other Matters 20 

3.2 

Authority and Enforceability 20 

3.3 

No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents 20 

3.4 

Litigation 21 

3.5 

Assets 21 

3.6 

Brokers and Finders 21 

3.7 

No Other Representations or Warranties 21 

ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 22 

4.1 

Organization, Good Standing and Other Matters 22 

4.2 

Authority and Enforceability 22 

4.3 

No Conflict: Required Filings and Consents 22 

4.4 

Financing 23 

4.5 

Solvency 23 

4.6 

Litigation 23 

i 

4.7 

Brokers and Finders 23 

4.8 

Investigation and Agreement by Purchaser;
Non-Reliance of Purchaser; No Other Representations and Warranties 23 

4.9 

No Other Representations or Warranties 24 

ARTICLE 5 BANKRUPTCY COURT MATTERS 24 

5.1 

Competing Transaction 24 

5.2 

Bankruptcy Court Filings 25 

5.3 

Assumption of Assigned Contracts 25 

ARTICLE 6 PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS 26 

6.1 

Conduct of Business 26 

6.2 

Access to Information; Confidentiality 27 

6.3 

Efforts to Consummate 28 

6.4 

Regulatory Matters and Approvals 29 

6.5 

Public Announcements/Non-Disclosure 29 

6.6 

Update of Schedules; Knowledge of Breach 29 

ARTICLE 7 POST-CLOSING COVENANTS 30 

7.1 

[Intentionally omitted.] 30 

7.2 

Post-Closing Receipt and Possession of Assets 30 

7.3 

Tax Matters 30 

7.4 

Confidentiality 30 

ARTICLE 8 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 31 

8.1 

Conditions to Each Partys Obligation 31 

8.2 

Conditions to Obligation of Purchaser 31 

8.3 

Conditions to Obligations of the Seller 31 

8.4 

Waiver of Condition; Frustration of Conditions 32 

8.5 

Delivery of a Notice of Readiness to Close 32 

ARTICLE 9 TERMINATION 32 

9.1 

Events of Termination 32 

9.2 

Effect of Termination 33 

9.3 

[Intentionally omitted.] 34 

ARTICLE 10 GENERAL PROVISIONS 34 

10.1 

Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants 34 

ii 

10.2 

Entire Agreement 34 

10.3 

Amendment; No Waiver 35 

10.4 

Severability; Specific Versus General Provisions 35 

10.5 

Expenses and Obligations 36 

10.6 

Notices 36 

10.7 

Counterparts 37 

10.8 

Governing Law 37 

10.9 

Submission to Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 37 

10.10 

Waiver of Jury Trial 38 

10.11 

Rights Cumulative 38 

10.12 

Assignment 38 

10.13 

Specific Enforcement; Remedies 38 

10.14 

Third-Party Beneficiaries 39 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement

Exhibit B Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Contracts)

Exhibit C Sale Order

iii 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of December 30, 2024 (the Agreement
Date) is entered into by and between Seattle Project Corp. (Purchaser) and Gritstone bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (theSeller). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
on October 10, 2024 (the Petition Date), the Seller filed a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court), thereby commencing a chapter 11 case (the Bankruptcy Case); 

WHEREAS, the Seller is a debtor-in-possession under the
Bankruptcy Code and manages its properties and assets pursuant to Sections 1107(a) and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

WHEREAS, the
Seller is engaged in the Business and owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Transferred Assets; 

WHEREAS, the Seller desires to
sell (or cause to be sold) to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from the Seller, all of the Transferred Assets Free and Clear, and the Seller desires Purchaser to assume, and Purchaser desires to assume from the Seller, all of the Assumed
Liabilities, in each case upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, pursuant to a Sale Order and Sections 105(a), 363 and 365 of the Bankruptcy Code and Rules 6004 and 6006 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure; 

WHEREAS, the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court and will only be consummated
pursuant, among other things, to the Sale Order to be entered in the Bankruptcy Case; and 

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement, Purchaser shall deposit (or cause to be deposited) an aggregate amount equal to the Deposit Escrow Amount into the trust account of Sellers bankruptcy counsel, Pachulski Stang Ziehl and Jones LLP (the Deposit
Trust Account). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual representations, warranties,
covenants, agreements and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINED TERMS

1.1 Defined Terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings in this Agreement: 

Action means any action, proceeding, arbitration or litigation
(whether civil, criminal or administrative) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 

Affiliate of any particular Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled by, or
under common control with, such particular Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control with) means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Agreement Date has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Allocation Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(a). 

Alternate Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(b). 

Applicable Law means, with respect to any Person, any federal, provincial, state, local law, ordinance, principle of
common law, code, regulation or statute applicable to such Person or such Persons subsidiaries or to any of their respective securities, assets, properties or businesses. 

Asset Tax Return means a Tax Return relating to an obligation to pay Taxes that are determined based upon the
ownership or operation of the Transferred Assets (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any Tax Returns relating to Transfer Taxes). 

Assigned Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(c). 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement means the assignment and assumption agreement regarding certain Designated
Contracts, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Seller and Purchaser, in form and substance acceptable to Purchaser and the Seller and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 

Assumed Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. 

Assumption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a). 

Auction has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(b). 

Avoidance Actions means any and all avoidance, recovery, subordination, or other claims, actions, rights, or
remedies that may be brought by or on behalf of the Seller or its estate or other authorized parties in interest under the Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law, including, but not limited to,
actions or remedies under sections 510, 542, 543, 544, 545, and 547 through and including 553 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Bankruptcy Case has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

2 

Bankruptcy Code has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Bankruptcy Court has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Bid Procedures means those certain bidding procedures for the Sale of the Sellers assets approved by the
Bankruptcy Court. 

Bid Procedures Order means the Order of the Bankruptcy Court entered at Docket No. 181
in the Bankruptcy Case, approving the Bid Procedures. 

Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement
means the bill of sale and assignment and assumption agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Seller and Purchaser, in form and substance acceptable to Purchaser and the Seller and substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A. 

Binder IP means the Intellectual Property described in Item (2) of Schedule 2.2(l). 

Business means the business of the Seller as currently conducted in respect of the Transferred Assets. 

Business Intellectual Property means all Owned Intellectual Property (other than the Binder IP) together with all
Intellectual Property in-licensed by the Seller. 

Business Day means any
day other than (a) a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday or (b) a day on which commercial banks in San Francisco, California are authorized or required to be closed. 

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7. 

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7. 

CNS means that certain Confidential Covenant Not to Sue among Seller, Purchaser, and Future Solution
Investments LLC, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the parties thereto. 

Competing Bid has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.1. 

Confidentiality Agreement means that certain
Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2024 by and between the Seller and Purchaser. 

Consent
means any consent, approval, authorization, waiver or license. 

Contract means any written agreement, mortgage,
indenture, lease (whether for real or personal property), license agreement, contract or subcontract. 

Cure
Costs means any and all costs, expenses or actions that Purchaser is required to pay or perform to assume any of the Assigned Contracts pursuant to section 365(b)(1)(A) and (B) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

3 

Deposit Escrow Amount means TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE
THOUSAND AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($2,125,000.00). 

Deposit Trust Account has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Designated Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(b). 

Designated Intellectual Property means all Business Intellectual Property that is utilized by Seller in the use,
manufacture or sale of any of the Transferred Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, Designated Intellectual Property includes, without limitation, the Designated Patents, the Software, the Designated Licenses and any other licenses taken
by Gritstone to any third party Intellectual Property relating to methods of neoantigen prediction or design, and further including all related know-how and information, including without limitation scientific
and business records, patent assignment agreements, executable software, code, lab notebooks and experimental data. 

Designated Licenses means all intellectual property licenses included within the Designated Contracts. For
avoidance of doubt, the Designated Licenses shall include without limitation: (a) that certain License Agreement between Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and Gritstone dated January 11, 2016 and (b) that certain License
Agreement between Arbutus Biopharma Corporation and the Seller dated October 16, 2017. 

Designated
Patents means all of the following: (a) all patents and patent applications (both pending and expired) listed in Schedule 2.1(e) (it being understood that Purchaser may update Schedule 2.1(e) from time to time prior to the
Closing so that it sets forth additional patents and patent applications that are Transferred Assets (and not Excluded Assets), but are not listed as of the Agreement Date); (b) all patents and patent applications (both pending and expired) claiming
priority to the patents and pending application(s) identified in category (a); (c) all patents and patent applications (both pending and expired) that are a divisional, continuation,
continuation-in-part, reissue, renewal, reexamination, substitution or extension of any patent or patent application identified in categories (a) and (b); (d) any
patents issuing on any patent application identified in categories (a), (b) and (c), including any reissues, renewals, reexaminations, substitutions or extensions thereof; (e) all patents and pending applications (both pending and expired) to
which any of the patents and patent applications identified in categories (a), (b), (c) and (d) claim priority; (f) any foreign equivalents and counterparts (including PCTs and national phase filings) of any patent or patent application
identified in categories (a) through (e); and (g) any supplementary protection certificates, pediatric exclusivity periods, any other patent term extensions and exclusivity periods and the like of any patents and patent applications
identified in categories (a) through (f). 

Designation Deadline has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.3(b). 

Determined Cure Costs means, in the aggregate, all Cure Costs payable
in respect of the Designated Contracts as determined pursuant to the Sale Order or by separate order of the Bankruptcy Court. 

4 

Enforceability Exceptions means applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, receivership and similar Applicable Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general equitable principles. 

Excluded Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. 

Excluded Books and Records means the following originals and copies of those books and records, documents, data and
information (in whatever form maintained) of the Seller and the Business: (i) all corporate minute books (and other similar corporate records) and stock records of the Seller, (ii) any books and records relating to the Excluded Assets,
including, without limitation, all documents or Intellectual Property constituting books, records and information relating to the Binder IP, or (iii) any books, records or other materials that Seller (x) is required by Applicable Law to
retain (copies of which, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, will be made available to Purchaser upon Purchasers reasonable request), (y) reasonably believes is necessary to enable it to prepare and/or file Tax Returns (copies of which
will be made available to Purchaser upon Purchasers reasonable request) or (z) is prohibited by Applicable Law from delivering to Purchaser or include attorney client communications, work product or other privileged materials. 

Excluded Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5. 

Excluded Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4. 

FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

Final Order means an Order, judgment or other decree of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Governmental Authority of
competent jurisdiction that has not been reversed, vacated, modified or amended, is not stayed and remains in full force and effect; provided, that such Order shall be considered a Final Order only after the time period for third parties
seeking appeal has expired without the filing of any appeal or motion for reconsideration. 

Free and Clear means
free and clear of all Liens (other than the Permitted Liens and the Assumed Liabilities) to the maximum extent permitted by Section 363(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as of the Agreement Date. 

Governmental Authority means any domestic or foreign national, provincial, state, multi-state or municipal or other
local government, any subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, any court (including the Bankruptcy Court) or tribunal or any quasi-governmental or private body exercising any regulatory or taxing authority thereunder (including the IRS
and the FDA). 

Intellectual Property means any and all intellectual property and proprietary rights in any
jurisdiction throughout the world, including rights arising from the following: (i) patents and patent applications, design rights, industrial design registrations and applications therefor, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, substitutes, renewals, registrations, confirmations, reexaminations, extensions and any provisional applications, and any foreign or
international equivalent of any of the foregoing; (ii) trademarks (whether registered, unregistered 

5 

or applied for), service marks, trade dress, service names, trade names, brand names, product names, slogans, logos, business names, corporate names, and other source or business identifiers, all
registrations and applications for registration thereof, and, in each case, together with all of the goodwill associated therewith; (iii) works of authorship, copyrights and all registrations and applications for registration thereof;
(iv) trade secrets and know-how; (v) rights in formulae, methods, techniques, processes, assembly procedures, software, software code (in any form, including source code and executable or object
code), subroutines, test results, test vectors, user interfaces, protocols, schematics, specifications, drawings, prototypes, molds and models, and other forms of technology (whether or not embodied in any tangible form and including all tangible
embodiments of the foregoing), and (vi) social media accounts, social media identifiers, and internet domain name registrations. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Knowledge means (a) with regard to the Seller, the actual knowledge, without any implication of verification or
investigation concerning such knowledge, of the Sellers Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in each case as of the Agreement Date (or, with respect to a certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement, as of the date of
delivery of such certificate) and (b) with regard to Purchaser, the actual knowledge, without any implication of verification or investigation concerning such knowledge, of Purchasers General Counsel, Vice President for Business
Development, and Vice President-Chief IP Counsel, in each case as of the Agreement Date (or, with respect to a certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement, as of the date of delivery of such certificate). 

Liabilities shall mean debts, liabilities, duties, obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever, whether
direct or indirect, asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured or otherwise, whenever or however arising (including whether arising out of any Contract or in a tort claim based on
negligence or strict liability). 

Lien means all forms of lien (including mechanics, contractors or
other similar liens arising under or relating to the provision of goods or services on or to any Transferred Assets, and liens arising under the Bankruptcy Code), claim (as defined in Section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code), encumbrance, defect
or irregularity in title, pledge, mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, security interest, charge, lease, license agreement, transfer restriction or similar agreement or encumbrance, including any dedication under any gathering,
transportation, treating, processing, fractionating, purchase, sale or similar agreements, or any other rights granted or consensual as or against any Transferred Assets including but not limited to easements, encroachments, rights of first refusal,
options, or any other interest or right in property that constitutes a lien or interest within the definition or adjudication of such terms under Section 101(37) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, occurrence, fact, state of facts, development or effect that
(a) prevents, materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Related Documents or (b) has, or would be reasonably expected to have, a material adverse
effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Business (including the Transferred Assets and 

6 

Assumed Liabilities) taken as a whole; provided, however, that none of the following (the Exclusions) shall be deemed (either alone or in combination) to
constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been or may be, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) any change in, or effects arising from or relating to, general business or economic conditions
affecting any industry in which the Business operates;(b) any change in, or effects arising from or relating to, the United States or foreign economies, or securities, banking or financial
markets in general, or other general business, banking, financial or economic conditions (including (i) any disruption in any of the foregoing markets, (ii) debt defaults or other restructuring events of any country with respect to which
bondholders take a discount to the debt of any country or any increases in the interest rates for any countrys debt, (iii) any change in currency exchange rates, (iv) any decline or rise in the price of any security, commodity,
contract or index and (v) any increased cost, or decreased availability, of capital or pricing or terms related to any financing for the Transactions); (c) any change from, or effects arising from or relating to, the occurrence, escalation
or material worsening of any act of God or other calamity, natural disaster, pandemic or disease, outbreak, hostility, act of war, sabotage, cyber-attack or terrorism or military action; (d) any action taken by Purchaser or its Affiliates with
respect to the Transactions or with respect to the Business; (e) any action taken, or failed to be taken, by the Seller at the request of or with the consent of Purchaser or otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement or any change
from, or effects arising from or relating to, Purchasers failure to consent to any action restricted by Section 6.1; (f) any change in, or effects arising from or relating to changes in, Applicable Law or
accounting rules (including GAAP) or any interpretation thereof; (g) the failure, in and of itself, of the Business to meet any of its projections, forecasts, estimates, plans, predictions, performance metrics or operating statistics or the
inputs into such items (whether or not shared with Purchaser or its Affiliates or representatives), provided, however, that the underlying cause of any such failure shall not be an Exclusion pursuant to this clause (g) to the
extent such underlying cause is not otherwise an Exclusion; (h) national or international political, labor or social conditions; (i) any matter described in the Schedules or any matter of which Purchaser is aware as of the Agreement Date;
(j) the public announcement of, entry into or pendency of, actions required or contemplated by or performance of obligations under, this Agreement and the Transactions or the identity of the parties to this Agreement, including any termination
of, reduction in or similar adverse impact on relationships, contractual or otherwise, with any customers, suppliers, financing sources, licensors, licensees, distributors, partners, employees or others having relationships with the Business;
(k) the sale of any assets other than the Transferred Assets to any third parties by Seller or any of its Affiliates; (l) any effect arising or resulting from or related to the filing of the Bankruptcy Case; (m) any Order of the
Bankruptcy Court or any actions or omissions of Sellers in compliance therewith; (n) seasonal changes in the results of operations of the Seller; (o) any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak of disease or other public health emergency (including COVID-19) or any escalation or worsening of any such conditions; (p) (1) any results, outcomes, data, adverse events or side effects arising from any clinical trials being conducted by or on behalf of the
Seller or any competitor of the Seller (or the announcements thereof), (2) results of meetings with the FDA or other Governmental Entity (including any minutes of, or communications from, any Governmental Entity in connection with such meetings),
(3) the determination by, or the delay of a determination by, the FDA or any other applicable Governmental Authority, or any panel or advisory body empowered or appointed thereby, with respect to a clinical hold, acceptance, filing, designation
(including de-designation for the accelerated approval pathway), approval, clearance, non-acceptance, hold, refusal to file, refusal

7 

to designate, non-approval, disapproval or non-clearance, or requirement to conduct additional clinical studies or
trials, with respect to any of the Sellers or any competitors product candidates or (4) FDA approval (or other clinical or regulatory developments), market entry or pending market entry of any product competitive with or related to
any of the products or product candidates of the Seller, or any guidance, announcement or publication by the FDA or other applicable Governmental Authority relating to any product candidates of the Seller or any competitor; or (q) any
objections made in the Bankruptcy Court to this Agreement, the Transactions, the Sale Order or the reorganization, any orders of the Bankruptcy Court and any actions or omissions of the Seller in compliance with any order of the Bankruptcy Court and
the assumption or rejection of any Assigned Contract, provided, however, that, with regard to a matter described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b), (c), (h) and (o), such a matter shall not be an Exclusion to the extent that matter has
a disproportionate effect on the Business or Transferred Assets relative to other comparable businesses operating in the same industries in which the Business operates. 

Non-Transferred Asset has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.6(a). 

Order means any award, decision, injunction, judgment, ruling or
verdict entered, issued, made or rendered by any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 

Organizational Documents
means (a) the articles or certificates of incorporation and the by-laws of a corporation, (b) the partnership agreement and any statement of partnership of a general partnership, (c) the limited partnership agreement and the
certificate of limited partnership of a limited partnership, (d) the operating or limited liability company agreement and the certificate of formation of a limited liability company, (e) any charter, joint venture agreement or similar
document adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization of a Person not described in clauses (a) through (d), and (f) any amendment to or equivalent of any of the foregoing. 

Outside Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(g). 

Owned Intellectual Property means the Intellectual Property owned by the Seller. 

Patent Assignment Agreement means the patent assignment agreement assigning patents that are Transferred Assets to
Purchaser, in a form reasonably acceptable to Purchaser and the Seller and executed and delivered at Closing. 

Permit means all permits, authorizations, certificates, franchises, consents and other approvals from any
Governmental Authority. 

Permitted Liens means (a) gaps in the chain of title of Intellectual Property
applications or registrations that are evident from the records of the relevant Governmental Authority maintaining such applications or registrations and (b) Liens set forth on Schedule 1.1(a). 

Person means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit
corporation), partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization, labor union or any other entity or Governmental Authority. 

8 

Personal Information means any information in the possession or
control of the Seller (solely as related to the Business) about an identifiable individual other than the name, title or business address, business email address or telephone number of any employee of the Seller. 

Petition Date has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Public Health Measures means any closures,
shelter-in-place, stay at home, workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure, curfew or other restrictions or any other Applicable
Law, Orders, directives, guidelines or recommendations issued by any Governmental Authority, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the World Health Organization, or any industry group in connection with
COVID-19 or any other epidemic, pandemic, or outbreak of disease, or in connection with or in response to any other public health conditions. 

Purchase Price means TWENTY-ONE MILLION TWO HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND AND
NO/100 DOLLARS ($21,250,000.00). 

Purchaser has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Purchaser Schedules has the meaning set forth in Article 4. 

Related Claims means all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort, in law or in equity, or granted by
statute or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, the Related Documents and any other document or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the Related Documents, or the negotiation, execution,
termination, validity, interpretation, construction, enforcement, performance or nonperformance of this Agreement or the Related Documents or otherwise arising from the Transactions or the relationship between the parties (including any claim or
cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with, or as an inducement to enter into, this Agreement or the Related Documents). 

Related Documents means the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Patent Assignment Agreement
and the Assignment and Assumption Agreement; provided, however, that the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Patent Assignment Agreement and the Assignment and Assumption Agreement shall not be a Related Document
solely for purposes of applying the provisions in Article 10 to the extent, and only to the extent, that any such document expressly conflicts with Article 10. 

Sale Motion means the motion of the Seller filed at Docket No. 67 in the Bankruptcy Case, seeking entry of the
Sale Order. 

Sale Order means the Order of the Bankruptcy Court entered at Docket No. 293 in the Bankruptcy
Case, among other things, approving the Transactions; a copy of the Sale Order (without Exhibit A thereto) is attached hereto as Exhibit C. 

Samples means all biological samples (including without limitation all nucleic acid, blood, biopsy and other tissue
samples) in possession of Seller and used in any studies in conjunction with the Software. 

9 

Schedules has the meaning set forth in Article 3. 

Seller has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Software means any and all versions of the algorithms, workflows and corresponding software that is referred to in
the Sellers published scientific articles and internal documents as the EDGE Model, including without limitation the version(s) described in Bulik-Sullivan et al., Deep Learning Using Tumor HLA Peptide Mass
Spectrometry Datasets Improves Neoantigen Identification, Nature Biotechnology, Vol. 37, pages 5563 (2019) and/or in Palmer et al., Individualized, heterologous chimpanzee adenovirus and self-amplifying mRNA
neoantigen vaccine for advanced metastatic solid tumors: phase 1 trial interim results Nature Medicine, 28(8):1619-1629 (August 2022), and further including any and all improved, modified, derivative, commercial and non-commercial versions and embodiments of such EDGE Model. 

Solvent when used
with respect to any Person, means that, as of any date of determination, (a) the fair salable value (determined on a going concern basis) of its assets and property will, as of such date, exceed the amounts required to pay its debts as they
become absolute and mature, as of such date, (b) such Person will have adequate capital to carry on its business and (c) such Person will be able to pay its debts as they become absolute and mature, in the ordinary course of business,
taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it and the timing of and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its indebtedness. 

Tax means any tax (including any income tax, franchise tax, branch profits tax, capital gains tax, value-added tax,
sales tax, use tax, property tax, transfer tax, payroll tax, social security tax or withholding tax), and any related fine, penalty, interest, or addition to tax with respect thereto, imposed, assessed or collected by or under the authority of any
Governmental Authority. 

Tax Return means any return (including any information return), report, statement,
schedule, notice, form, or other document or information (whether in tangible, electronic or other form), including any amendments, schedules attachments, supplements, appendices and exhibits thereto, filed with or submitted to, or required to be
filed with or submitted to, any Governmental Authority in connection with the determination, assessment, collection, or payment, of any Tax. 

Transactions means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Documents. 

Transfer Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. 

Transferred Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. 

1.2 

Other Definitional and Interpretive Matters. 

(a) Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, for purposes of this Agreement and the Related Documents, the following rules of
interpretation shall apply: 

(i) Calculation of Time Period. All references to a day or days shall be deemed
to refer to a calendar day or days, as applicable, unless otherwise specifically provided. When calculating the period of time before which, within which or following 

10 

which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded. If the last day of such period is a non-Business Day, the period in question shall end on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(ii) Dollars. Any reference to $ shall mean U.S. dollars, which is the currency used for all purposes in this
Agreement and the Related Documents. The specification of any dollar amount in the representations and warranties or otherwise in this Agreement, the Related Documents or the Schedules is not intended and shall not be deemed to be an admission or
acknowledgement of the materiality of such amounts or items, nor shall the same be used in any dispute or controversy between the parties hereto to determine whether any obligation, item or matter (whether or not described herein or included in any
schedule) is or is not material for purposes of this Agreement, the Related Documents or the Schedules. 

(iii) Exhibits/Schedules. The Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement are an integral part of this Agreement. All
Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any matter or item disclosed on one Schedule shall be deemed to have been disclosed on each
other Schedule. Disclosure of any item on any Schedule shall not constitute an admission or indication that any such item is required to be disclosed, or that such item or matter is material or has resulted in or will result in a Material Adverse
Effect or that the included items or actions are not in the ordinary course of business. No disclosure on a Schedule relating to a possible breach or violation of any Contract, Applicable Law or Order shall be construed as an admission or indication
that a breach or violation exists or has actually occurred. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule or Exhibit but not otherwise defined therein shall be defined as set forth in this Agreement. 

(iv) Gender and Number. Any reference to gender shall include all genders, and words imparting the singular number
only shall include the plural and vice versa. 

(v) Headings. The provision of a table of contents, the
division of this Agreement or Related Documents into articles, sections and other subdivisions and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect or be utilized in construing or interpreting this Agreement or
Related Document, as applicable. Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Agreement to any Section or other subdivision are to the corresponding section or subdivision of this Agreement, and all references in a Related Document
to any Section or other subdivision are to the corresponding section or subdivision of such Related Document. 

(vi) Herein. The words such as herein, hereinafter, hereof and
hereunder that are used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not merely to a subdivision in which such words appear unless the context otherwise requires. Uses of such words in the Related Documents shall refer to
such Related Document as a whole and not merely to a subdivision in which such words appear unless the context otherwise requires. 

11 

(vii) Or. The word or shall be construed in the
inclusive sense of and/or unless otherwise specified. 

(viii) Including. The word
including or any variation thereof means (unless the context of its usage otherwise requires) including, without limitation and shall not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar
items or matters immediately following it. 

(ix) Successors. A reference to any party to this Agreement, any
Related Document or any other agreement or document shall include such partys successors and permitted assigns. 

(x) Legislation. A reference to any legislation or to any provision of any legislation shall include any amendment
thereto, and any modification or re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefor and all regulations and statutory instruments issued thereunder or pursuant thereto. 

(xi) Reflected On or Set Forth In. An item arising with respect to a specific representation or warranty shall be
deemed to be reflected on or set forth in a balance sheet or financial statement, to the extent any such phrase appears in such representation or warranty, if (a) there is a reserve, accrual or other similar item
underlying a number on such balance sheet or financial statement that relates to the subject matter of such representation, (b) such item is otherwise specifically set forth on the balance sheet or financial statement or (c) such item is
set forth in the notes to the balance sheet or financial statement. 

(xii) Made Available. Any reference in
this Agreement to made available means a document or other item of information that was provided or made available to Purchaser or its representatives in any data rooms, virtual data rooms, management
presentations or in any other form in expectation of, or in connection with, the Transactions. 

(b) All representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement or the Related Documents are contractual in nature only and subject to the sole and exclusive remedies set forth herein. No Person is asserting the truth of any representation and warranty set forth in this
Agreement or the Related Documents; rather, the parties have agreed that should any representations and warranties of any party prove untrue, the other parties shall have the specific rights and remedies herein specified as the exclusive remedy
therefor, but that no other rights, remedies or causes of action (whether in law or in equity or whether in contract or in tort or otherwise) are permitted to any party hereto as a result of the untruth of any such representation and warranty. The
phrases to Sellers Knowledge and to Purchasers Knowledge and phrases of similar import or effect are used herein to qualify and limit the scope of any representation or warranty in which they appear and are not
affirmations of any Persons superior knowledge that the representation or warranty in which they are used is true. 

(c) The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and the Related Documents and, in the
event an ambiguity or question of intent 

12 

or interpretation arises, this Agreement and the Related Documents shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or
disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement and the Related Documents. The parties hereto agree that changes from earlier drafts to the final version of this Agreement do not necessarily imply that the party
agreeing to such change is agreeing to a change in meaning (as the party agreeing to such change may believe the change is stylistic and non-substantive); consequently, no presumption should exist by virtue of
a change from a prior draft. 

ARTICLE 2 

THE PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING 

2.1 Purchase and Sale. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Sale Order, at the
Closing, in exchange for an aggregate payment from Purchaser to the Seller equal to the Purchase Price, Purchaser shall purchase, assume and accept from the Seller, and the Seller shall sell, transfer, assign, convey and deliver (or shall cause the
sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance and delivery) to Purchaser, Free and Clear (except for Permitted Liens), all of its rights, title and interests in, to and under all of the Sellers assets, tangible and intangible and wherever located,
other than the Excluded Assets (as defined in Section 2.2 below), as the same shall exist on the Closing Date (collectively, the Transferred Assets), including, without limitation: 

(a) the Designated Intellectual Property; 

(b) to the extent transferable, all Permits (including any applications that are in process) used in connection with or necessary to the
use, manufacture and sale of the Designated Intellectual Property and the Transferred Assets; 

(c) the Contracts to which Seller is
a party that are (1) licenses granted to third parties in or under the Designated Intellectual Property; (2) licenses to third party Intellectual Property that is infringed by (or are necessary or useful for) any use, manufacture or sale
of the Designated Intellectual Property and (3) any other Contracts that are not included in either of the aforementioned categories, including the Contracts that are listed on Schedule 2.1(c) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall
not include any Contracts related to the Binder IP; in addition, and for the avoidance of doubt, Seller may update Schedule 2.1(c) from time to time prior to the Closing so that it sets forth additional Contracts that are Transferred Assets (and not
Excluded Assets), but are not listed as of the Agreement Date) (the Assigned Contracts), provided, however, that (i) no Excluded Contract shall be an Assigned Contract and (ii) only those Contracts
identified by Purchaser as Designated Contracts pursuant to Section 5.3(b) hereof shall be Transferred Assets; 

(d) all material original books and records, documents, data and information of the Seller solely or primarily related to the
Transferred Assets, other than the Excluded Books and Records; provided, however, that the Seller shall be entitled to retain copies of any such materials; 

(e) the Samples; 

13 

(f) all of the Sellers rights, claims or causes of action against third parties
in, or relating in any way to, the Designated Intellectual Property, the Designated Contracts, the Permits described in Section 2.1(b), the Samples, the assets listed in Section 2.1(h) and/or the Assumed Liabilities
(including all guaranties, warranties, indemnities and similar rights in favor of the Seller or any of its Affiliates), in each case, whether arising by way of counterclaim or otherwise, and whether arising out of transactions occurring prior to, on
or after the Closing Date; 

(g) [intentionally omitted]; 

(h) all prepaid expenses, claims, deposits, prepayments, refunds, causes of action, demands, actions, suits, choses in action, rights of
recovery, rights under guarantees, warranties, indemnities and all similar rights against third parties, rights of setoff and rights of recoupment, in each case, to the extent used in or held for use for the Transferred Assets listed in clauses
(a) through (f) above or the Assumed Liabilities; and 

(i) the assets described on Schedule 2.1(i). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, pursuant to the procedures placed on the record by the Seller at the Auction, Purchaser
may, at any time prior to the earlier of December 30, 2024 and the Closing, amend this Agreement to remove from Section 2.1 hereof any Transferred Asset(s) and redesignate such Transferred Asset(s) as an Excluded Asset(s), provided,
however, that there shall be no adjustment to the Purchase Price on account of any such redesignations. 

2.2 Excluded
Assets. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.1 or anything to the contrary herein, the following assets, rights and properties of the Seller (collectively, the Excluded Assets),
shall be retained by the Seller, and Purchaser and its designees shall acquire no right, title or interest in the Excluded Assets in connection with the Transaction: 

(a) all (i) cash and cash equivalents, wherever located, including bank balances and bank accounts or safe deposit boxes, monies in
the possession of any banks, savings and loans or trust companies and similar cash items, (ii) escrow monies and deposits, including deposits in the possession of landlords and utility companies, (iii) monies held as professional retainers
by service providers or in any professional fee escrow and (iv) investment securities and other short- and medium-term investments; 

(b) all records, documents or other information solely and exclusively relating to current or former employees of the Seller that are
not hired by Purchaser, and any materials to the extent containing information about any employee, disclosure of which would violate Applicable Law or such employees reasonable expectation of privacy; 

(c) any interest of the Seller under this Agreement or the Related Documents, including, without limitation, the right to receive the
Purchase Price and to enforce the Sellers rights and remedies thereunder, and any interest of the Seller under any agreement providing for the sale of an Excluded Asset; 

(d) all Excluded Contracts (including all prepaid assets relating to the Excluded Contracts); provided, however, for avoidance of doubt,
that the following shall not be Excluded 

14 

Contracts: (i) the licenses described at Section 2.1(c)(1) and 2.1(c)(2) and (ii) Designated Intellectual Property ownership of which was transferred to
Gritstone by an inventor or other prior owner; 

(e) (i) any of Sellers privileges, protections, and immunities for
communications, documents, or materials, including without limitation, any attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine, common interest, or joint defense privilege, and electronic and tangible documents reflecting such communications and
materials, and (ii) any existing or prior insurance policy and any claims, rights and proceeds under any insurance policies of the Seller, including director and officer, errors and omissions, fiduciary and commercial crime insurance policies;

(f) any net operating losses, Tax assets or Tax attributes, rights of the Seller to Tax refunds or credits for overpayment of Taxes
in lieu of a refund attributable to any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date, and Tax Returns, related work papers, Tax information and Tax records of the Seller; 

(g) all Permits (including applications therefor and any trade or import/export Permits) that (i) are not Transferred Assets under
Section 2.1 or (ii) (x) are not transferable to Purchaser under Applicable Law and (y) are not Designated Patents; 

(h) the Excluded Books and Records; 

(i) any assets from time to time designated by Purchaser as an Excluded Asset as permitted by Section 2.1
hereof; 

(j) the Avoidance Actions; 

(k) all of the Sellers rights, claims or causes of action against any Person (including all guaranties, warranties, indemnities
and similar rights in favor of the Seller or any of its Affiliates and including those relating to any of the Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities), in each case, whether arising by way of counterclaim or otherwise, and whether arising out of
transactions occurring prior to, on or after the Closing Date, provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all of the Sellers rights, claims or causes of action against any Person in, or relating in
any way to, the Designated Intellectual Property, the Designated Contracts, the Permits described in Section 2.1(b), the Samples, the assets listed in Section 2.1(h) and/or the Assumed Liabilities are and shall be
Transferred Assets, not Excluded Assets; 

(l) all of the Sellers right, title and interest to any of the assets set forth on
Schedule 2.2(l); and 

(m) all prepaid expenses, claims, deposits, prepayments, refunds, causes of action, demands, actions,
suits, rights of recovery, rights under guarantees, warranties, indemnities and all similar rights against third parties, rights of setoff and rights of recoupment, in each case, to the extent exclusively related to or exclusively used in or held
for use for any other Excluded Asset; 

15 

(n) any employee benefit plan or asset related thereto; and 

(o) any account receivable, note receivable or similar right to receive payment arising out of, relating to or in respect of the
operation of Seller prior to the Closing, except to the extent arising under a Designated Contract. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement or any of the other Related Documents, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that all of the following are also Excluded Assets, and all right, title and interest in and to all Excluded Assets shall be retained by the Seller and shall
remain the property of the Seller (and shall expressly be excluded from the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance to Purchaser hereunder), and neither Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates shall have any interest therein: (x) all records,
reports or other information prepared or received by the Seller or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Bankruptcy Case, the sale of the Business and/or the Transactions, including all analyses relating to the Business or Purchaser so
prepared or received; and (y) all confidentiality agreements with prospective purchasers of the Business, any Transferred Asset, any Excluded Asset or any portion thereof and all bids and expressions of interest received from third parties with
respect thereto. 

2.3 Assumption of Liabilities. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, Purchaser shall, effective as of the Closing, assume and agree to pay, discharge and perform in accordance with their terms only the following Liabilities of the Seller (other than any that are Excluded Liabilities) (collectively, the
Assumed Liabilities): 

(a) all Liabilities arising from and after the Closing Date relating to the
Transferred Assets; 

(b) subject to Section 2.4, (i) all Liabilities arising under the Designated
Contracts incurred at or after the Closing and (ii) all of the Determined Cure Costs; 

(c) all Taxes for which Purchaser is
liable pursuant to this Agreement; 

(d) [intentionally omitted]; 

(e) [intentionally omitted]; 

(f) [intentionally omitted]; 

(g) all Liabilities arising out of or relating to any action, charge, claim (including any cross-claim or counter-claim), suit,
litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate proceeding), hearing, inquiry, audit, examination or investigation with respect to the Transferred Assets relating to any period from and
after the Closing; and 

(h) other Liabilities that are listed on Schedule 2.3(h). 

2.4 Excluded Liabilities. Notwithstanding Section 2.3, Purchaser is assuming only the Assumed
Liabilities of the Seller and will not assume or be liable for any Excluded Liabilities, and the Seller shall retain and shall be responsible for, all Liabilities that are not Assumed Liabilities, 

16 

including, without limitation, (a) all Liabilities related to Excluded Assets and (b) all Liabilities of Seller for infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a third partys
rights in such third partys Intellectual Property or Software (all such Liabilities not being assumed herein, collectively, the Excluded Liabilities). 

2.5 Excluded Contracts. Pursuant to Section 5.3(b), Purchaser shall be entitled, in its sole
discretion, by written notice to the Seller delivered on or before the Closing Date, to elect not to purchase or assume one or more Assigned Contracts, in which case, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, any Related Document or the Sale Order
to the contrary, such Assigned Contract shall be considered an excluded contract (Excluded Contract) (and shall constitute an Excluded Asset and not be included in the Transferred Assets) for all purposes of this Agreement
and Purchaser shall not have any obligation to satisfy or pay any Cure Costs or other Liabilities with respect to such Excluded Contract. Each assignable Assigned Contract that Purchaser does not elect to remove from the list of Assigned Contracts
pursuant to Section 5.3(b) shall be an Assigned Contract. 

2.6 Non-Transferred Asset. 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall not constitute an agreement to assign
or transfer any Transferred Asset or any claim, right or benefit arising thereunder or resulting therefrom if an attempted assignment or transfer thereof, without the Consent of a third party (including any Governmental Authority) (after giving
effect to the Sale Order or any other applicable order of the Bankruptcy Court that effects such transfer without any required Consents), would constitute a breach or other contravention thereof or a violation of Applicable Law (each, a Non-Transferred Asset); provided that none of the Designated Patents shall constitute a Non-Transferred Asset. 

(b) If, on the Closing Date, any third-party Consent is not obtained for a Non-Transferred
Asset, or if an attempted transfer or assignment thereof would be ineffective or a violation of Applicable Law, then, until any requisite consent is obtained therefor and the same is transferred and assigned to Purchaser or its designee, each such Non-Transferred Asset shall be held by the Seller as agent for the Purchaser, and the Seller shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, provide to Purchaser the benefits and Purchaser shall assume the
obligations and bear the economic burdens associated with such Non-Transferred Asset. The Seller and Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into agreements (including subcontracting,
sublicensing or subleasing, if permitted) by which (i) the Seller shall, at Purchasers sole expense, without interruption of the Business, provide Purchaser with the economic and operational equivalent of obtaining the requisite
third-party Consent and assigning the applicable Non-Transferred Asset to Purchaser (including, with the prior written consent of Purchaser, enforcing for the benefit of Purchaser, and at Purchasers sole
expense, all claims or rights arising thereunder) and (ii) Purchaser shall perform, at its sole expense, the obligations and assume the economic burdens of the Seller to be performed after the Closing with respect to such Non-Transferred Asset. Purchaser shall promptly, upon receipt of a written request therefor from the Seller, reimburse the Seller for all monies paid by the Seller on Purchasers behalf in connection with any
Assumed Liability not assigned or transferred to Purchaser pursuant to this Section 2.6. If Purchaser determines that the requisite third-party Consent cannot be obtained on terms reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser
withing thirty (30) days after the Closing, Purchaser may on notice to the Seller designate the applicable Non-Transferred Asset as an Excluded Asset or Excluded Contract, as applicable. 

17 

2.7 Closing. The closing of the Transactions (the
Closing) will take place remotely by electronic exchange of documents on the date (the Closing Date) that is the second (2nd) Business Day after
the date on which all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 (excluding conditions that, by their terms, are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all such conditions at the Closing), have been
satisfied or waived by the party hereto entitled to the benefit of the same, unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto, provided, however, that the Closing Date shall not be earlier than
December 30, 2024, without the written consent of Purchaser. Except as otherwise set forth herein, all proceedings to be taken and all documents to be executed and delivered by all parties hereto at the Closing will be deemed to have been taken
and executed simultaneously and no proceedings will be deemed to have been taken nor documents executed or delivered until all have been taken, executed and delivered. 

2.8 Closing Deliveries of the Parties. At or prior to the Closing: 

(a) Purchaser and the Seller shall execute and deliver the Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement; 

(b) Purchaser and Seller shall execute and deliver, each in a form reasonably acceptable to Purchaser and Seller, 

(i) the Patent Assignment Agreement; 

(ii) the CNS, also executed by Future Solution Investments LLC; and 

(iii) the Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 

(c) Purchaser shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Seller or the applicable Person each of the following: 

(i) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by or on behalf of Purchaser as to the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(b); and 

(ii) payment of the closing payments set forth in Section 2.9. 

(d) the Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Purchaser or the applicable Person each of the following: 

(i) all right, title and interest in and to the Transferred Assets; 

(ii) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by or on behalf of the Seller as to the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Section 8.2(a) and Section 8.2(b); 

18 

(iii) certificates, dated as of the Closing Date, of the Sellers
non-foreign status, in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.1445-2(b); and 

(iv) an IRS Form W-9 with respect to the Seller, duly completed and executed.

2.9 Purchase Price; Assumed Liabilities; Deposits. 

(a) At the Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, in full consideration for the sale, transfer,
conveyance, assignment and delivery of the Transferred Assets to Purchaser and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities by Purchaser, Purchaser shall (i) pay to the Seller an aggregate amount equal to the Purchase Price minus the
Deposit Escrow Amount; and (ii) assume the Assumed Liabilities. 

(b) At the Closing, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, Purchaser will assume and become responsible for the Assumed Liabilities. Purchaser agrees to pay, perform, honor, and discharge, or cause to be paid, performed, honored and discharged, all Assumed Liabilities in a
timely manner in accordance with the terms hereof, including paying or causing to be paid, at or prior to the Closing, all Determined Cure Costs. 

(c) The Deposit Escrow Amount shall be released to Seller or Purchaser in accordance with the applicable terms of (i) this
Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 9.2(c) hereof) and (i) the Bid Procedures Order, including, without limitation, Sections I.C.2, I.D.7 and I.I of Exhibit 1 thereto. Any issue regarding the entitlement to the Deposit Escrow
Amount shall be determined by the Bankruptcy Court, and Purchaser consents to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court for any issue related to this Agreement. 

2.10 Transfer Taxes. It is the intention of the Purchaser and the Seller that the Transactions be exempt from all
transfer, documentary, sales, use, excise, stock transfer, value-added, stamp, recording, registration and other similar taxes, levies and fees (including any penalties, fines and interest), together with any conveyance fees, recording charges and
other similar fees and charges, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions (collectively, Transfer Taxes) pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 1146(a). Purchaser and the Seller shall cooperate in good
faith to minimize, to the extent permissible under Applicable Law, the amount of any Transfer Taxes due with respect to the Transactions. In the event any Transfer Taxes are required to be paid with respect to the Transactions, Purchaser shall be
solely responsible for such Transfer Taxes and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Seller against any such Transfer Taxes. 

2.11 Allocation of Purchase Price. 

(a) Within 90 days following the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller a schedule allocating the Purchase Price (and all other
amounts treated as consideration for U.S. federal income tax purposes) among the Transferred Assets (the Allocation Schedule). The Allocation Schedule shall be reasonable, and Purchaser and the Seller shall negotiate in
good faith to resolve disputed items, if any, in the Allocation Schedule as promptly as practicable. If Purchaser and the Seller are unable to reach agreement with respect to the Allocation Schedule within 30 days after the delivery of the
Allocation Schedule by Purchaser to the Seller, the parties shall be entitled to use their own Purchase Price allocations for Tax reporting purposes. 

19 

(b) To the extent Purchaser and the Seller agree on the Allocation Schedule pursuant
to Section 2.11(a), Purchaser and the Seller shall (i) timely file all Tax Returns required to be filed in connection with the Allocation Schedule, and (ii) prepare and file all Tax Returns and determine all Taxes
in a manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule, except as may be required by Applicable Law and except as may be necessary to reflect adjustments to the Allocation Schedule resulting from post-Closing payments or events. Purchaser, on the one
hand, and the Seller, on the other hand, shall notify the other if it receives notice that any Governmental Authority proposes any allocation different from Allocation Schedule. 

ARTICLE 3 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER 

Except as disclosed in a document herewith delivered by the Seller to Purchaser (the Schedules), the Seller hereby makes the
representations and warranties contained in this Article 3 to Purchaser. 

3.1 Organization, Good Standing and Other
Matters. The Seller is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has, subject to the necessary authority of the Bankruptcy Court, the requisite corporate power and
authority to operate the Business and necessary to own, lease or operate the properties and assets owned, leased or operated by it to carry on the Business as now being conducted, except where the failure to be so duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing, or to have such power and authority, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign company in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
Business as currently conducted by it or the property owned or leased by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.2 Authority and Enforceability. Subject to Bankruptcy Court approval, the Seller has all requisite power and authority
to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the Related Documents to which it is (or at Closing, will be) a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and each of the Related Documents to which the Seller is (or at Closing, will be) a party, and the consummation by the Seller of the Transactions, has been duly authorized and approved by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Seller and are subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. This Agreement has been, and each Related Document will be, at or prior to the Closing, duly executed and delivered by the Seller and, assuming the due execution and
delivery by the other parties hereto or thereto, and subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, except to the extent that
such enforceability may be subject to, and limited by, the Enforceability Exceptions. 

3.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and
Consents. Except (a) such filings as may be required in connection with the Transfer Taxes described in Section 2.10 and (b) as otherwise set forth on Schedule 3.3, the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller does not and the 

20 

execution and delivery of the Related Documents by the Seller will not, and the consummation of the Transactions hereby and thereby will not (i) violate the provisions of the Organizational
Documents of the Seller, (ii) subject to the entry of the Sale Order, violate any Applicable Law or Order to which Seller is subject or by which its properties or assets are bound or (iii) require Seller to obtain any Consent, or give any
notice to, or make any filing with, any Governmental Authority on or prior to the Closing Date (except as required by the Bankruptcy Code or the Sale Order); excluding from the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) any Consents,
approvals, notices and filings the absence of which, and violations, breaches, defaults, rights of acceleration, cancellation or termination, and Liens, the existence of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

3.4 Litigation. As of the Agreement Date, there is no Action pending or, to the Sellers Knowledge,
formally threatened in writing, against Seller before any Governmental Authority that would have a Material Adverse Effect or affect the Transferred Assets in any material respect after the entry of the Sale Order, if determined adversely and after
taking into effect applicable insurance coverage. 

3.5 Assets. The Seller has good and valid title to the Transferred
Assets and, upon entry of the Sale Order and the occurrence of the Closing, the Transferred Assets shall be free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens. To Sellers Knowledge, there are no claims, pending or threatened, with respect to
Sellers rights in the Transferred Assets. To Sellers Knowledge, Seller has not granted, and will not grant, to a third party any license or other right in the Designated Intellectual Property. To Sellers Knowledge, Seller is not
subject to any prior obligations, agreement, judgment or order inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. To Sellers knowledge, no third parties have challenged the validity of the Designated Patents, except in the Opposition to European
Patent No. EP3389630B1. 

3.6 Brokers and Finders. Except for Raymond James & Associates, Inc. the Seller has
not, directly or indirectly, entered into any agreement with any Person that would obligate the Seller to pay any commission, brokerage fee or finders fee in connection with the Transactions. 

3.7 No Other Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties
contained in this Article 3, the Seller does not, nor do any other Persons on behalf of the Seller, make any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to itself, the Business, the Transferred Assets or the Assumed
Liabilities, or with respect to any other information provided to Purchaser or its representatives, and the Seller disclaims any other representations or warranties, whether made by or on behalf of the Seller or any other Person. The Seller will
not, and no other Persons will, have or be subject to any Liability to Purchaser or any other Person resulting from the distribution to Purchaser, or Purchasers use of, any such information, including any information, documents, projections,
forecasts or other material made available to Purchaser or its representatives in any data rooms, virtual data rooms, management presentations or in any other form in expectation of, or in connection with, the Transactions,
or in respect of any other matter or thing whatsoever (electronic or otherwise) or otherwise in expectation of the Transactions. 

21 

ARTICLE 4 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 

Except as disclosed in a document herewith delivered by Purchaser to the Seller (the Purchaser Schedules), Purchaser hereby makes
the representations and warranties contained in this Article 4 to the Seller. 

4.1 Organization, Good Standing and
Other Matters. Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has all requisite corporate power or other entity power and authority to own its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Purchaser is duly qualified or licensed to conduct its business as currently conducted and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the location of the property owned, leased or operated
by it or the nature of its business makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair or delay Purchasers ability to consummate the
Transactions. 

4.2 Authority and Enforceability. Purchaser has all requisite corporate power or other entity power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the Related Documents to which it is (or at Closing, will be) a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and each of the Related Documents to which it is (or at Closing, will be) a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, have been duly authorized and approved by its board of directors (or equivalent governing
body) and no other action on the part of Purchaser or its stockholders is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Related Documents by Purchaser and the consummation of the Transactions. This
Agreement has been, and each Related Document will be at or prior to Closing, duly executed and delivered by Purchaser and, assuming the due execution and delivery by the other parties hereto or thereto, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
Purchaser enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, except to the extent that such enforceability may be subject to, and limited by, the Enforceability Exceptions. 

4.3 No Conflict: Required Filings and Consents. Except (a) such filings as may be required in connection with the
Transfer Taxes described in Section 2.10 and (b) as set forth on Schedule 4.3, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and of the Related Documents and the consummation of the
Transactions by Purchaser will not (i) violate the provisions of its Organizational Documents, (ii) violate any Applicable Law or Order to which it is subject or by which any of its properties or assets are bound or (iii) require it
to obtain any Consent, or give any notice to, or make any filing with, any Governmental Authority on or prior to the Closing Date; excluding from the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) any Consents, approvals, notices and filings
the absence of which, and violations, breaches, defaults, rights of acceleration, cancellation or termination, and Liens, the existence of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

22 

4.4 Financing. Purchaser has, and at the Closing will have,
(a) sufficient internal funds (without giving effect to any unfunded financing regardless of whether any such financing is committed) available to pay the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms hereof and any other payments required
hereunder and any expenses incurred or required to be paid by Purchaser in connection with the Transactions, and (b) the resources and capabilities (financial or otherwise) to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Related Documents.
Purchaser has not incurred any obligation, commitment, restriction or Liability of any kind, which would impair or adversely affect such resources and capabilities. 

4.5 Solvency. Purchaser is not entering into this Agreementwith the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either
present or future creditors. Immediately after giving effect to all of the Transactions, including the making of the payments contemplated by Section 2.9, and assuming satisfaction of the conditions to
Purchasers obligation to consummate the Transactions as set forth herein, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth herein and the performance by Purchaser of its obligations hereunder in all material respects,
Purchaser will be Solvent. 

4.6 Litigation. There is no Action pending or, to Purchasers Knowledge, formally
threatened in writing against Purchaser or involving any of its properties or assets that would be reasonably be expected to (a) have a material adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
(b) otherwise prevent, hinder or delay the consummation of the Transactions. 

4.7 Brokers and Finders. None of
Purchaser or its Affiliates have, directly or indirectly, entered into any agreement with any Person that would obligate the Seller to pay any commission, brokerage fee or finders fee in connection with the Transactions. 

4.8 Investigation and Agreement by Purchaser; Non-Reliance of
Purchaser; No Other Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Purchaser acknowledges that it and its representatives have
received access to such books and records, facilities, equipment, contracts and other assets of the Business which it and its representatives have desired or requested to review. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i) it has made its own
inquiry and investigation into, and, based thereon, has formed an independent judgment concerning the Seller, the Business, the Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities and (ii) the Business, the Transferred Assets and the Assumed
Liabilities are being transferred and acquired on a where is and, as to condition, as is and with all faults basis. 

(b) Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly made by the Seller in Article 3 as further limited by the
specifically bargained-for exclusive remedies as set forth in Article 9 of this Agreement, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Seller is not making and has not made any representation or
warranty, expressed or implied, at law or in equity, in respect of the Business, the Transferred Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, or any of its operations, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise), including with respect to merchantability or
fitness for any particular purpose of any assets, the nature or extent of any Liabilities, the prospects of the Business, the effectiveness or the success of any operations, or the accuracy or completeness of

23 

any confidential information memoranda, documents, projections, material or other information (financial or otherwise) regarding the Business furnished to Purchaser or its representatives or made
available to Purchaser and its representatives in any data rooms, virtual data rooms, management presentations or in any other form in expectation of, or in connection with, the Transactions, or in respect of any other matter
or thing whatsoever, and (ii) no officer, director, manager, stockholder, agent, Affiliate, advisor, representative or employee of the Seller has any authority, express or implied, to make any representations, warranties or agreements not
specifically set forth in Article 3 and subject to the limited remedies herein provided. 

(c) Other than the specific
representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article 3 as further limited by the specifically bargained-for exclusive remedies as set forth in Article 9 of this Agreement, Purchaser
specifically disclaims that it is relying upon or has relied upon any such other representations or warranties that may have been made by any Person, and acknowledges and agrees that the Seller and the Sellers Affiliates have specifically
disclaimed and do hereby specifically disclaim, and shall not have or be subject to any Liability for reliance on any such other representation or warranty made by any Person. Purchaser specifically waives any obligation or duty by the Seller or the
Sellers Affiliates to make any disclosures of fact not required to be disclosed pursuant to the specific representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article 3 and disclaims reliance on any information not specifically required
to be provided or disclosed pursuant to the specific representations and warranties set forth in Article 3.

(d) Purchaser is acquiring the Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities subject only to the specific representations and
warranties expressly set forth in Article 3 as further limited by the specifically bargained-for exclusive remedies as set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement. 

4.9 No Other Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this
Article 4, neither Purchaser nor any other Person on behalf of Purchaser makes any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Purchaser or with respect to any other information provided to the Seller or its
representatives, and Purchaser disclaims any other representations or warranties, whether made by Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives. 

ARTICLE 5 

BANKRUPTCY
COURT MATTERS 

5.1 Competing Transaction. This Agreement is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court and the
consideration by the Seller of higher or better competing bids in respect of all or any part of the Transferred Assets (whether in combination with other assets of the Seller or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of the Bid Procedures Order
(each, a Competing Bid). From the Agreement Date (and any prior time) and until the Sellers designation of Purchasers bid as the Successful Bid (as defined in the Bid Procedures Order) at or after the Auction,
the Seller is permitted to, and to cause its representatives to, initiate contact with, solicit or encourage submission of any inquiries, proposals or offers by, any Person (in addition to Purchaser and its Affiliates and representatives) in
connection with any reorganization, sale or other disposition of the Transferred Assets. In addition, the Seller shall have the authority to respond to any inquiries or offers to reorganize, purchase all or any part of the Transferred Assets
(whether in combination 

24 

with other assets of the Seller or otherwise) and perform any and all other acts related thereto which are required under the Bankruptcy Code, the Bid Procedures Order or other Applicable Law,
including supplying information relating to the Business and the assets of the Seller to prospective plan sponsors or purchasers. 

5.2 Bankruptcy Court Filings. 

(a) Subject to its right to pursue a Competing Bid in accordance with the Bid Procedures Order, the Seller shall diligently pursue the
entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Sale Order, which Sale Order shall provide for the transfer of the Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities to Purchaser free from all successor or transferee Liability to the fullest extent permitted by
Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Seller shall comply (or obtain an Order from the Bankruptcy Court waiving compliance) with all requirements under the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy
Procedure, and the Local Bankruptcy Rules for the Bankruptcy Court in obtaining the entry of the Sale Order. Purchaser agrees that it will promptly take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Seller to assist in obtaining entry of the Sale
Order, including by furnishing affidavits or other documents or information for filing with the Bankruptcy Court for the purposes, among others, of providing necessary assurances of performance by Purchaser under this Agreement and demonstrating
that Purchaser is a good faith purchaser under Section 363(m) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(b) [Intentionally omitted.]

5.3 Assumption of Assigned Contracts. 

(a) Seller has filed its Notice of Potential Assumption, Assumption and Assignment, or Transfer of Executory Contracts and Unexpired
Leases (Docket No. 186) (the Assumption Notice) and served the Assumption Notice on each counterparty to an Assigned Contract listed thereon. The Assumption Notice identifies all Assigned Contracts that the Seller and
Purchaser believe may be assumed and assigned in connection with the sale of the Transferred Assets and sets forth a good faith estimate of the amount of Cure Costs applicable to each such Assigned Contract (and if no Cure Cost is estimated to be
applicable with respect to any particular Assigned Contract, the amount of such Cure Cost designated for such Assigned Contract is $0.00). In accordance with the Bid Procedures Order, the Seller reserves the right to supplement the
Assumption Notice and provide additional notice of assumption, and to remove a Assigned Contract from the list of Assigned Contracts, up tofive (5) Business Days prior to the hearing by the Bankruptcy Court with respect to the Sale
Motion. 

(b) Subject to the last paragraph of Section 2.1 hereof, on or before the date that is five (5) Business
Days before the Closing Date (the Designation Deadline), Purchaser shall provide to the Seller a list (which may be Schedule 2.1(c) or a revised version thereof) of those Assigned Contracts that it elects to have assumed and
assigned to Purchaser on the Closing Date (the Designated Contracts), and Purchaser shall be entitled to remove any Assigned Contract from Schedule 2.1(c) at any time prior to the Designation Deadline by providing the Seller
written notice of such removal. In the event that Purchaser removes any of such Assigned Contracts from such list, the Seller will provide the relevant counterparty written notice that the applicable Assigned Contract is no longer identified as a
Designated Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, 

25 

only those executory Assigned Contracts that remain identified as Designated Contracts as of the Closing Date will constitute Assigned Contracts and will be assumed by the Seller and assigned to
Purchaser pursuant to the Sale Order. The Seller shall file such motions, pleadings or notices as may be appropriate or necessary to assume and assign the Assigned Contracts and to determine the amount of the Cure Costs; provided, that
nothing herein shall preclude the Seller from filing one or more motions to reject any Contracts that are not Assigned Contracts. 

(c) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, a Contract shall not be a Designated Contract hereunder and shall
not be assigned to, or assumed by, Purchaser to the extent that such Contract is (i) deemed rejected under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) the subject of an objection to assignment or assumption or requires the consent of any
Governmental Authority or other third party (other than, and in addition to, the Bankruptcy Court) in order to permit the assumption and assignment by the Seller to Purchaser of such Contract pursuant to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, and
such objection has not been resolved or such consent has not been obtained prior to the thirtieth (30th) day following the Closing Date (as such period may be extended by mutual agreement of
Seller and Purchaser), or (iii) is terminated by any party thereto other than Seller, or terminates or expires by its terms, on or prior to such time as it is to be assumed by Purchaser as a Designated Contract hereunder and is not continued or
otherwise extended upon assumption. In no event shall the failure to assign to Purchaser any Contract in accordance with subsections (i) through (iii) above reduce the Purchase Price payable to Seller or constitute a failure to satisfy the
conditions precedent of Seller under Section 8.2. 

(d) Subject to the terms of Section 2.5,
Section 2.8, Section 5.3(a) and Section 5.3(b), Purchaser shall make provision for the payment of the Determined Cure Costs in cash at Closing in accordance with the Sale
Order. 

(e) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, from and after the date of the Assumption Notice
through the Closing Date, the Seller will not reject or take any action (or fail to take any action that would result in rejection by operation of Applicable Law) to reject, withdraw, repudiate or disclaim any Assigned Contract unless
(i) Purchaser has provided its prior written consent or (ii) Purchaser has removed such Assigned Contract from the list of Designated Contracts. 

ARTICLE 6 

PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS 

6.1 Conduct of Business. Except (i) as set forth on
Schedule 6.1, (ii) as may be approved by Purchaser (which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned; provided, however, that the consent of Purchaser shall be deemed to have been given
if Purchaser does not object within two (2) Business Days after written request for such consent is provided by the Seller to Purchaser), (iii) for actions taken or omitted to be taken by Seller in response to any Public Health Measure, or
(iv) as is otherwise permitted, contemplated or required by this Agreement, any Assigned Contract, by Applicable Laws or by order of the Bankruptcy Court, from the Agreement Date through the earlier of the Closing Date and the termination of
this Agreement in accordance with its terms: 

26 

(a) The Seller shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
Transferred Assets in all material respects in the ordinary course of business; and 

(b) The Seller shall not: 

(i) sell, license, abandon or otherwise dispose of any material asset or property constituting Transferred Assets other
than, in each case, (A) in the ordinary course of business or (B) with Purchasers prior written consent, for the purpose of disposing of obsolete or worthless assets; 

(ii) except in the ordinary course of business, acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial
portion of the assets of any business or any corporation, partnership or other business organization or otherwise acquire any assets (except inventory), that as of the Closing would constitute Transferred Assets, except for the acquisition of assets
in the ordinary course of business; or 

(iii) change its present accounting methods or principles in any material
respect relating to the Transferred Assets, except as required by GAAP or Applicable Law. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, directly or indirectly, any right to control or direct the Business, assets and operations prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, the Seller shall
exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its Business, assets and operations. 

6.2 Access to Information; Confidentiality. 

(a) From the Agreement Date until the earlier of the Closing Date and the termination of this Agreement, the Seller shall grant
Purchaser and its representatives (at Purchasers sole cost and expense) reasonable access, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice (and in the event of a facility visit request, at least 48 hours prior notice), and subject to
any limitations resulting from any Public Health Measures, to the personnel, facilities, book and records of the Seller related to the Business or the Transferred Assets that are in the possession or under the control of the Seller; provided,
however, that (i) all requests for access shall be directed to such person(s) as the Seller may designate in writing from time to time (the Seller Access Contact), (ii) such activities do not unreasonably
interfere with the ongoing business or operations of the Seller, (iii) the Seller shall have the right to have one or more of its representatives present at all times during any visits, examinations, discussions or contacts contemplated by this
Section 6.2(a), (iv) Purchaser shall have no right to perform invasive or subsurface investigations or conduct any sampling or analysis of environmental media of the nature commonly referred to as a Phase II
Environmental Investigation, such as any soil or groundwater testing, (v) such access or related activities would not cause a violation of any agreement to which the Seller is a party, (vi) no Personal Information shall be disclosed
or used other than in compliance with applicable privacy law and (vii) nothing herein shall require Seller or its representatives to furnish to Purchaser or provide Purchaser with access to information that (A) is subject to an
attorney-client or an attorney work-product privilege, (B) legal counsel for the Seller reasonably concludes may give rise to antitrust or competition law issues or violate a 

27 

protective order or otherwise may not be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Law (including any Public Health Measure) or (C) would cause significant competitive harm to the Seller if the
Transactions are not consummated. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, from the Agreement Date
until the Closing Date, Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its representatives not to, have any contact or discussions concerning Seller, the Business, the Transaction or any other matters with any lender, borrower, creditor, guarantor, business
partner, bank, landlord, tenant, supplier, customer, employee, manager, franchisee, distributer, noteholder, independent contractor, consultant or other material business relation of the Seller, in each case, without the prior written consent of the
Seller Access Contact (which consent may be withheld in the Sellers sole discretion and, if given, may be conditioned on the Seller Access Contact or his or her designee having the right to participate in any meeting or discussion). 

(c) Any information provided to or obtained by Purchaser or its representatives, including pursuant to this
Section 6.2 is confidential information and subject to the terms of, and the restrictions contained in, the Confidentiality Agreement. Purchaser agrees to be bound by and comply with the provisions set forth in the
Confidentiality Agreement as if such provisions were set forth herein, and such provisions are hereby incorporated herein by reference. Effective upon (and only upon) the Closing, the Confidentiality Agreement shall automatically terminate and none
of the parties thereto shall have any further Liability or obligation thereunder except with respect to any confidential information provided to or obtained by Purchaser or its representatives concerning the Seller, which information shall remain
subject to the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement after the Closing Date. If this Agreement is terminated prior to Closing for any reason, the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

6.3 Efforts to Consummate. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto agrees to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Closing to occur as soon as possible after the Agreement Date, including satisfying the conditions precedent set forth in Article 8 applicable to such party including (a) defending against any
Actions, judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions, (b) seeking to have any preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order, stay or other legal restraint or prohibition entered or
imposed by any court or other Governmental Authority that is not yet final and nonappealable vacated or reversed, and (c) executing any additional instruments reasonably requested by another party hereto (without cost or expense to the
executing party) necessary to carry out the Transactions and to fully carry out the purposes of this Agreement; provided, however, that, for purposes of the commercially reasonable efforts standard as required by this
Section 6.3, neither party nor its representatives shall be required to offer or grant any accommodation or concession (financial or otherwise) to any third party or to otherwise expend any money or suffer any detriment, to
expend any money to remedy any breach of any representation or warranty hereunder, to commence any Action, to waive or surrender any right, to modify any agreement (including any Assigned Contract) or to provide financing to Purchaser for the
consummation of the Transactions. 

28 

6.4 Regulatory Matters and Approvals. 

(a) The Seller will (i) (A) make or cause to be made all filings and submissions, if any, required to be made by the Seller under
any Applicable Law for the transfer of the Designated Intellectual Property to Purchaser; (B) at Purchasers request, execute any documents or instruments necessary or useful in order to perfect or record a change in ownership of the
Transferred Assets and (ii) cooperate with Purchaser in exchanging such information and providing such assistance as Purchaser may reasonably request in connection with the foregoing. 

(b) [Intentionally omitted.] 

6.5 Public Announcements/Non-Disclosure. 

(a) Between the Agreement Date and the Closing Date, except to the extent required by any Applicable Law or Action (including the
Bankruptcy Case), neither Purchaser nor the Seller shall, and Purchaser and the Seller shall cause their respective Affiliates and representatives not to, directly or indirectly, issue any press release or public announcement of any kind without the
prior written consent of Purchaser and the Seller; provided, however, that the Seller and its Affiliates may make announcements from time to time to their respective employees, customers, suppliers, and other business relations and
otherwise as the Seller may reasonably determine is necessary to comply with Applicable Law or the requirements of this Agreement or any other agreement to which the Seller or any such Affiliate is a party. Purchaser and the Seller shall cooperate
in good faith to prepare a joint press release to be issued on the Closing Date, the terms of which shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, including in Section 6.5(a) hereof, the Seller shall not,
and shall cause its Affiliates and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns not to, disclose in any manner or to any Person (a) the legal or beneficial ownership of Purchaser or
(b) identify Purchaser as any entity other than Seattle Project Corp. or an abbreviated version of that name except to the extent required by any Governmental Authority or any stock exchange or stock market, or otherwise required by
Applicable Law or legal process required by Applicable Law provided, however, that, if the Seller reasonably determines that any such disclosure is required pursuant to the preceding exception, prior to making any such disclosures, the
Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser and reasonably cooperate with Purchaser to prevent or condition the disclosure of such information. 

6.6 Update of Schedules; Knowledge of Breach. From time to time
prior to the Closing, the Seller may supplement or amend the Schedules with respect to any matter hereafter arising or discovered which if existing or known by the Seller at the Agreement Date would have been required to be set forth or described in
such Schedules and also with respect to events or conditions arising after the date hereof and prior to Closing. Any such supplemental or amended disclosure shall not be deemed to have cured any such breach of representation or warranty for purposes
of determining whether or not the conditions set forth in Section 8.2(a) have been satisfied. From and after the Closing, references to the Schedules shall be references to the Schedules as supplemented, modified and/or
updated. If, prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall have reason to believe that any breach of a representation or warranty of the Seller has occurred (other 

29 

than through notice from the Seller), Purchaser shall promptly so notify the Seller, in reasonable detail. Nothing in this Agreement, including this Section 6.6, shall
imply that the Seller is making any representation or warranty as of any date other than the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that are expressly made as of an earlier date). 

ARTICLE 7 

POST-CLOSING
COVENANTS 

7.1 [Intentionally omitted.] 

7.2 Post-Closing Receipt and Possession of Assets. 

(a) After the Closing Date, the Seller shall transfer promptly to Purchaser from time to time (but in any event on a monthly basis) any
payments constituting Transferred Assets received by the Seller. After the Closing Date, Purchaser shall transfer promptly to the Seller, from time to time (but in any event on a monthly basis), any payments constituting Excluded Assets, received by
Purchaser after the Closing. 

(b) In the event that, after the Closing Date, Purchaser receives or otherwise is in possession of any
Excluded Asset, Purchaser shall promptly notify the Seller of its receipt or possession of such other Excluded Asset and transfer such Excluded Asset to the Seller. In the event that, after the Closing Date, the Seller receives or otherwise is in
possession of any other Transferred Asset, the Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser of its receipt or possession of such other Transferred Asset and transfer, at Purchasers expense, such Transferred Asset to Purchaser. 

7.3 Tax Matters. The Seller shall be responsible for preparing or causing to be prepared all Asset Tax Returns for itself
for taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date (each, a Pre-Closing Tax Period) that are required to be filed after the Closing. After the Closing, Purchaser will assist and
cooperate with the Seller in preparing such Asset Tax Returns. Purchaser shall be responsible for all Transfer Taxes, if any. Purchaser will, at Purchasers sole expense, timely file all necessary Tax Returns with regard to all Transfer Taxes
that are required by Appliable Law. 

7.4 Confidentiality . From and after the execution of this Agreement, the Seller
shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns to, keep confidential, and not disclose to any Person, any communication or other information related to this
Agreement or to the Transactions, including, without limitation, those made in connection with the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement and the due diligence conducted by the Seller and Purchaser related to this Agreement, whether such
communications occurred before, at, or after the execution of this Agreement except to the extent required by any Governmental Authority or any stock exchange or stock market, or otherwise required by Applicable Law or legal process required by
Applicable Law; provided, however, that, if the Seller reasonably determines that any such disclosure is required pursuant to the preceding exception, prior to making any such disclosures, the Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser and
reasonably cooperate with Purchaser to prevent or condition the disclosure of such information. 

30 

ARTICLE 8 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

8.1 Conditions to Each Partys Obligation. The respective obligations of the parties
hereto to effect the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, waiver by the Seller and Purchaser), at or prior to the Closing, of the following conditions: 

(a) No Injunctions or Restraints. No Order or Applicable Law preventing the consummation of the Transactions shall
be in effect. 

(b) Sale Order. The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Sale Order and such Sale Order shall not have been
reversed, vacated, modified or amended, shall not be stayed, and shall be and remain in full force and effect. 

8.2 Conditions
to Obligation of Purchaser. The obligations of Purchaser to effect the Transactions is subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, waiver by Purchaser), at or prior to the Closing, of the
following conditions: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of the Seller set forth
in Article 3 shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or words of similar import set forth therein) as of the
Closing as though made at and as of such time (other than such representations and warranties as are made as of an earlier date, which shall be so true and correct as of such date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to
be so true and correct would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Performance of Covenants
and Obligations. The Seller shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all obligations and covenants required to have been performed or complied with by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing, except to the extent
of changes or developments contemplated by the terms of this Agreement or caused by the Transactions. 

(c) Closing
Deliverables. The Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser the closing deliveries required to be delivered by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.8(a), Section 2.8(b) and
Section 2.8(d). 

8.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Seller. The obligation of the Seller
to effect the Transactions is subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, waiver by the Seller), at or prior to the Closing, of the following conditions: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Article 4 shall
be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to materiality or words of similar import set forth therein) as of the Closing as though made at and as of such time (other than such
representations and warranties as are made as of an earlier date, which shall be so true and correct as of such date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the
aggregate, (i) have a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) otherwise prevent, hinder or delay the consummation of the Transactions. 

31 

(b) Performance of Covenants and Obligations of Purchaser. Purchaser
shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all obligations and covenants required to have been performed or complied with by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing, except to the extent of changes or developments
contemplated by the terms of this Agreement or caused by the Transactions. 

(c) Closing Deliverables. Purchaser shall
have delivered to the Seller the closing deliveries required to be delivered by Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.8(a), Section 2.8(b) and Section 2.8(c). 

8.4 Waiver of Condition; Frustration of Conditions. All conditions to the Closing shall be deemed to have been satisfied
or waived from and after the Closing. Neither Purchaser nor the Seller may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in this Article 8, as applicable, to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such partys failure to use, as
required by this Agreement, its reasonable best efforts to consummate the Transactions. 

8.5 Delivery of a Notice of Readiness
to Close. At any time after the Sellers satisfaction of its conditions to Closing in accordance with the terms of Section 8.1 and Section 8.2 of this Agreement, the Seller may deliver
a notice to Purchaser (a Notice of Readiness to Close). Purchaser shall have three (3) Business Days from delivery of a Notice of Readiness to Close to satisfy its conditions to Closing in accordance with the
terms of Section 8.1 and Section 8.3 of this Agreement and consummate the Transactions, provided, however, that Purchaser shall not be required to do so earlier than December 30,
2024, without the written consent of Purchaser. If Purchaser does not satisfy its conditions to Closing and consummate the Transactions within that period, Purchaser shall forfeit the entire Deposit Escrow Amount to the Seller. 

ARTICLE 9 

TERMINATION

9.1 Events of Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Agreement may be terminated and the
Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior to the Closing: 

(a) by mutual written consent of Purchaser and the Seller; 

(b) automatically, upon the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Transferred Assets to a
Person other than Purchaser (each, an Alternate Transaction); 

(c) by Purchaser if one or more Orders
granting any of the following relief are entered for any reason and not vacated within fourteen (14) days after entry: (i) dismissing the Bankruptcy Case; (ii) converting the Bankruptcy Case from Chapter 11 to Chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code; (3) appointing a trustee in the Bankruptcy Case, and/or (4) appointing, under Bankruptcy Code Section 1106(b), in the Bankruptcy Case a responsible officer or an examiner with enlarged powers relating to the operation
of the Business (beyond those powers set forth in Section 1106(a)(3) or Section 1106(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code). 

32 

(d) by Purchaser, by written notice from Purchaser to the Seller, if there has been a
breach or inaccuracy of a covenant, representation or warranty made by the Seller in this Agreement, such that the conditions in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 are not capable of being satisfied and
which breach is incapable of being cured or, if capable of being cured, has not been cured by the Seller prior to the earlier of (i) 20 Business Days after receipt of written notice from Purchaser requesting such breach be cured or
(ii) the Outside Date; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(d) shall not be available to Purchaser if the failure of Purchaser to fulfill any of its
obligations under this Agreement has been the primary cause of, or resulted in, such breach, or if the conditions in Section 8.1 or Section 8.3 are not capable of being satisfied because there is
then a breach or inaccuracy of a covenant, representation or warranty made by Purchaser in this Agreement; 

(e) by the Seller, by
written notice from the Seller to Purchaser, if there has been a breach or inaccuracy of a covenant, representation or warranty made by Purchaser in this Agreement, such that the conditions in Section 8.1 or
Section 8.3 are not capable of being satisfied and which breach is incapable of being cured or, if capable of being cured, has not been cured by Purchaser prior to the earlier of (i) 20 Business Days after receipt of
written notice from the Seller requesting such breach be cured or (ii) the Outside Date; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(e) shall not be
available to the Seller if the failure of the Seller to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement has been the primary cause of, or resulted in, such breach, or if the conditions in Section 8.1 or
Section 8.2 are not capable of being satisfied because there is then a breach or inaccuracy of a covenant, representation or warranty made by the Seller in this Agreement; 

(f) by Purchaser or the Seller, by written notice from Purchaser or the Seller to the other, if any Governmental Authority of competent
jurisdiction shall have issued an Order, enacted any Applicable Law or taken any other action restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Transactions and, in the case of Orders and other actions, such Order or other
action shall have become Final Orders; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(f) shall not be available to the party seeking to terminate if any action of
such party or any failure of such party to act has contributed to such Order or other action and such action or failure constitutes a breach of this Agreement; or 

(g) by Purchaser or the Seller, by written notice from Purchaser or the Seller to the other, if the Closing has not occurred on or prior
to December 30, 2024 (the Outside Date); provided, however, that the party exercising the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(g) shall not have been
responsible for such failure of the Closing to occur through a breach or inaccuracy of a covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement; and provided, further, that Purchaser may not terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 9.1(g) if Seller has delivered a Notice of Readiness to Close in accordance with Section 8.5. 

9.2 Effect of Termination. 

(a) In the event that this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 9.1, (a) Purchaser and its
representatives shall promptly return all documents, work papers and other materials of the Seller including any confidential information and (b) all further obligations of the parties hereto under this Agreement shall terminate without further
Liability or obligation to the 

33 

other parties hereto; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Liabilities and obligations under (i) the Confidentiality Agreement, and
(ii) Section 2.9(c), Section 6.2(c), Section 6.5(b), Section 7.4, Section 8.5 (with reference to the Deposit
Escrow Amount), this Section 9.2 and Article 10 shall continue in full force and effect. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 9.1, the maximum aggregate liability of Purchaser for money damages in respect of any losses, damages, costs or expenses of Seller relating to the failure of the transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated or
a breach of this Agreement by Purchaser in the absence of a Closing shall be limited to the Deposit Escrow Amount (the Liability Limitation), and in no event shall the Seller seek any amount in excess of the Liability
Limitation in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or in respect of any other document or theory of law or equity or in respect of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith, whether
at law or in equity, whether in contract, tort or otherwise. 

(c) If this Agreement (x) has been terminated by either party
other than pursuant to Section 9.1(e) hereof and (y) Seller is not entitled to payment of the Deposit Escrow Amount pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof, the Seller shall return the entire Deposit Escrow Amount to Purchaser within one
(1) Business Day after the earliest of the following: (i) in the case of termination under Section 9.1(a), (d), (f) or (g), the date of the written notice referred to therein; (ii) in the case of termination under
Section 9.1(b), the date of the closing of an Alternative Transaction; and (iii) in the case of termination under Section 9.1(c), the expiration of the fourteen-day(14-day) period described in Section 9.1(c). 

9.3 [Intentionally omitted.] 

ARTICLE 10 

GENERAL
PROVISIONS 

10.1 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants.All covenants and
agreements contained in this Agreement that by their term are to be performed in whole or in part, or which prohibit actions, subsequent to Closing shall, solely to the extent such covenants and agreements are to be performed, or prohibit actions,
subsequent to Closing, survive the Closing in accordance with their terms until fully performed or satisfied. All other covenants and agreements contained herein, and all representations and warranties contained herein or in any certificated
deliveries hereunder shall not survive Closing and shall therefore terminate, including any Action for damages in respect of any breach or inaccuracy thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 2.9(c),
Section 6.2(c), Section 6.5(b), Section 7.4, Section 9.2 and this Article 10 shall survive the Closing. 

10.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto, the Confidentiality
Agreement and the Related Documents, contain the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein. This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, arrangements, contracts,
discussions, negotiations, undertakings and understandings (including any letters of intent or term sheets), whether written or oral, among the parties with respect to such subject matter (other than, for the

34 

avoidance of doubt, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Related Documents) or any prior course of dealings. The parties hereto have voluntarily agreed to define their rights, Liabilities and
obligations respecting the Transactions exclusively in contract pursuant to the express terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Related Documents, and the parties hereto expressly disclaim that they are owed any
duties or entitled to any remedies not expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Related Documents. Furthermore, the parties each hereby acknowledge that this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement and the
Related Documents embody the justifiable expectations of sophisticated parties derived from arms-length negotiations, and all parties to this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement and the Related
Documents specifically acknowledge that no party has any special relationship with another party that would justify any expectation beyond that of an ordinary purchaser and an ordinary seller in an
arms-length transaction. The sole and exclusive remedies for any Related Claims shall be those remedies available at law or in equity for breach of contract only (as such contractual remedies have been
further limited or excluded pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement); and the parties hereby agree that neither party hereto shall have any remedies or cause of action (whether in contract or in tort or otherwise) on account of any
statements, communications, disclosures, failures to disclose, representations or warranties not set forth in this Agreement. 

10.3 Amendment; No Waiver. This Agreement and the Related Documents may be amended, supplemented or changed, and any
provision hereof or thereof can be waived, only by a written instrument making specific reference to this Agreement (and, if applicable, the Related Documents) executed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement,
modification or waiver is sought. The waiver by any party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement or the Related Documents shall not operate or be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or
subsequent breach. No failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise of such right, power or remedy by such
party preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. 

10.4 Severability;
Specific Versus General Provisions. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement and the Related Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under Applicable Law, but if any term or other provision of
this Agreement or the Related Documents is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any Applicable Law or public policy, all other terms or provisions of this Agreement and the Related Documents shall nevertheless remain in full force and
effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the Transactions is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, in
whole or in part, such term or provision is hereby deemed modified to give effect to the original written intent of the parties to the greatest extent consistent with being valid and enforceable under Applicable Law. No party hereto shall assert,
and Purchaser shall cause its Affiliates or related parties not to assert, that this Agreement or any part hereof is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent that a representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement of the Seller contained in this Agreement or the Schedules (each, a Provision) addresses a particular issue with specificity (a Specific Provision), and no breach by the Seller exists
under such Specific Provision, the Seller shall not be deemed to be in breach of any other 

35 

Provision (with respect to such issue) that addresses such issue with less specificity than the Specific Provision, and if such Specific Provision is qualified or limited by the Sellers
Knowledge, or in any other manner, no other Provision shall supersede or limit such qualification in any manner. 

10.5 Expenses and Obligations. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred by the
parties hereto in connection with the Transactions, including the costs, expenses and disbursements of counsel and accountants, shall be borne solely and entirely by the party that has incurred such expenses. 

10.6 Notices. All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications under this Agreement or the Related Documents must
be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given (a) if personally delivered, on the date of delivery, (b) if delivered by express courier service of national standing for next day delivery (with charges prepaid), on the Business
Day following the date of delivery to such courier service, (c) if delivered by electronic mail (unless the sender receives an automated message that the email has not been delivered)on the date of transmission if on a Business Day
before 5:00 p.m. local time of the business address of the recipient party (otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day) and (d) if deposited in the United States mail, first-class postage prepaid, on the date of delivery, in each case to the
appropriate addresses or email addresses set forth below (or to such other addresses as a party may designate by notice to the other parties in accordance with this Section 10.6): 

If to Purchaser: 

Seattle
Project Corp. 

c/o Incorporating Services, Ltd. 

3500 South DuPont Highway 

Dover, DE 19901 

Attention:
General Counsel 

with a copy to (which will not constitute notice): 

Quarles & Brady LLP 

One Renaissance Square 

Two
North Central Avenue, Suite 600 

Phoenix, AZ 85004 

Attention: John A. Harris and Christopher Combest 

Email: 

If to the Seller: 

Gritstone bio, Inc. 

5959 Horton Street, Suite 300 

Emeryville, CA 94608 

Attention: Celia Economides 

Email: 

36 

with a copy to (which will not constitute notice): 

Fenwick & West LLP 

902
Broadway, 18th Floor 

New York, NY 10010 

Attention: Ethan Skerry 

Email: 

and 

Pachulski Stang
Ziehl & Jones LLP 

One Sansome Street, Suite 3430 

San Francisco, CA 94104 

Attention: Debra Grassgreen; John Lucas; Maxim Litvak 

Email: 

10.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (any of which may be delivered by electronic
transmission), each of which shall constitute an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by electronic transmission in .PDF
format, or other agreed format shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Minor variations in the form of the signature page, including footers from earlier versions of this Agreement or any Related
Document, shall be disregarded in determining the partys intent or the effectiveness of such signature. 

10.8 Governing
Law. This Agreement, the Related Documents and all Related Claims shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (including its statute of limitations), without giving effect to any choice or conflict of
law principles or rules that would cause the application of the Applicable Laws of any other jurisdiction. 

10.9 

Submission to Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 

(a) Without limiting any partys right to appeal any Order of the Bankruptcy Court, (i) the Bankruptcy Court shall retain
exclusive jurisdiction to interpret and/or enforce the terms of this Agreement and to decide any claims or disputes which may arise or result from, or be connected with, this Agreement, any Related Document, any breach or default hereunder or
thereunder, or the Transactions, and (ii) any and all proceedings related to the foregoing shall be filed and maintained only in the Bankruptcy Court, and the parties hereby consent to and submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the Bankruptcy
Court and shall receive notices at such locations as indicated in Section 10.6; provided, however, that if the Bankruptcy Case has closed, the parties agree to irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal courts of the United States of America and the courts of the State of
Delaware, in each case, located within the City of Wilmington in the State of Delaware over all Related Claims, and each party hereto hereby irrevocably agrees that all Related Claims may be heard and determined in such courts. The parties hereto
hereby irrevocably and 

37 

unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such Related Claim brought in such court
or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such dispute. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a judgment in any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
Applicable Law. 

(b) Each of the parties hereto hereby consents to process being served by any party to this Agreement in any
Related Claim by the delivery of a copy thereof in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 (other than by email) along with a notification that service of process is being served in conformance with this
Section 10.9(b). Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to serve process in any other manner permitted by Applicable Law. 

10.10 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS OR ANY RELATED CLAIMS IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
PROCEEDING OR RELATED CLAIM BROUGHT BY OR AGAINST IT, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS OR ANY RELATED CLAIMS. 

10.11 Rights Cumulative. All rights and remedies of each of the parties under this Agreement and the Related Documents
will be cumulative, and the exercise of one or more rights or remedies will not preclude the exercise of any other right or remedy available under this Agreement, the Related Documents or Applicable Law. 

10.12 Assignment. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding
upon, the successors by operation of law and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. No assignment of this Agreement or any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement may be made by any party hereto at any time, whether or not by
operation of law, without the prior written consent of the Seller and Purchaser, and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void; provided, however, that (a) Purchaser may assign (i) any of its rights
or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, and (ii) its rights, but not its duties, under this Agreement to any of its financing sources and (b) the Seller may assign any of its rights or delegate any of
its duties under this Agreement to any successor thereto, including any liquidating trustee or other agent; provided, further, however, that, in each case, such assignment shall not release Purchaser from its obligations under
this Agreement and the Seller shall have no obligation to pursue remedies against any assignee of Purchaser before proceeding against Purchaser for any breach of Purchasers obligations hereunder. 

10.13 Specific Enforcement; Remedies. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage (for which monetary
relief, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy) would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by the parties hereto in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that (i) each party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of competent

38 

jurisdiction without proof of damages or otherwise and that this shall include the right of each party to cause the other party to fully perform the terms of this Agreement to the fullest extent
permissible pursuant to this Agreement and Applicable Laws and to thereafter cause this Agreement and the Transactions to be consummated on the terms and subject to the conditions thereto set forth in this Agreement, and (ii) the right of
specific performance and other equitable relief is an integral part of the Transactions and without that right neither party would have entered into this Agreement. 

10.14 Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

39 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
as of the date first written above. 

PURCHASER:

SEATTLE PROJECT CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Gritstone SPC Asset Purchase Agreement SPC signature page

SELLER:

GRITSTONE BIO, INC.

By: 

Name: Celia Economides

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Gritstone SPC Asset Purchase Agreement Gritstone signature page

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

EXHIBIT B 

Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Contracts) 

EXHIBIT C 

Sale Order
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>grtsq-20241230.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>grtsq-20241230_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>grtsq-20241230_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Dec. 30, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 30, 2024

Entity Registrant Name Gritstone bio, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38663

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4859534

Entity Address Address Line 1 5959 Horton Street, Suite 300

Entity Address City Or Town Emeryville

Entity Address State Or Province CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 94608

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 871-6100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol GRTSQ

Security Exchange Name NONE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001656634

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://gritstonebio.com//20241230/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d905705d8k.htm 
grtsq-20241230.xsd 
grtsq-20241230_lab.xml 
grtsq-20241230_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-001488-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d905705d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001656634 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

NONE 
false 
0001656634 
8-K 
2024-12-30 
Gritstone bio, Inc. 
DE 
001-38663 
47-4859534 
5959 Horton Street, Suite 300 
Emeryville 
CA 
94608 
510 
871-6100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
GRTSQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>