<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-058979.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-058979.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320160801
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-058979
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dyne Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001818794
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				364883909
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39509
		FILM NUMBER:		25756498

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1560 TRAPELO ROAD
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 786-8230

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1560 TRAPELO ROAD
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d788212d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000181879400018187942025-03-172025-03-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025

Dyne Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-39509 36-4883909

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1560 Trapelo Road

Waltham, Massachusetts 02451

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (781)786-8230

Not applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share DYN Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

On March 20, 2025, Dyne Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) announced that its Board of Directors (the Board) had appointed Erick Lucera as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, effective as of March 31, 2025 (the Effective Date). In addition, Mr. Lucera will serve as the Companys principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. 

Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, Mr. Lucera, age 57, served as the Chief Financial Officer of Editas Medicine, Inc., a biotechnology company, from May 2023 to March 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Lucera served as the Chief Financial Officer of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company, from January 2020 until its acquisition by LG Chem, Ltd. in March 2023. From August 2016 to January 2020, Mr. Lucera served as Chief Financial Officer of Valeritas Holdings, Inc., a commercial-stage medical technology company. Mr. Lucera has served on the boards of directors of Beyond Air, Inc., a public commercial-stage medical device and biopharmaceutical company, since August 2017 and SAB Biotherapeutics, Inc., a public clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, since April 2023. He previously served on the board of directors of Bone Biologics Corporation, a public medical device company, from October 2021 until December 2023. Mr. Lucera holds a C.P.H. from Harvard University, an M.S. in finance from Boston College, an MBA from Indiana University, Bloomington, and a B.S. in accounting from the University of Delaware. Mr. Lucera currently holds a CFA designation. 

Pursuant to an offer letter (the Offer Letter), dated March 18, 2025, between the Company and Mr. Lucera governing the terms of his employment, Mr. Lucera will be paid an annualized base salary of $520,000 and will be eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus of up to 40.0% of his annualized base salary for each fiscal year, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Also, as a condition to his employment and pursuant to the Offer Letter, Mr. Lucera entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement and an invention and non-disclosure agreement with the Company. 

In addition, pursuant to the Offer Letter, the Company has granted to Mr. Lucera (i) a nonstatutory stock option (the Option) to purchase up to 214,500 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) and (ii) a restricted stock unit (the RSU) award to purchase 66,100 shares of Common Stock, such grants to be effective as of the Effective Date. The Option will have an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the Effective Date and is scheduled to vest as to 25% of the shares underlying the Option on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter, subject to continued service. The RSUs are scheduled to vest as to 25% of the shares in equal annual installments over four years from the Effective Date. The Option and RSUs were granted pursuant to the Companys 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan as an inducement material to Mr. Luceras acceptance of employment with the Company in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). 

In addition, Mr. Lucera will be eligible for severance benefits pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Companys Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefits Plan (the Severance Plan), the form of which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39509) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 3, 2022. 

In addition, Mr. Lucera will enter into an indemnification agreement with the Company, the form of which was filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248414) filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020, pursuant to which the Company may be required, among other things, to indemnify Mr. Lucera for certain expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by him in any action or proceeding arising out of his service as an officer of the Company. 

There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Lucera and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Lucera was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. There are no related party transactions between the Company and Mr. Lucera reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K and no family relationships between Mr. Lucera and any of the Companys directors or officers. 

The foregoing description of the Offer Letter does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Offer Letter, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Separation of Former Senior Vice President, Head of Finance & Administration and Treasurer 

In connection with the hiring and appointment of Mr. Lucera as Chief Financial Officer, Richard Scalzo, the Companys Senior Vice President, Head of Finance & Administration and Treasurer, will cease to serve in those positions and leave the Company as of the Effective Date. Mr. Scalzo has agreed to serve as a consultant to the Company following the end of his employment. 

Under the Severance Plan, Mr. Scalzo is entitled to payment of his base salary for a period of nine months from the Effective Date and health coverage continuation under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, for a period of up to nine months from the Effective Date, subject to his execution of a separation agreement, which agreement shall contain a general release of claims against the Company. 

The Company and Mr. Scalzo expect to enter into a Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement), under which Mr. Scalzo will provide the Company consulting services for up to a six-month term. In consideration for his services, any and all outstanding and unvested equity awards held by Mr. Scalzo as of the Effective Date will continue to vest in accordance with and subject to the terms of the applicable equity plans under which such awards were granted and the award agreements evidencing such awards. In addition, the three-month post-termination exercise period set forth in the award agreements for the stock options held by Mr. Scalzo as of the Effective Date shall be extended until the earlier of (i) six months from the termination or expiration of the Consulting Agreement and (ii) the final exercise date provided for in the award agreements, subject to the terms of the applicable award agreements and equity plans governing such stock options. 

The Consulting Agreement may be terminated prior to the end of the Consulting Period (1) by the Company at any time immediately upon written notice if Mr. Scalzo materially breaches the Consulting Agreement or the non-competition and non-solicitation and invention and non-disclosure agreements Mr. Scalzo previously entered into with the Company, (2) by Mr. Scalzo at any time immediately upon written notice if the Company has materially breached the Consulting Agreement, (3) by Mr. Scalzo or the Company upon not less than 30 days prior written notice, or (4) at any time upon the mutual written consent of Mr. Scalzo and the Company. 

The foregoing description of the Consulting Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Consulting Agreement, a copy of which will be filed with the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2025. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits: 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Offer Letter, dated March 18, 2025, between the Company and Erick Lucera.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

DYNE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: March 20, 2025 By: 

/s/ John G. Cox

Name: John G. Cox

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d788212dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Erick J. Lucera March 18, 2025

[***] 

Dear Erick: 

On
behalf of Dyne Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company), I am pleased to offer you employment in the position of Chief Financial Officer. This letter summarizes the initial terms of your employment with the Company. 

1. Position. You will be employed by the Company on a full-time basis, reporting to the Companys President & Chief Executive Officer or
his/her designee. You will work out of the Companys office in Waltham, Massachusetts or at such other office as the Company may designate. You agree to devote your full business time, best efforts, skill, knowledge, attention and energies to
the advancement of the Companys business and interests and to the performance of your duties and responsibilities as an employee of the Company, and shall not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity that may pose
a conflict of interest or appearance of a conflict of interest with the Company without the prior written consent of the Company. 

2. Start Date.
Your employment will begin on March 31, 2025 (the Start Date). 

3. Salary. During your employment, the Company will pay you a base
salary at the rate of $21,666.67 per regular semi-monthly pay period (annualized rate $520,000 per year), payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company and subject to applicable deductions and withholdings. This salary will
be subject to periodic review and adjustments at the Companys discretion. You will be paid on the 1st and 15th of each month. 

4. Annual
Bonus. Following the end of each fiscal year, you will be eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus of up to 40% of your gross base pay during that fiscal year. Your 2025 bonus will not be pro-rated
even though you are starting after January 1 of the fiscal year. Any actual bonus awarded for a fiscal year will be based on your performance and the Companys performance that year against criteria to be established by the Company, both
as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. To receive payment, you must be actively employed at Dyne on the payment date, except as otherwise provided in the Companys Severance Plan (as defined below). As such, you will not receive
payment if you have given or received notice of termination prior to the payment date, except as otherwise provided in the Severance Plan. 

5.
Equity. As a material inducement to you entering into employment with the Company and in consideration of your agreement in Section 9 to adhere to the non-competition provisions set forth in the Non-Competition Agreement (as defined below), the Company shall grant to you no later than thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement, a stock option (the Option) for the purchase of an
aggregate of 214,500 shares of common stock and 66,100 shares of restricted 

stock unit (the RSU) of common stock of the Company under the Companys 2024 Stock
Inducement Plan (the Plan). The Option will have an exercise price per share equal to the last reported sale price per share of the common stock on the Nasdaq stock exchange on the grant date of the Option, will be a non-qualified stock option for United States tax purposes, will vest as to 25% of the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the Start Date and with respect to the balance of the underlying shares in 12 equal
quarterly installments thereafter and will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of a stock option agreement and the Plan. The RSUs will vest 25% equally over 4 years on the anniversary of the grant date. 

6. Severance Benefits. You are eligible for severance benefits pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Companys Amended and Restated
Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefits Plan, as amended and restated by the Board on December 10, 2021, and as may be amended from time to time (the Severance Plan). Notwithstanding any contrary or inconsistent provision
in the Severance Plan, (i) any reduction in Contingent Compensation Payments otherwise pursuant to the provisions of Section 14 of the Severance Plan which are due you as a Participant under the Severance Plan shall be reduced in a manner
that maximizes your economic after-tax position, (ii) any determination under the second sentence of Section 14(d) of the Severance Plan by the Company in respect of you as a Participant thereunder
shall be made in writing in good faith using an independent accounting firm selected by the Company that is reasonably acceptable to you (the Accountants) and the calculations of the Accountants shall be provided to the Company and you,
and (iii) any such reduction shall be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code (as such terms are defined in the Severance Plan). 

7.
Benefits. As a full-time, regular employee, you are eligible for the standard Dyne benefit programs, as outlined in the Companys Benefits Summary. You may participate in the benefit programs offered by the Company, provided that you are
eligible under (and subject to all provisions of) the plan documents that govern those programs. The benefits programs are made available by the Company, and the benefits available under such programs, as well as the rules, terms and conditions for
participation in such benefits programs, may be changed by and at the sole discretion of the Company at any time without advance notice (other than as required by such programs or under law). 

8. Time Off Benefit. The Company does not offer a specific number of vacation, personal or sick days. Instead, the Company has an open policy of taking
days off based on an employees reasonable discretion and the Companys business needs, with prior approval from the employees manager and as much advance notice as possible where permitted by the circumstances, as outlined in the
Personal Time Off (PTO) policy. This policy may be changed by and at the sole discretion of the Company at any time. 

9. Taxes. All forms of
compensation referred to in this letter are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. You hereby acknowledge that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation
policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, that you are solely responsible for individual tax liabilities arising from your compensation and that you will not make any claim against the Company or the Board related to tax liabilities
arising from your compensation. 

10. Restrictive Covenant Agreements and Representation Regarding Other Obligations. You will be required to sign,
as a condition of your employment, a Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the Non-Competition Agreement)
attached as Appendix A and an Invention and Non-Disclosure Agreement, attached as Appendix B (collectively, the 

- 2 - 

Restrictive Covenant Agreements). You acknowledge that the Companys agreement to grant you the equity grant provided in the Equity Section (Section 5) above is contingent upon
your agreement to adhere to the non-competition provisions set forth in the Non-Competition Agreement, and that such consideration was mutually agreed upon by you and
the Company and is fair and reasonable in exchange for your compliance with the non-competition obligations. You represent that you are not bound by any employment contract, restrictive covenant or other
restriction preventing you from entering into employment with or carrying out your responsibilities for the Company, or which is in any way inconsistent with the terms of this letter. You further represent that you have not used and will not use or
disclose or induce the Company to use, any trade secret or other proprietary information or material of any previous employer or any other party. 

11. Indemnification. You shall be covered by all applicable indemnification and expense advancement policies of the Company applicable to senior
executive officers generally and shall also be covered by any directors and officers liability insurance policy applicable to senior executive officers of the Company. 

12. Clawback Policy. You agree that you shall be subject to, and bound by, the terms and conditions of the Companys Clawback Policy (as it may be
amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Policy), a copy of which has been provided to or made available you. In the event it is determined in accordance with the Policy that any compensation or
compensatory award granted, earned, or paid to you must be forfeited or reimbursed to the Company, you will promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such forfeiture and/or reimbursement as determined by the Company. 

13. Eligibility to Work. Your employment with the Company is conditioned on your eligibility to work in the United States and your providing to the
Company satisfactory proof of identification and of authorization to work in the United States, in accordance with the Immigration and Control Act of 1986 within three days of your start date. Furthermore, you may need a work visa in order to be
eligible to work in the United States. If that is the case, your employment will be conditioned upon your obtaining a work visa in a timely manner as determined by the Company and maintaining such visa throughout your tenure with the Company, as it
is Company policy to comply with all immigration laws and regulations. 

14. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. This letter and the
Restrictive Covenant Agreements constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company, contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral
or implied) between you and the Company. The terms of this letter and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter, your
employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (the Disputes) will be governed by Massachusetts law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive
personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 

15. Company Policies. As an employee of the Company, you will be required to comply with all Company policies and procedures. Violations of the
Companys policies may lead to immediate termination of your employment. Further, the Companys premises, including all 

- 3 - 

workspaces, furniture, documents, and other tangible materials, and all information technology resources of the Company (including computers, data and other electronic files, and all internet,
Teams/Google/Slack and other chat and email usage) are subject to oversight and inspection by the Company at any time. Company employees should have no expectation of privacy with regard to any Company premises, materials, resources, or information.

16. Other Terms. Your employment with the Company will be on an at will basis. In other words, you or the Company may terminate your
employment for any reason and at any time, with or without cause or notice. This letter shall not be construed as an agreement, either express or implied, to employ you for any stated term, and shall in no way alter the Companys policy of
employment at-will as defined by applicable law. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Companys benefit plans and personnel policies and procedures, may change from
time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and the Head of HR at the Company. 

17. Contingency. This offer is subject to satisfactory background and reference checks, including our receiving at least two satisfactory professional
references. 

By signing this offer letter and the Restrictive Covenant Agreements, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of employment and at-will employment set forth in this letter and the Restrictive Covenant Agreements. This letter, together with the Restrictive Covenant Agreements, sets forth the terms of your employment with the Company and
supersedes any prior representations or agreements, whether written or oral. By signing this letter, you are acknowledging that you are not aware of any representations or agreements other than those specifically set forth in this letter and the
Restrictive Covenant Agreements. This offer is contingent upon your signing the Restrictive Covenant Agreements, this letter and any other Company-required agreements and documents prior to your first day of employment. We are excited about the
prospect of having you join the Company. We look forward to receiving a response from you within three business days acknowledging, by signing below, that you have accepted this offer of employment on the terms set forth herein, including that you
must deliver signed copies of the Restrictive Covenant Agreements on or before your first day of employment. If you do not accept this offer within three business days or if you do not deliver signed copies of the Restrictive Covenant Agreements on
or before your first day of employment, this offer will be deemed revoked. 

Very Truly Yours,

DYNE THERAPEUTICS, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Lucia Celona

Name: Lucia Celona

Title: Chief Human Resources Officer

I have read and accept this at-will employment offer on the terms set forth
herein: 

/s/ Erick Lucera 

3/18/2025

Signature Date

- 4 - 

Appendix A 

DYNE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT 

This Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the
Agreement) is made between Dyne Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to collectively with its subsidiaries as the Company), and the undersigned employee (the Employee). 

For good consideration, including, without limitation, the employment of the Employee by the Company and, with respect to the non-competition restrictions, the additional consideration set forth in Section 1(c), the Employee and the Company agree as follows: 

1. Non-Competition. 

(a) During the Restricted Period (as defined below), the Employee will not, in the Applicable Territory (as defined below), directly or
indirectly, whether as an owner, partner, officer, director, employee, consultant, investor, lender or otherwise, except as the passive holder of not more than 1% of the outstanding stock of a publicly-held company, engage or assist others in
engaging in any business or enterprise that is competitive with the Companys business (including, without limitation, its activities related to the Field (as defined below)), including but not limited to any business or enterprise that
researches, develops, manufactures, markets, licenses, sells or provides any product or service that competes with any product or service researched, developed, manufactured, marketed, licensed, sold or provided, or planned to be researched,
developed, manufactured, marketed, licensed, sold or provided by the Company (a Competitive Company), if the Employee would be performing a job or job duties or services for the Competitive Company that is or are similar to the job or
job duties or services that the Employee performed for the Company at any time during the last two (2) years of the Employees employment. 

(b) Certain Definitions. Solely for purposes of this Section 1: 

i. the Restricted Period shall include the duration of the Employees employment with the Company and the
twelve (12) month period thereafter; provided, however, that the Restricted Period shall automatically be extended to two (2) years following the cessation of the Employees employment if the Employee breaches a fiduciary duty to the
Company or the Employee unlawfully takes, physically or electronically, any property belonging to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Restricted Period shall end immediately upon the Employees last day of employment with the
Company if: (x) the Company terminates the Employees employment other than for Cause (as defined below); or (y) the Company notifies the Employee in writing that it is waiving the post-employment restrictions set forth in this
Section 1 (such notice to be provided no later than the Employees last day of employment or by the seventh (7th) business day following an Employees notice of resignation, if later). 

ii. Applicable Territory shall mean the geographic areas in which the Employee provided services or had a material
presence or influence at any time during his/her last two (2) years of employment with the Company or the employees 

- 5 - 

entire time with the Company if less than two (2) years. As an employee in the Companys highly specialized Field, the Employee acknowledges that the Employees duties and
responsibilities require the Employee to have a material presence and/or influence anywhere that the Company does business or reasonably has been planning to do business in the future. 

iii. Cause shall mean any of: (a) the Employees conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to,
any crime involving dishonesty or moral turpitude, or any felony; or (b) a good faith finding by the Company in its sole discretion that the Employee has (i) engaged in dishonesty, misconduct or gross negligence; (ii) committed an act
that injures or would reasonably be expected to injure the reputation, business or business relationships of the Company; (iii) breached the terms of this Agreement or any other restrictive covenant or confidentiality agreement with or policy
of the Company; (iv) failed or refused to comply with any of the Companys policies or procedures; or (v) failed to perform the Employees duties and/or responsibilities to the Companys satisfaction. 

iv. Field shall mean targeting binder conjugates, including antibody conjugates, and other similar modalities for
the treatment of muscle disease. 

(c) Additional Consideration for Non-Competition
Restrictions. In exchange for the Employees compliance with the restrictions set forth in this Section 1, and as more fully set forth in the Employees offer letter to which this Agreement is attached, the Company, subject to
approval of its Board of Directors where applicable, has agreed to grant the Employee a restricted stock award for shares of the Companys common stock or a stock option to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, under the
Companys 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. The Employee understands and agrees that the above-stated consideration has been mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Employee, is fair and reasonable, and is sufficient consideration in exchange for
the restrictions set forth in this Section 1. 

2. Non-Solicitation. 

(a) While the Employee is employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination or cessation of such
employment for any reason, the Employee will not directly or indirectly: 

(i) Either alone or in association with others, solicit, divert
or take away, or attempt to divert or take away, the business or patronage of any of the actual or prospective clients, customers, accounts or business partners of the Company which were contacted, solicited, or served by the Company during the
Employees employment with the Company; or 

(ii) Either alone or in association with others (I) solicit, induce or attempt to
induce, any employee or independent contractor of the Company to terminate his or her employment or other engagement with the Company, or (II) hire or recruit, or attempt to hire or recruit, or engage or attempt to engage as an independent
contractor, any person who was employed or otherwise engaged by the Company at any time during the term of the Employees employment with the Company; provided, that this clause (II) shall not apply to the recruitment or hiring or
other engagement of any individual whose employment or other engagement with the 

- 6 - 

Company ended at least six (6) months before the recruitment, hiring, or other engagement. 

(b) If the Employee violates the provisions of any of the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2, the Employee shall continue to be bound
by the restrictions set forth in such paragraph until a period of twelve (12) months has expired without any violation of such provisions. Further, the twelve (12) month post-employment restrictions set forth in this Section 2 shall
be extended to two (2) years if the Employee breaches a fiduciary duty to the Company or the Employee unlawfully takes, physically or electronically, any property belonging to the Company. 

3. Notice of New Business Activities. The Employee agrees that during any period of time when the Employee is subject to restrictions
pursuant to either Section 1 or Section 2, the Employee will notify any prospective employer or business associate of the terms and existence of this Agreement and the Employees continuing obligations to the Company hereunder. The
Employee further agrees, during such period, to give notice to the Company of each new business activity the Employee plans to undertake, at least (10) business days prior to beginning any such activity. The notice shall state the name and
address of the individual, corporation, association or other entity or organization (Entity) for whom such activity is undertaken and the name of the Employees business relationship or position with the Entity. The Employee also
agrees to provide the Company with other pertinent information concerning such business activity as the Company may reasonably request in order to determine the Employees continued compliance with his/her obligations under this Agreement. 

4. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Equitable Remedies. The Employee acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and are considered by the Employee to be reasonable for such purpose.
The Employee agrees that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement is likely to cause the Company substantial and irrevocable damage which is difficult to measure. Therefore, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Employee
agrees that the Company, in addition to such other remedies which may be available, shall have the right to obtain an injunction from a court restraining such a breach or threatened breach without posting a bond and the right to specific performance
of the provisions of this Agreement and the Employee hereby waives the adequacy of a remedy at law as a defense to such relief. Additionally, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that the non-solicitation
obligations herein are essential to the protection of the Companys legitimate business interests and further that such interests cannot be adequately protected without the non-competition obligations set
forth in Section 1. 

(b) Disclosure of this Agreement. The Employee hereby authorizes the Company to notify others, including
but not limited to customers of the Company and any of the Employees future employers or prospective business associates, of the terms and existence of this Agreement and the Employees continuing obligations to the Company hereunder.

(c) Obligations to Third Parties. The Employee represents that, except as the Employee has disclosed in writing to the Company, the
Employee is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from using or disclosing any trade secret or confidential or proprietary information in the course of his/her employment with the Company, to
refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such 

- 7 - 

previous employer or any other party, or to refrain from soliciting employees, customers or suppliers of such previous employer or other party. The Employee further represents that his/her
performance of all the terms of this Agreement and the performance of his/her duties as an employee of the Company does not and will not conflict with or breach any agreement with any prior employer or other party (including, without limitation, any
nondisclosure or non-competition agreement), and that the Employee will not disclose to the Company or induce the Company to use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any
previous employer or others. 

(d) Not Employment Contract. The Employee acknowledges that this Agreement does not constitute a
contract of employment, does not imply that the Company will continue his/her employment for any period of time, and does not change the at-will nature of his/her employment. 

(e) Acknowledgments. The Employee acknowledges that he or she was provided this Agreement by the earlier of the date of (x) a
formal offer of employment, and (y) ten (10) business days prior to the Employees commencement of employment with the Company. 

The Employee
further acknowledges that he or she has the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement. 

(f) Successors and
Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of both parties and their respective successors and assigns, including any corporation or entity with which, or into which, the Company may be merged or which may succeed to
all or substantially all of the Companys assets or business, provided, however, that the obligations of the Employee are personal and shall not be assigned by him or her. The Employee expressly consents to be bound by the provisions of this
Agreement for the benefit of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof to whose employ the Employee may be transferred without the necessity that this Agreement be re-signed at the time of such
transfer, in which event Company shall be interpreted to include any successor or assign of the Company. 

(g)
Interpretation. If any restriction or definition set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 is found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it extends for too long a period of time or over too great a range of
conduct, activities, or geographic area, it shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time, range of conduct, activities or geographic area as to which it may be enforceable. 

(h) Severability. In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(i) Waivers. No delay or omission
by the Company in exercising any right under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right. A waiver or consent given by the Company on any one occasion is effective only in that instance and will not be construed as a bar to or
waiver of any right on any other occasion. 

(j) Governing Law and Consent To Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of 

- 8 - 

Massachusetts (without reference to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof). Any action, suit, or other legal proceeding which is commenced to resolve any matter arising under or relating to
any provision of this Agreement shall be commenced only in a court in Suffolk County, Massachusetts (or, if appropriate, a federal court located within Massachusetts), and the Company and the Employee each consents to the jurisdiction of such
courts. The Company and the Employee each hereby irrevocably waives any right to a trial by jury in any action, suit or other legal proceeding arising under or relating to any provision of this Agreement. 

(k) Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between the Employee and the Company
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified, changed or discharged in whole or in part, except by an agreement in writing signed by the Employee and the Company. The Employee agrees that any change or changes
in his/her duties, authority, title, reporting relationship, territory, salary or compensation after the signing of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 

(l) Captions. The captions of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit or affect
the scope or substance of any section of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

- 9 - 

THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE/SHE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTANDS AND
AGREES TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT. 

EMPLOYEE DYNE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

By: 

Name: Erick J. Lucera Name: Lucia Celona

Chief Human Resources Officer

Date: Date: 

Appendix B 

DYNE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

INVENTIONAND NON-DISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT

This Invention and Non-Disclosure Agreement (this
Agreement) made this 18th day of March, 2025, is by and between Dyne Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned employee (the Employee) and shall be
effective upon the Employees commencement of employment with the Company. 

In consideration of the employment or continued
employment of the Employee by the Company, the Employee and the Company agree as follows: 

1. Condition of Employment. 

The Employee acknowledges that the Employees employment and/or the continuance of that employment with the Company is contingent upon the
Employees agreement to sign and adhere to the provisions of this Agreement. The Employee further acknowledges that the nature of the Companys business is such that protection of its proprietary and confidential information is critical to
the survival and success of the Companys business. 

2. Proprietary and Confidential Information. 

(a) The Employee agrees that all information and know-how, whether or not in writing, of a private,
secret or confidential nature concerning the Companys business or financial affairs (collectively, Proprietary Information) is and shall be the exclusive property of the Company. By way of illustration, but not limitation,
Proprietary Information may include discoveries, ideas, inventions, products, product improvements, product enhancements, processes, methods, techniques, formulas, compositions, compounds, negotiation strategies and positions, projects,
developments, plans (including business and marketing plans), research data, clinical data, financial data (including sales costs, profits, pricing methods), personnel data obtained pursuant to the Employees duties and responsibilities,
computer programs (including software used pursuant to a license agreement), customer, prospect and supplier lists, and contacts at or knowledge of customers or prospective customers of the Company; provided, however that Proprietary Information
shall not be interpreted to include information that (i) the Company has released to the general public, (ii) has become known to the public without the Employees violation of this Agreement, or (iii) has been provided to, or
become known to, the Employee through disclosure by a source, other than the Company, that has the legal right to disclose such information without an obligation of confidentiality and without breaching an obligation of confidentiality. Except as
otherwise permitted by Section 5 below, the Employee will not disclose any Proprietary Information to any person or entity other than employees of the Company or use the same for any purposes (other than in the performance of the
Employees duties as an employee of the Company) without written approval by an officer of the Company (other than the Employee, if applicable), either during or after the Employees employment with the Company. While employed by the
Company, the Employee will use the Employees best efforts to prevent unauthorized publication or disclosure of any of the Companys Proprietary Information. 

- 11 - 

(b) The Employee agrees that all files, documents, letters, memoranda, reports, records,
data, sketches, drawings, models, laboratory notebooks, program listings, computer equipment or devices, computer programs or other written, photographic, or other tangible or intangible material containing Proprietary Information, whether created
by the Employee or others, which come into the Employees custody or possession, shall be and are the exclusive property of the Company to be used by the Employee only in the performance of the Employees duties for the Company and shall
not be copied or removed from the Company premises except in the pursuit of the business of the Company. All such materials or copies thereof and all tangible property of the Company in the custody or possession of the Employee shall be delivered to
the Company, upon the earlier of (i) a request by the Company or (ii) termination of the Employees employment for any reason. After such delivery, the Employee shall not retain any such materials or copies thereof or any such
tangible property. 

(c) The Employee agrees that the Employees obligation not to disclose or to use information and materials of the
types set forth in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, and the Employees obligation to return materials and tangible property, set forth in Section 2(b) above, also extends to such types of information, materials and tangible property of
customers of the Company or suppliers to the Company or other third parties who may have disclosed or entrusted the same to the Company or to the Employee in the course of the Companys business. 

3. Developments. 

(a) The
Employee has attached hereto, as Exhibit A, a list describing all discoveries, ideas, inventions, improvements, enhancements, processes, methods, techniques, developments, software, and works of authorship, whether patentable or not, which
were created, made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Employee prior to the Employees employment by the Company and which are owned by the Employee, which relate directly or indirectly to the current or anticipated future business of the
Company, and which are not assigned to the Company hereunder (collectively, Prior Developments); or, if no such list is attached, the Employee represents that there are no Prior Developments. The Employee agrees not to incorporate
any Prior Developments into any Company product, material, process or service without prior written consent of an officer of the Company. If the Employee does incorporate any Prior Development into any Company product, material, process or service,
the Employee hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid right and license to make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import,
reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works, display, perform, transmit, distribute and otherwise exploit such Prior Development and to practice any method related thereto. 

(b) The Employee will make full and prompt disclosure to the Company of all discoveries, ideas, inventions, improvements, enhancements,
processes, methods, techniques, developments, software, and works of authorship, whether patentable or not, which are created, made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Employee or under the Employees direction or jointly with others
during the Employees employment by the Company, whether or not during normal working hours or on the premises of the Company (all of which are collectively referred to in this Agreement as Developments). The Employee
acknowledges that each original work of authorship which is made by the Employee (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of the Employees employment with the Company and which is protectable by copyright is a
work made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act. The Employee agrees to assign and does hereby assign to the Company (or any person or entity designated by the Company) all the Employees right, title
and interest in and to all Developments 

- 12 - 

(other than Prior Developments listed on Exhibit A, if any) and all related patents, patent applications, copyrights and copyright applications. However, this Section 3(b) shall not
apply to Developments which do not relate to the business or research and development conducted or planned to be conducted by the Company at the time such Development is created, made, conceived or reduced to practice and which are made and
conceived by the Employee not during normal working hours, not on the Companys premises and not using the Companys tools, devices, equipment or Proprietary Information. The Employee understands that, to the extent this Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with the laws of any state which precludes a requirement in an employee agreement to assign certain classes of inventions made by an employee, this Section 3(b) shall be interpreted not to apply to any invention which a
court rules and/or the Company agrees falls within such classes. The Employee also hereby waives all claims to moral rights in any Developments. 

(c) The Employee agrees to cooperate fully with the Company, both during and after the Employees employment with the Company, with
respect to the procurement, maintenance and enforcement of copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights (both in the United States and foreign countries) relating to Developments. The Employee shall sign all papers, including, without
limitation, copyright applications, patent applications, declarations, oaths, formal assignments, assignments of priority rights, and powers of attorney, which the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests
in any Development. The Employee further agrees that if the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure the signature of the Employee on any such papers, any executive officer of the Company shall be entitled to execute any such papers as
the agent and the attorney-in-fact of the Employee, and the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each executive officer of the Company as the
Employees agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such papers on the Employees behalf, and to take any and all actions as the Company may deem necessary or
desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Development, under the conditions described in this sentence. 

4.
Obligations to Third Parties. 

The Employee represents that, except as the Employee has disclosed in writing to the Company on
Exhibit A attached hereto, the Employee is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from using or disclosing any trade secret or confidential or proprietary information in the course of the
Employees employment with the Company, to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or any other party or to refrain from soliciting employees, customers or suppliers of such previous employer
or other party. The Employee further represents that the Employees performance of all the terms of this Agreement and the performance of the Employees duties as an employee of the Company do not and will not conflict with or breach any
agreement with any prior employer or other party (including, without limitation, any nondisclosure or non-competition agreement), and that the Employee will not disclose to the Company or induce the Company to
use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or others. 

5. Permitted Disclosures.

Nothing in this Agreement or elsewhere prohibits or restricts the Employee from (i) communicating with or voluntarily providing
information the Employee believes indicates possible or actual violations of the law to local, state or federal government agencies, any legislative body, law enforcement, or any self-regulatory organization (including but not limited to the
National 

- 13 - 

Labor Relations Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission), (ii) making disclosures or communications to engage in protected, concerted activity or to otherwise exercise rights under
Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (including, without limitation, non-supervisory employees rights to disclose their wages, hours, and working conditions), and/or (iii) making other
disclosures or communications expressly permitted by applicable law. The Employee is not required to notify the Company of any such communications. Further, notwithstanding the Employees confidentiality and nondisclosure obligations, the
Employee is hereby advised as follows pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act: An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made
(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a
complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the
attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court
order. 

6. United States Government Obligations. 

The Employee acknowledges that the Company from time to time may have agreements with other persons or with the United States Government, or
agencies thereof, which impose obligations or restrictions on the Company regarding inventions made during the course of work under such agreements or regarding the confidential nature of such work. The Employee agrees to be bound by all such
obligations and restrictions which are made known to the Employee and to take all action necessary to discharge the obligations of the Company under such agreements. 

7. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Equitable Remedies. The Employee acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and are considered by the Employee to be reasonable for such purpose.
The Employee agrees that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement is likely to cause the Company substantial and irrevocable damage which is difficult to measure. Therefore, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Employee
agrees that the Company, in addition to such other remedies which may be available, shall have the right to obtain an injunction from a court restraining such a breach or threatened breach without posting a bond and the right to specific performance
of the provisions of this Agreement and the Employee hereby waives the adequacy of a remedy at law as a defense to such relief. 

(b)
Disclosure of this Agreement. The Employee hereby authorizes the Company to notify others, including but not limited to customers of the Company and any of the Employees future employers or prospective business associates, of the terms
and existence of this Agreement and the Employees continuing obligations to the Company hereunder. 

(c) Not Employment
Contract. The Employee acknowledges that this Agreement does not constitute a contract of employment, does not imply that the Company will continue Employees employment for any period of time and does not change the at-will nature of Employees employment. 

- 14 - 

(d) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of both parties and their respective successors and assigns, including any corporation with which, or into which, the Company may be merged or which may succeed to the Companys assets or business, provided, however, that the
obligations of the Employee are personal and shall not be assigned by the Employee. The Employee expressly consents to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement for the benefit of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof to whose employ
the Employee may be transferred without the necessity that this Agreement be re-signed at the time of such transfer. 

(e) Severability. In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(f) Waivers. No delay or omission
by the Company in exercising any right under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right. A waiver or consent given by the Company on any one occasion is effective only in that instance and will not be construed as a bar to or
waiver of any right on any other occasion. 

(g) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without reference to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof). Any action, suit, or other legal proceeding which is commenced to resolve any matter arising under or relating to any
provision of this Agreement shall be commenced only in a court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (or, if appropriate, a federal court located within Massachusetts), and the Company and the Employee each consents to the jurisdiction of such a
court. The Company and the Employee each hereby irrevocably waive any right to a trial by jury in any action, suit or other legal proceeding arising under or relating to any provision of this Agreement. 

(h) Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between the Employee and the Company
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified, changed or discharged in whole or in part, except by an agreement in writing signed by the Employee and the Company. The Employee agrees that any change or changes
in the Employees duties, salary or compensation after the signing of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 

(i) Captions. The captions of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit or affect
the scope or substance of any section of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

- 15 - 

THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE/SHE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTANDS AND
AGREES TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT. 

EMPLOYEE DYNE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

By: 

Name: Erick J. Lucera Name: Lucia Celona

Chief Human Resources Officer

Date: Date: 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO INVENTION AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 

EXHIBIT A 

LISTOF PRIOR DEVELOPMENTSAND ORIGINAL
WORKSOF AUTHORSHIP EXCLUDED

UNDER SECTION
3(A) OR CONFLICTING AGREEMENTS DISCLOSED UNDER SECTION 4 

Title 

Date 

Identifying Number or Brief Description

None 

Except as indicated above on this Exhibit A, I
have no Prior Developments to disclose pursuant to Section 3(a) of this Agreement and no agreements to disclose pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement. 

EMPLOYEE:

By: 

Name: Erick J. Lucera
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dyn-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dyn-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dyn-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g788212dsp001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001818794

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Dyne Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39509

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4883909

Entity Address, Address Line One 1560 Trapelo Road

Entity Address, City or Town Waltham

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02451

City Area Code (781)

Local Phone Number 786-8230

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol DYN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.dyne-tx.com//20250317/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d788212d8k.htm 
dyn-20250317.xsd 
dyn-20250317_lab.xml 
dyn-20250317_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-058979-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d788212d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001818794 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

false 
0001818794 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
Dyne Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-39509 
36-4883909 
1560 Trapelo Road 
Waltham 
MA 
02451 
(781) 
786-8230 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
DYN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>