<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008397.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008397.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226172259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008397
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wellgistics Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002030763
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				933264234
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42530
		FILM NUMBER:		25671503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 BAYPORT DRIVE SUITE 950
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-843-302-1785

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 BAYPORT DRIVE SUITE 950
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Danam Health, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240717
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203076300020307632025-02-202025-02-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February
20, 2025

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42530 93-3264234

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

3000
Bayport Drive

Suite
950

Tampa,
FL33607

(Address
of principal executive officers) (Zip Code)

(844)203-6092

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e- 4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $.0001 per share WGRX The
Nasdaq Capital Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item.
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 20, 2025, Wellgistics Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an Underwriting Agreement
(the Underwriting Agreement) with Craft Capital Management LLC, as representative of the underwriters listed on Schedule
1 thereto (the Underwriters), relating to the Companys initial public offering (the Offering) of 888,889
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) at a public offering price of $4.50 per share, generating
gross proceeds of $4,000,000.

The
shares of Common Stock were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280945),
originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on July 22, 2024, and later amended
(as amended, the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission on February
14, 2025. The closing of the Offering took place on February 24, 2025. A final prospectus describing the terms of the offering was filed
with the Commission on February 21, 2025, and is available on the Commissions website located at http://www.sec.gov.

The
Companys Common Stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market LLC on February 21, 2025, under the symbol WGRX.
The sale of shares of Common Stock in the Offering generated net proceeds to the Company of approximately $ 3.1 million, after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
to increase its capitalization, provide financial flexibility, and enhance visibility into the marketplace as well as to create a public
market for the Common Stock and for general corporate purposes, including establishing working capital, funding marketing initiatives,
and facilitating capital expenditures.

The
Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing,
indemnification obligations of the Company and Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), other obligations of the parties, and termination provisions. The representations, warranties, and covenants
contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement, as of specific dates set forth therein, in the
context of all of the terms and conditions thereof and of the specific relationship between the parties thereto, and solely for the benefit
of such parties. The Company previously filed the form of the Underwriting Agreement as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The
foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the final, executed Underwriting Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
8.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1
hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

On
February 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2
hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
corporate press releases shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, including for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such Section 18. The information
in this Item 8.01, as well as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

The
press releases contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. With the
exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in the press releases include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding the Companys projects
and potential financial performance. The words believes, expects, intends, plans,
anticipates, hopes, likely, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify
certain of these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Companys expectations and involve risks, uncertainties
and other important factors that could cause the actual results performance or achievements of the Company (or entities in which the
Company has interests), or industry results, to differ materially from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Certain factors that could cause the Companys actual future results to differ materially from
those discussed are noted in connection with such statements, but other unanticipated factors could arise. Certain risks regarding the
Companys forward-looking statements are discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
including an extensive discussion of these risks in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared effective by the
SEC on February 14, 2025. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect managements
view only as of the date of this Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, conditions
or circumstances.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

1.1* Underwriting Agreement, dated February 20, 2025, between the Company and Craft Capital Management LLC

99.1 Press Release of the Company, dated February 21, 2024

99.2 Press Release of the Company, dated February 24, 2024

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain
schedules, exhibits and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)
of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish copies of such omitted materials
supplementally upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Wellgistics Health, Inc.

Dated:
February 26, 2025 By: /s/
Vishnu Balu

Vishnu Balu

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT 

between

WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

and

CRAFT
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

as
Representative of the Several Underwriters

WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

New
York, New York

February 20, 2025

Craft
Capital Management LLC

377
Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden
City, New York 11530

as
Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached hereto

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Wellgistics Health, Inc. f/k/a Danam Health, Inc., a corporation
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation, all
entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates of Wellgistics
Health, Inc., the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Craft Capital
Management LLC (hereinafter referred to as you (including its correlatives) or the Representative)
and with the other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative
and such other underwriters being collectively called the Underwriters and, individually, an Underwriter)
for the purchase and sale of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock or Public
Securities), pursuant to the following terms:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Shares.

1.1
Firm Shares.

1.1.1.
Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i)
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 888,889 shares (Firm Shares) of the Companys
Common Stock (the Offering).

(ii)
The Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their respective
names on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions) of $4.185
per Firm Share (being equal to 93% of the per Firm Share public offering price). The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to the public
at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof).

-1-

1.1.2.
Payment and Delivery.

(i)
Delivery and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the second (2nd) Business Day (as defined below)
following the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below)
(or the third (3rd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after 4:01 p.m., Eastern
time) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Sichenzia Ross Ference
Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036 (Representative Counsel), or at such other
place (or remotely by e-mail or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour
and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date.

(ii)
Payment for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the
Company upon delivery to the Representative of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing
the Firm Shares (or through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters.
The Firm Shares shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing
at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the
Firm Shares for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or
deliver the Firm Shares except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all of the Firm Shares. The term Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or any other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are
authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, that, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be
authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2
Reserved.

1.3
Reserved.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time
(as defined below), as of the Closing Date, if any, as follows:

2.1
Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1.
Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280945), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Public Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in all material respects
in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the
Securities Act Regulations) and contains and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated
therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The conditions for use of Form S-1 as set forth in
the General Instructions to such Form, to register Public Securities under the Securities Act, have been satisfied. Except as the context
may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became
effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus (as defined below) included in the registration statement, financial statements, schedules,
exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of
the Effective Date pursuant to Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430A Information)), is referred
to herein as the Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b)
of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration
statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

-2-

Each
prospectus used prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information
that was used after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary
Prospectus. The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated [January 13, 2025], that was included in the Registration
Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus
in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus. Any
reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus
included in the Registration Statement.

Applicable
Time means 4:30p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act
Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company,
(ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be
filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description
of the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed
with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to
prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433(h)(5) under the Securities
Act (the Bona Fide Electronic Road Show)), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus.

Pricing
Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Pricing
Prospectus and the information included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

2.1.2.
Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A providing for the
registration pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
of the shares of Common Stock. The registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the
Commission on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission
is contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2
Stock Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market LLC (the Exchange),
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange,
nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.3
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

-3-

2.4
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1.
Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i)
At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement)
and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act
Regulations. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in
all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including
the prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and
the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering
and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to the
Commissions EDGAR filing system (EDGAR), except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under
the Securities Act (Regulation S-T).

(ii)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date,
contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iii)
The Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto does not conflict with the information
contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited
Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply
to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect
to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or
any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of any
Underwriter consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the Underwriting section of the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus: (i) the first sentence in the first paragraph and the table in the second paragraph under the
caption Underwriting; (ii) the subsection entitled Price Stabilization, Short Positions and Penalty Bids;
and (iii) the subsections entitled Other Relationships and Conflicts of Interest and Electronic Prospectus
(the Underwriters Information); and

(iv)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time
of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall
not apply to the Underwriters Information.

-4-

2.4.2.
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been
so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company or one of its subsidiaries
(each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries) is a party or by which it or any of
its properties is or may be bound or affected and that is (i) referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, or (ii) material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized, has been or will be validly executed
and delivered, as the case may be, by the Company, is or, when so executed and delivered, will be in full force and effect in all material
respects and constitutes, or, when so executed and delivered, will constitute legal, valid and binding agreements of the Company enforceable
against the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance
with their respective terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under
the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief
may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None
of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company, such Subsidiary, nor,
to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys
knowledge, performance by the Company or any Subsidiary of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result
in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental or regulatory agency,
authority, body, entity, or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective
assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental
laws and regulations.

2.4.3.
Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

2.4.4.
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects
of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct
in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.5
Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1.
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change
in the condition (financial or otherwise),or results of operations, business assets or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse change or a prospective
material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects
of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material
transactions entered into by the Company or its Subsidiaries, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer
or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

2.5.2.
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred
any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

2.6
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, Suri & Co. (the Auditor), whose report is filed
with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered
public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge,
after reasonable inquiry, the Auditor is currently registered and in good standing with the PCAOB. The Auditor has not, during the periods
covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided
to the Company any non-audit services, within the meaning of such term in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

-5-

2.7
Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present the financial condition, the results of operations and the
cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved
(provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material
in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement
present fairly the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no other historical or pro forma financial
statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes, if any, included
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly the information shown therein,
and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to
the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of
the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent
applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance
sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated
entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor any
of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus as being a Subsidiary, has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered
into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends
or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the ordinary course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan,
and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt. The Company represents that
it has no direct or indirect subsidiaries other than those listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement.

2.8
Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the
adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date , there will be no stock
options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company
or any security convertible or exercisable into any class of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or
sell any class of Common Stock or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.9
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1.
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission, rights of first refusal or rights of participation or similar rights with respect thereto or put rights, or the ability
to require the Company to repurchase such securities, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and
none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or rights of participation or similar
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized shares of Common
Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. All offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, options, warrants and other rights to purchase
or exchange such securities for shares of the Common Stock were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and
the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers
of such shares of Common Stock, exempt from such registration requirements. The description of the Companys stock option, stock
bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, as described in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, accurately and fairly present, in all material respects, the information required
to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights.

-6-

2.9.2.
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, the Public
Securities, when issued and paid for pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable;
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are
not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been
duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.10
Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities
of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include
any such securities in the Registration Statement or any other registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed
and delivered by the Company, will constitute, the legal, valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their respective terms, except in each case: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought.

2.12
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and all ancillary documents, the consummation
by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof
do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach of, or conflict
with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination
or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security, interest, claim, preferential arrangement, encumbrance or restriction
of any kind whatsoever upon any property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument,
license or permit, to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or to which any of its assets are bound; (ii) result in any violation
of the provisions of the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as the same may be further amended or restated
from time to time, the Charter), the amended and restated by-laws of the Company (as the same may be further amended
or restated from time to time, the By-laws) or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws, articles of organization, operating agreement, or other organizational or charter documents; or (iii) violate any existing applicable
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof.

2.13
No Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of
any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is
a party or by which the Company or any Subsidiary may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary
is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter or By-laws; each Subsidiary is not in violation of
any term or provision or its certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; and each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries are not in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment
or decree of any Governmental Entity.

-7-

2.14
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1.
Conduct of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary consents, authorizations,
approvals, orders, licenses, certificates, qualifications, registrations, clearances, and permits of and from all governmental regulatory
officials and bodies (collectively, the Authorizations) that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business
purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.14.2.
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry
out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates, qualifications
and registrations required in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any
Governmental Entity, or another body is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities the consummation
of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws, the rules of Exchange and the rules
and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.15
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders)
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section
2.24 below), provided to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate, incorrect, or incomplete.

2.16
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or
governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened or contemplated, against, or involving the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director, before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
this Agreement and all exhibits and schedules hereto, the Lock-Up Agreements, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder or the Public Securities (the Transaction Documents); (ii) could, if
there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; or (iii) which has not been
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or in connection with the Companys
listing application for the listing of the Public Securities on the Exchange. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any executive officer or director thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability
under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. To the knowledge of the Company, there has not been, and
there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or
executive officer of the Company.

2.17
Subsidiaries; Good Standing. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity
interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive
right or any other restriction, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and
are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation or a limited liability company, as the case may
be, and is in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization as of the date hereof, and is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct
of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing individually or in the aggregate,
would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

-8-

2.18
Insurance. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers,
in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers
insurance coverage at least equal to $5,000,000 and all such insurance is in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii)
to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and
at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there
are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or
understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

2.19.2.
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters
as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.19.3.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4.
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the
Companys securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during
the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA
member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company (i) does not
have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Underwriter and (ii) does not intend to use
any of the proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any Underwriter.

2.19.5.
Information. All information provided by the Company in its, and, to the Companys knowledge, all information provided by
the Companys officers and directors in their, FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use by Representative
Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all
material respects.

2.20
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
has, directly or indirectly, (i) given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers
in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of
any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic
or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection
with any actual or proposed transaction) that (a) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental
litigation or proceeding, (b) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change, (c) if not continued in the future,
might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company, or (d) violated or is in violation of any provision
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA) or any applicable non-U.S. anti-bribery statute
or regulation; (ii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iii) received notice of
any investigation, proceeding or inquiry by any Governmental Entity regarding any of the matters in clauses (i) or (ii) above; and the
Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates have conducted their respective businesses in compliance
with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue
to ensure, continued compliance therewith. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures
are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.

-9-

2.21
Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, is
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any
person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.23
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws);
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws
is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.24
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Representative
Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.25 Lock-Up
Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and each owner of
more than five percent (5%) of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock) (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties) as of the Effective Date. The
Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement.

2.26
Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the
place of organization or incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease
of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a Material Adverse
Change on the assets, business or operations of the Company taken as a whole. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary
is as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.27
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other
person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described
as required.

2.28
No Relationships with Customers and Suppliers. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company on the
one hand, and the directors, officers, 5% or greater stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company or any of the Companys
affiliates on the other hand, which is required to be described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or a document incorporated
by reference therein and which is not so described.

-10-

2.29
No Unconsolidated Entities. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any
of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited
to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources required to be described in the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus or a document incorporated by reference therein which have not been described as required.

2.30
Board of Directors. The board of directors (the Board of Directors) of the Company is comprised of the persons
set forth under the heading of the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. The qualifications of the
persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act
Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable
to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of
the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent,
as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.31
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.31.1.
Disclosure Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with
Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material
information concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys
Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.31.2.
Compliance. The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and has taken reasonable steps to ensure
the Companys future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

2.32
Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting
(as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected
or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

2.33
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register
as an investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

-11-

2.34
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is threatened or imminent, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. None of the Companys
or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and
its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions
of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received any claim for royalties or other compensation
from any person, including any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary who made inventive contributions to the Companys or any
of its Subsidiaries technology or products that are pending or unsettled, and except as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries do not and will not have any obligation to pay royalties
or other compensation to any person on account of inventive contributions. The Company is not aware that any key employee or significant
group of employees of the Company plans to terminate employment with the Company.

2.35
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct
of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to
any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change, (A) to the knowledge of
the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned
by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging
the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a
reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.35,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the
knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction
invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit,
proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware
of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other
claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any
Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and
the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate,
together with any other claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys
knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract,
patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement
or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment
with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by
and belonging to the Company which has not been patented or disclosed in a patent application has been kept confidential. The Company
is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person
or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are
not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects
the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained
or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons.

-12-

To
the Companys knowledge, all licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property Rights described in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are in full force and effect in all material respects and are enforceable by the Company
and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with their terms, except (x) as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company,
and the Company, has no knowledge, that any other party is in default thereunder and no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time
or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder.

2.36
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing
authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed
against the Company or such respective Subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed
with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no issues
have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from
the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have
been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. There are no tax liens against the assets, properties or business of
the Company or its Subsidiaries other than liens for taxes not yet delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and for which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established in the Companys books and records. The term taxes
means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise,
profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property,
windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any
penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations,
reports, statements and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.37
ERISA Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects
with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described
in Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations
thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA)
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by
the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of
its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities
(as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material
liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or
(ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company
or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge
of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

-13-

2.38
Regulatory; Compliance with Laws.

2.38.1.
Each of the Company and each Subsidiary: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable
to the business of the Company as currently conducted (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence
or notice from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any Authorizations; (C) possesses
all Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations,
except where the invalidity of such Authorizations or the failure of such Authorizations to be in full force and effect would not or
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any activity
conducted by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that
any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding;
(E) has not received notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or
revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity is considering such action; and (F) has filed, obtained,
maintained or submitted all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments
as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent
submission), except where the failure to be so in compliance, individually or in the aggregate, would not or would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.38.2.
The statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption: Risk
FactorsRisks Related to Regulatory and Legal Considerations are true and correct in all material respects; and there are
no laws which as of this date are material to the business of the Company which is not described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus.

2.39
Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities and at the date
hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.40
Environmental Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules,
laws and regulations relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of
health and safety or the environment which are applicable to its business (Environmental Laws), except where the
failure to comply would not, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation,
transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous
substances by, due to, or caused by the Company or any Subsidiary (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts
or omissions the Company or any Subsidiary is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased
by the Company or any Subsidiary, or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment,
decree or permit, give rise to any liability; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such
property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to
which the Company has knowledge.

2.41
Real Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real
or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear
of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value
of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its Subsidiaries;
and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material
claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or
subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession of the
leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

-14-

2.42
Contracts Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company,
any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including,
but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially
affect the Companys or its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required
to be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have
not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

2.43
Loans to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the
ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers
or directors of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.44
Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.45
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and
accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.46
Minute Books. The minute books of the Company and the Subsidiaries have been made available to the Underwriters and counsel for
the Underwriters, and such books (i) contain a complete summary of all meetings and actions of the board of directors (including each
board committee) and stockholders of the Company (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable), and each of its
Subsidiaries since the time of its respective incorporation or organization through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii)
accurately in all material respects reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes. There are no material transactions, agreements,
dispositions or other actions of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly
recorded in the minute books of the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable.

2.47
Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

2.48
No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

2.49
Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the
Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.50
Emerging Growth Company. From the time of the initial submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier,
the first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the-Waters
Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a)
of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means
any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act.

-15-

2.51
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than
Testing-the-Waters Communications with the written consent of the Representative (or any prior underwriter in connection with this Offering)
and with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that
are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Representative
(or any prior underwriter in connection with this Offering) to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company confirms that
the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed
any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-C hereto or previously distributed with any
prior underwriter in connection with this Offering. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters
Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

2.52
Electronic Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of
the Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations)
is required in connection with the Offering.

2.53
Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be
used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the shares of Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal
Reserve Board.

2.54
Occupational Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) are in compliance, in all respects, with any and all applicable foreign,
federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, treaties, statutes and codes promulgated by any and all governmental authorities (including
pursuant to the Occupational Health and Safety Act) relating to the protection of human health and safety in the workplace (Occupational
Laws); (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Occupational Laws to conduct
its business as currently conducted; and (iii) are in compliance, in all respects, with all terms and conditions of such permit, license
or approval, except with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. No action, proceeding, revocation proceeding, writ, injunction or claim
is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to Occupational Laws,
and the Company does not have knowledge of any facts, circumstances or developments relating to its or any of its Subsidiaries
operations or cost accounting practices that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for or give rise to such actions, suits,
investigations or proceedings.

2.55
Privacy and Data Security Laws and Regulations. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has (A) operated and currently operates
its business in a manner compliant with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations, all contractual obligations
and all Company and/or Subsidiaries policies (internal and posted) related to privacy and data security applicable to the Companys
collection, use, handling, transfer, transmission, storage, disclosure and/or disposal of the data of their respective customers, employees
and other third parties (the Privacy and Data Security Laws), and (B) implemented, monitored and has been and is
in compliance with, applicable administrative, technical and physical safeguards and policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
with Privacy and Data Security Laws, except as would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Change. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, there has been no
loss or unauthorized access, use, modification or breach of security of customer, employee or third-party data maintained by or on behalf
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and the Company and its Subsidiaries have not notified, nor have the current intention to
notify, any customer, Governmental Entity or the media of any such event with regard to any material data breach.

2.56
Continued Business. No supplier, customer, distributor or sales agent of the Company or any Subsidiary has notified the Company
that it intends to discontinue or decrease the rate of business done with the Company, except where such discontinuation or decrease
has not resulted in and could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

-16-

2.57
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Charter or the laws of the State of Delaware that are or could become applicable as
a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents.

2.58
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets
exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including
known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on
its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof,
and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its
assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities
when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
(a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $100,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether
or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

2.59
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

2.60
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives
request.

2.61
IT Systems. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change, the Company reasonably
believes that (i) each of the Company and the Subsidiaries owns or has a valid right to access and use all computer systems, networks,
hardware, software, databases, websites, and equipment used to process, store, maintain and operate data, information, and functions
used in connection with the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries (the Company IT Systems), (ii) the Company
IT Systems are adequate for, and operate and perform as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as
currently conducted and (iii) each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has implemented reasonable backup, security and disaster recovery
technology consistent with applicable regulatory standards.

2.62
Cybersecurity. There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems
and Data), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change, and (y) the Company and
the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result
in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance
with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable
safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent
with industry standards and practices.

-17-

2.63
Sanctions. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, their directors or officers or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any activities sanctionable
under the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 or any Executive Order relating
to any of the foregoing (collectively, and as each may be amended from time to time, the Iran Sanctions); and the
Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds
to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of engaging in any activities sanctionable under
the Iran Sanctions.

2.64
No Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute
any offering material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus
and other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

2.65.
Diligence Materials. The Company has provided to the Representative and the Representative Counsel all materials required or necessary
to respond in all material respects to the diligence request submitted to the Company or its counsel by the Representative.

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement
to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2
Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1.
(a) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, and the Pricing Disclosure
Package comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with
respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States GAAP,
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, conform in all material aspects to the descriptions
thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission
as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized
or described) to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party or by which it or such Subsidiary is or may be bound or affected and (i)
that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus or (ii) is material to the Companys
business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company or a Subsidiary, respectively, is in full force and effect in
all material respects and is enforceable against the Company or such Subsidiary and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties
thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or
similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore
may be brought. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company
or any Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any Subsidiary or any other party is in default thereunder
and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute
a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company or any Subsidiary of the material provisions of such
agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, or decree
of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, or such Subsidiary, or any of their assets
or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

-18-

(b)
Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations,
and will notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of the receipt of any comments
from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of
the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the
Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the
Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities . The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b)
of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)),
and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule
424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company
shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain
the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2.
Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the
Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement
and in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the
Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172),
would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or
condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel to the Underwriters or to the Company, to (i) amend
the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be,
will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein
not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration
Statement or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements
of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event;
(B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed
filing or use, furnish the Representative with copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment
or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or counsel
to the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or
supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant to
the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within two (2) Business Days prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the
Representative notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the Closing Date and will furnish the Representative
with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file
or use any such document to which the Representative or counsel to the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

-19-

3.2.3.
Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts
to maintain the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the shares of Common
Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4.
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall
not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise
constitute a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or
retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use
Free Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i)
that has been reviewed by the Representative. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free
writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Representative as an issuer free writing prospectus, as
defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including
timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representative and will promptly amend or supplement,
at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.2.5.
Testing-the-Waters Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there
occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative
and shall promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such
untrue statement or omission.

3.3
Delivery to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make
available to the Representative and the Representative Counsel, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally
filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts,
and will also deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each
amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto
furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to
EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4
Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to
each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company
hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter,
without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule
172 of the Securities Act Regulations, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus
(as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished
to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

-20-

3.5
Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the
Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment
thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public
Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv)
of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus;
(v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the occurrence of any event
during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a)
the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission
or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable
effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6
Review of Financial Statements. For a period of five (5) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense,
shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial
statements for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7
Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock (including the Public Securities)
on the Exchange for at least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

3.9
Reports to the Representative.

3.9.1.
Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report
the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every
press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy
of each Current Report on Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) five copies of each registration statement filed by the Company
under the Securities Act; (v) a copy of each report or other communication furnished to stockholders, and (vi) such additional documents
and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from
time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality
agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and Representative Counsel in connection with the Representatives
receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission via EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative
pursuant to this Section 3.9.1.

3.9.2.
Transfer Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a
transfer agent and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative
at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably
request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Colonial Stock Transfer Company, Inc. is acceptable to the Representative
to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock.

3.9.3.
Trading Reports. During such time as the Public Securities are listed on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Representative,
at the Companys expense, such reports published by the Exchange relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representative
shall reasonably request.

-21-

3.10
Payment of Expenses

3.10.1.
General Expenses Related to the Offering. Regardless of whether the Offering is consummated, the Company hereby agrees to pay,
or reimburse if previously paid, on the Closing Date: (i) all of the Companys costs and expenses incident to the Offering and
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incident to the performance
of the obligations of Representative under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of the Underwriters
outside attorneys, background checks and due diligence costs), provided that such costs and expenses shall not exceed $150,000 between
the Underwriters combined without the Companys prior approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
Subject to the $150,000 cap described in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be responsible for the Representatives
total external counsel legal costs, any background check costs incurred by the Representative and any due diligence costs The Representative
may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, the expenses set forth herein to be paid
by the Company to the Underwriters.

3.11
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent
with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

3.12
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon
as practicable, but not later than the first (1st) day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement,
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.13
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

3.14
Internal Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

3.15
Accountants. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain an independent registered public accounting firm, as required
by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the PCAOB, reasonably acceptable to the Representative, and the Company
shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years
after the date of this Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable to the Representative.

3.16
FINRA. For a period of 60 days from the later of the Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make
an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner
of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity
securities which were acquired during the one hundred eighty (180) days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement
is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the
rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.17
No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely
contractual in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary
capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

-22-

3.18
Company Lock-Up Agreements.

3.18.1.
Restriction on Sales of Capital Stock. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior
written consent of the Underwriters, it will not, for a period of ninety (90) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up
Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract
to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the
Company; (ii) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (iii)
complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank or (iv) enter
into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital
stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of
shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

The
restrictions contained in this Section 3.18.1 shall not apply to (i) the shares of Common Stock to be sold hereunder, (ii) the issuance
by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on
the date hereof, which is disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided that such options,
warrants, and securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, or (iii) the issuance
by the Company of stock options or shares of capital stock of the Company under any equity compensation plan of the Company, provided
that in each of (ii) and (iii) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period.

3.18.2.
Reserved.

3.19
Release of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions
set forth in the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.25 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company
with notice of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the
Company agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through
a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.20
Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify
the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or
foreign) as the Representative may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution
of the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process
or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject
itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.21
Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the
exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed
with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally,
the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities
Act Regulations.

3.22
Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth
Company at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Public Securities within the meaning of the Securities
Act and (ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

3.23
Sarbanes Oxley. The Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus, the Company shall at all times comply with all applicable provisions
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

-23-

4.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities,
as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof;
(iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1
Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than
5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by you, and, at
the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has
been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been
issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated
by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. The Prospectus
containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame required by Rule
424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and
declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

4.1.2.
FINRA Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the
amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3.
Exchange Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Companys shares of Common Stock, including the Firm Shares, shall have been
approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance.

4.2
Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1.
Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative
assurance letter of Dykema Gossett PLLC (Company Counsel), counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed
to the Representative, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2.
Opinion of Counsel of Intellectual Property Matters.
On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the opinion of Company Counsel, with respect to certain intellectual property
matters, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representative, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.3.
Reserved.

4.2.4.
Reserved.

4.2.5.
Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the
laws of the United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified
in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent
they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions
having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements
or certificates shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested. The opinions of Company Counsel and Special Regulatory Counsel
and any opinion relied upon by Company Counsel and/or Special Regulatory Counsel shall include a statement to the effect that it may
be relied upon by Representative Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3
Comfort Letters.

4.3.1.
Cold Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed you shall have received a cold comfort letter containing statements
and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain
financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative
and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to you and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

-24-

4.3.2.
Bring-down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received from the Auditor a letter, dated as of
the Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section
4.3.1, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.

4.4
Officers Certificates.

4.4.1.
Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of
its Chief Executive Officer, its President and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion,
the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date did not include any untrue
statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date , any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date , the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective
date thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii)
since the effective date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment
to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable
investigation, as of the Closing Date , the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and
the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior
to the Closing Date , and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or
incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse change in the financial position or results of operations
of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a Material Adverse Change or a prospective
Material Adverse Change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects
of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

4.4.2.
Secretarys Certificate. At the Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company
signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and By-laws is true and complete,
has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Board of Directors relating to the Offering are
in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company
or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate
shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5
No Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change or development involving
a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company
from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus;
(ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before
or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding
may materially adversely affect the business, operations, properties, assets, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have
been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv)
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain
all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations
and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

-25-

4.6
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each
of this Agreement, the Public Securities, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and all other
legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all
material respects to the Representative Counsel, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that
they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

4.7
Delivery of Agreements.

4.7.1.
Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies
of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.7.2.
Reserved.

4.8
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as
they may require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters, or in order to evidence
the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings
taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in
form and substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel.

5.
Indemnification.

5.1
Indemnification of the Underwriters.

5.1.1.
General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates
and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel,
and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified
Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened,
or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between
any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim),
(i) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in
any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (B) any materials or information
provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road
show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (C) any application
or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the
Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under
the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national
securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission
was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information or (ii) otherwise arising in connection with or
allegedly in connection with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Party for all
fees and expenses (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of
the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise)
(collectively, the Expenses), and further agrees wherever and whenever possible to advance payment of Expenses as
they are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Party in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim.

-26-

5.1.2.
Procedure. If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
the Company pursuant to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution
of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the
approval of such Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Underwriter Indemnified Party requests that the
Company do so. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall not be liable
for any settlement of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall
not, without the prior written consent of the Underwriters, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise
seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution may
be sought hereunder (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent
or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Underwriter Indemnified Party, acceptable to such Underwriter Indemnified
Party, from all liabilities, expenses and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought and
(ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Underwriter
Indemnified Party.

5.2
Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the
foregoing indemnity from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions
made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information. In case any action
shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity
may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each
other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The
Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any
of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

-27-

5.3
Contribution.

5.3.1.
Contribution Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in
such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters,
on the other, from the Offering of the Public Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by
applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also
the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that
resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall
be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Public Securities purchased under this Agreement
(before deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand,
and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect to the shares of the Common Stock purchased
under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined
by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would
not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters
were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or action
in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal
or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering of
the Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of
Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2.
Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice
of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made
against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure
to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution
hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or
its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen (15) days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate
therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable
to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent
of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted
by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. Each Underwriters obligations
to contribute pursuant to this Section 5.3 are several and not joint.

6.
Default by an Underwriter.

6.1
Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares . If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase
the Firm Shares, and if the number of the Firm Shares with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10%
of the number of Firm Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares to which the default relates
shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2
Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares . In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than 10% of the
Firm Shares , you may in your discretion arrange for yourself or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Shares to which such
default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm
Shares , you do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Shares , then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1)
Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to you to purchase said Firm Shares on such terms. In the
event that neither you nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Shares to which a default relates as provided in this Section
6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by you or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided
in Sections 3.9 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, that nothing herein shall
relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its
default hereunder.

-28-

6.3
Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, you or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may
thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents and
arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus that in the opinion of the Representative Counsel may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as
used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such shares of Common Stock.

7.
Additional Covenants.

7.1
Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members
of the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange
Act and with the listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company
seeks to have its Public Securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at
least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as
such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2
Prohibition on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity,
without the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business
Day following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course
of the Companys business.

7.3
Reserved.

7.4
Tail Fee. Following the closing of the Offering, the Underwriters shall be entitled to a cash fee equal to seven percent (7.0%)
of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of any equity, debt and/or equity derivative instruments to any investor
actually introduced by the Underwriters to the Company before the closing of the Offering (each a Tail Financing), and
such Tail Financing is consummated at any time following the Closing Date or within the twelve (12) month period following the expiration
or termination of the Engagement Letter, provided that such Tail Financing is by a party actually introduced to the Company in an offering
in which the Company has direct knowledge of such partys participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fee shall be payable
by the Company pursuant to this Section 7.4 if the Company terminates the Engagement Letter or this Agreement for Cause pursuant to
Section 8 below.

8.
Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and
delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2
Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if
any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in your opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or The NYSE American or The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed,
or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other Governmental
Entity having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities;
or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) regulatory approval (including but
not limited to NYSE American approval) for the Offering is denied, conditioned or modified and as a result it makes it impracticable
for the Representative to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the securities offered in this Offering or to enforce contracts
for the sale of the Public Securities, or (vi) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely
impacts the United States securities markets; or (vii) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident,
hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will,
in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Shares ; or (viii) if the Company is in material breach
of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (ix) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date
hereof of such a Material Adverse Change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market
conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of
the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities; or (x) the Common Stock
shall fail for any reason to open for trading on the Exchange by the end of regular trading hours on February 21, 2025. The Company shall
not have the right to terminate this Agreement other than for a Cause which, for the purpose of this Agreement,
shall mean, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or a material breach of this Agreement
by the Representative. For purposes of this Section 8.2, the Representative will have been deemed
to have materially breached this Agreement if the Representative has materially failed to provide the underwriting services contemplated
by the Engagement Letter or this Agreement, as provided in FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B). In the event that the Company believes that the Representative has engaged in a conduct constituting the Cause, the Company must
first notify the Representative in writing of the facts and circumstances supporting such an assertion(s), and the Representative shall
have twenty (20) days to cure such alleged conduct

-29-

8.3
Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant
to Section 6.2 above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified
herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual
and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable, and upon demand the Company
shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however, that such expense cap in no
way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received
by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).
For the sake of clarity, the Companys obligation to make any payments under this Section 8.3 is qualified in its entirety by Sections
3.10 and 7.4 of this Agreement.

8.4
Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force
and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement
or any part hereof.

8.5
Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter,
its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9.
Miscellaneous.

9.1
Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed
(registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed
and shall be deemed given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If
to the Representative:

Craft
Capital Management LLC

377
Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden
City, New York 11530

Attn:
Mr. Stephen Kiront, Chief Operating Officer

Email:
skiront@craftcm.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Attn:
Ross David Carmel, Esq.

-30-

Email:
rcarmel@srfc.law

If
to the Company:

Wellgistics
Health, Inc. 3000 Bayport Drive, Suite 950

Tampa,
FL 33607

Attention:
Tim Canning

Email:
tcanning@danamhealth.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Dykema
Gossett PLLC

111
E. Kilbourn Ave., Suite 1050

Milwaukee,
WI 53202

Attention:
Kate Bechen

Email:
kbechen@dykema.com

9.2
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that
certain engagement letter between the Company and Craft Capital Management LLC, dated September 17, 2024 (the Engagement Letter),
shall remain in full force and effect.

9.5
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters,
the Company and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal
representatives, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns
shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.6
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that
any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid
and sufficient delivery thereof.

9.8
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature
Page Follows]

-31-

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very
truly yours,

WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

By: /s/
Tim Canning

Name: Tim
Canning

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf of itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule
1 hereto:

CRAFT
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC 

By: /s/
Stephen Kiront 

Name: Stephen Kiront 

Title: Chief Operating Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Wellgistics
Health, Inc. Announces Pricing of $4.0 Million Initial Public Offering

Tampa,
Florida, Feb. 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Wellgistics Health, Inc. (the Company), a holding company for various
existing and planned strategic businesses centered around healthcare technology and pharmaceutical services, today announced the pricing
of its initial public offering (the Offering) of 888,889 ordinary shares at a public offering price of $4.50 per ordinary
share. The ordinary shares have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and are expected to commence trading on February
21, 2025, under the ticker symbol WGRX.

The
Company expects to receive aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0 million from the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other
related expenses. The Offering is expected to close on or about February 24, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
With the Offering, the Company expects to increase capitalization, financial flexibility, increase visibility in the marketplace, and
create a public market for Common Stock. The net proceeds from the Offering will be primarily used for general corporate purposes, including
working capital, marketing initiatives, and capital expenditures.

The
Offering is being conducted on a firm commitment basis. Craft Capital Management LLC and D. Boral Capital LLC acted as underwriters for
the Offering (the Underwriters). Dykema Gossett PLLC is acting as securities counsel to the Company, and Sichenzia Ross
Ferrance Carmel LLP is acting as securities counsel to the Underwriters in connection with the Offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the Offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
(File Number: 333-280925) and was declared effective by the SEC on February 14, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus,
forming a part of the registration statement. Copies of the prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained, when available, from
Craft Capital Management LLC by standard mail to Craft Capital Management LLC, 377 Oak St, Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530 or
by email at info@craftcm.com, or by telephone at +1(516)-833-1325; or from D. Boral Capital LLC by standard mail to D. Boral Capital
LLC, 590 Madison Ave 39th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by email at info@dboralcapital.com, or by telephone at +1(212)-970-5150.
In addition, copies of the prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about
the Company and the Offering. This press release has been prepared for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer
to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Companys securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or
sale of any of the Companys securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About
Wellgistics Health, Inc.

Wellgistics
Health is a holding company for existing and future planned operating companies centered around healthcare technology and pharmaceutical
services. It seeks to be a micro health ecosystem, with a portfolio of companies consisting of a technology platform, pharmacy, and wholesale
operations that provide novel prescription hub and clinical services. Wellgistics Health is focused on improving the lives of patients
while delivering unique solutions for pharmacies, providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and payors. With the successful integration
of its patient-centric approach and innovative healthcare applications, Wellgistics Health intends to shift the dynamic of pharmaceutical
care to revolve around the patient for a wide range of therapeutic conditions by offering a full spectrum of integrated solutions as
a result of leveraging the synergies of its business segments to address access, care coordination, dispensing, delivery, and clinical
management of pharmaceutical products ranging from specialty-lite to general maintenance conditions. For more information,
please visit the Companys website: https://wellgisticshealth.com/

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals,
strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical
facts. When the Company uses words such as may, will, intend, should, believe,
expect, anticipate, project, estimate or similar expressions that do not relate
solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
the Companys statements regarding the expected trading of its Ordinary Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the closing of
the Offering. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause
the actual results to differ materially from the Companys expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. These statements
are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, the uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion
of the initial public offering on the anticipated terms or at all, and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section
of the registration statement filed with the SEC. For these reasons, among others, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance
upon any forward-looking statements in this press release. Additional factors are discussed in the Companys filings with the SEC,
which are available for review at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof.

For
more information, please contact:

IR@wellgistics.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Wellgistics
Health, Inc. Announces Closing of $4.0 Million Initial Public Offering

Tampa,
Florida, Feb. 24, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Wellgistics Health, Inc. (the Company), a holding company for various
existing and planned strategic businesses centered around healthcare technology and pharmaceutical services, today announced the closing
of its initial public offering (the Offering) of 888,889 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $4.50
per share. The shares have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced trading on February 21, 2025, under the
ticker symbol WGRX.

The
Company received $4.0 million in gross proceeds from the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, marketing initiatives,
and capital expenditures.

The
Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. Craft Capital Management LLC and D. Boral Capital LLC acted as underwriters for the
Offering (the Underwriters). Dykema Gossett PLLC acted as counsel to the Company, and Sichenzia Ross Ferrance Carmel LLP
acted as counsel to the Underwriters in connection with the Offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the Offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
(File Number: 333-280925) and was declared effective by the SEC on February 14, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus,
forming a part of the registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from Craft Capital
Management LLC by standard mail to Craft Capital Management LLC, 377 Oak St, Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530 or by email at info@craftcm.com,
or by telephone at +1(516)-833-1325; or from D. Boral Capital LLC by standard mail to D. Boral Capital LLC, 590 Madison Ave 39th
Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by email at info@dboralcapital.com, or by telephone at +1(212)-970-5150. In addition, copies
of the prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This
press release has been prepared for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an
offer to buy any of the Companys securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of any of the Companys
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About
Wellgistics Health, Inc.

Wellgistics
Health is a holding company for existing and future planned operating companies centered around healthcare technology and pharmaceutical
services. It seeks to be a micro health ecosystem, with a portfolio of companies consisting of a technology platform, pharmacy, and wholesale
operations that provide novel prescription hub and clinical services. Wellgistics Health is focused on improving the lives of patients
while delivering unique solutions for pharmacies, providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and payors. With the successful integration
of its patient-centric approach and innovative healthcare applications, Wellgistics Health intends to shift the dynamic of pharmaceutical
care to revolve around the patient for a wide range of therapeutic conditions by offering a full spectrum of integrated solutions as
a result of leveraging the synergies of its business segments to address access, care coordination, dispensing, delivery, and clinical
management of pharmaceutical products ranging from specialty-lite to general maintenance conditions. For more information,
please visit the Companys website: https://wellgisticshealth.com/

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals,
strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical
facts. When the Company uses words such as may, will, intend, should, believe,
expect, anticipate, project, estimate or similar expressions that do not relate
solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
the Companys statements regarding the expected trading of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the closing of the
Offering. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the
actual results to differ materially from the Companys expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. These statements
are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, the uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion
of the initial public offering on the anticipated terms or at all, and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section
of the registration statement filed with the SEC. For these reasons, among others, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance
upon any forward-looking statements in this press release. Additional factors are discussed in the Companys filings with the SEC,
which are available for review at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof.

For
more information, please contact:

IR@wellgistics.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wgrx-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>wgrx-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>wgrx-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42530

Entity Registrant Name WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002030763

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-3264234

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3000
Bayport Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
950

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33607

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 203-6092

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $.0001 per share

Trading Symbol WGRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globenewswire.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
wgrx-20250220.xsd 
wgrx-20250220_lab.xml 
wgrx-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008397-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002030763 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002030763 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
WELLGISTICS HEALTH, INC. 
DE 
001-42530 
93-3264234 
3000 Bayport Drive 
Suite 950 
Tampa 
FL 
33607 
(844) 
203-6092 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share 
WGRX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>