<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001753926-25-000153.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001753926-25-000153.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129120638
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-25-000153
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Greenbacker Renewable Energy Co LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563922
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55610
		FILM NUMBER:		25567805

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GREENBACKER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
		STREET 2:		230 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1560
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-237-7884

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GREENBACKER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
		STREET 2:		230 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1560
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g084673_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000156392200015639222025-01-292025-01-29iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025 (January 24, 2025)

Commission
file number: 000-55610

GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY CO LLC

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 80-0872648

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

230
Park Avenue, Suite
1560

New
York, NY10169

Tel
(646)237-7884

(Address,
including zip code and telephone number, including area code, of registrants Principal Executive Office)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2b under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Limited liability company interests N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers Election of Directors Appointment of Certain Officers Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers.

On
January 29, 2025, Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC (the Company) announced that its board of directors (the Board)
exercised its discretion to approve a separation agreement (the Separation Agreement) with Mr. Christopher Smith as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Separation Agreement, subject to certain conditions and Mr. Smiths execution, delivery and non-revocation of a release
of claims, Mr. Smith will be eligible to receive certain payments less all applicable tax withholdings and deductions, including a lump
sum cash severance payment of $366,666.00. Mr. Smith is required to comply with certain restrictive covenants regarding nondisclosure
of Company information and non-disparagement. The description of the Separation Agreement in this
Current Report on Form 8-K is a summary of, and is qualified in its entirety by, the terms of the Separation Agreement, which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

In
addition, on January 28, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)
appointed the Companys Head of Capital Markets, Mr. Carl Weatherley-White, age 64, as the Companys interim Chief Financial
Officer (Interim CFO), effective January 28, 2025. Mr. Weatherley-White joined Greenbacker in February 2024. Prior
to joining Greenbacker, he served as the Head of Renewable Investments at Advantage Capital from 2019 to February 2024. Previously, he
held the positions of CEO and CFO at VivoPower International, a global energy infrastructure firm, from 2016 to 2019. His prior experience
also includes Managing Director & Group Head of Global Project Finance at Barclays Capital and Lehman Brothers and Director of Energy
Structured Finance at Credit Suisse. He is a director and the Chair of the Audit Committee of Cypress Creek Partners a private strategies
manager with over $500 million of assets under management focused on middle market private equity and GP investments in emerging managers.

Michael
W. Cunningham will remain in his role as Principal Accounting Officer and acting Principal Financial Officer.

There
is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Weatherley-White and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as an officer
of the Company. Mr. Weatherley-White has no family relationship with any director or executive officer of the Company, or any person
nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. In addition, he is not party to any transaction required
to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Separation Agreement by and among the Company and Mr. Smith, dated January 28, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 29, 2025 Greenbacker
Renewable Energy Company LLC

By: 

/s/
Charles Wheeler

Name: Charles Wheeler

Title: Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>g084673_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SEPARATION
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

This
Separation Agreement and General Release (the Agreement) is made and entered into, as of the date of
the last signature below, by and between (i) Christopher Smith (Executive) (ii) Greenbacker Renewable Energy
Company, Greenbacker Administration, LLC, and Greenbacker Capital Management (Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company, Greenbacker
Administration, LLC, and Greenbacker Capital Management shall be referred to, collectively, as Employer).
This Agreement is entered into to resolve all matters between Executive and Employer. As used herein, the Parties to
this Agreement or the Parties shall refer collectively to Executive and Employer.

Whereas,
Executive has been employed by Employer for a period of time as Chief Financial Officer; and

Whereas,
Executive will resign his employment effective as of the date of this Agreement (the Resignation Date);

Whereas,
Employer wishes to offer Executive certain payments and benefits in exchange for Executives general release, as well
as other promises and covenants set forth in this Agreement;

Whereas,
the Parties entry into this Agreement is not an admission of liability by or on the part of any Party, nor shall this
Agreement be construed as such by the Parties.

Now
Therefore, in consideration of the covenants and mutual promises and agreements contained herein, and other valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, it is agreed as follows:

1. Resignation
Of Employment.

A. Executive
understands, acknowledges, and agrees that he will resign his employment with Employer effective on the Resignation Date. The
Parties understand, acknowledge, and agree that, as of the Resignation Date, (i) Executive will cease to be an employee or agent
of Employer and Employer Releasees, and (ii) he will no longer have any duties, responsibilities or powers as an employee or agent
of Employer and Employer Releasees.

B. Executive
understands, acknowledges, and agrees that he will not be re-employed by and does not possess any rights or claims to any future
employment with Employer or its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates or related companies (collectively, the Group Companies).
Executive further promises, covenants, and agrees that he will not knowingly apply for employment or otherwise seek to be hired,
rehired, or reinstated by any of the Group Companies. Executive agrees that should he apply for employment with any of the Group
Companies, such Group Company(ies) shall have cause to deny his application for employment without recourse and shall not be liable
for any damages now or in the future for its refusal to employ Executive.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

2. Representations
Regarding Proceedings. Executive represents, acknowledges, and agrees that, other than any reports, complaints or documents
(i) that he has previously disclosed or provided to Employer or to his counsel for production or disclosure to Employer or (ii)
about which he or his counsel has informed Employer, in writing, he has not filed any complaints, charges, claims, actions, administrative
charges, or legal proceedings against Employer or any of the Employer Releasees (as defined in Section 5 below) with any federal,
state, or local government agency, court, or other body (each individually a Proceeding), and agrees that
he will not file or initiate or cause to be filed or initiated on his behalf any Proceeding against Employer or any of the Employer
Releasees (as defined in Section 5 below), except as required or allowed by law, and (ii) waives any monetary benefit, recovery
or relief against Employer and the Employer Releasees (as defined in Section 5 below) arising out of any Proceeding (regardless
of who has filed or initiated the Proceeding), including any Proceeding conducted by the New York City Commission for Human Rights
(NYCCHR), New York State Division on Human Rights (NYSDHR), United States Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC), or a comparable state or local agency, unless otherwise allowed or required by applicable law.
Further, Executive understands that by entering into the Agreement, he will be limiting the availability of certain remedies that
he may have against Employer and also limiting his ability to pursue claims against the Employer Releasees (as defined in Section
5 below) with regard to claims against the Employer Releasees that accrued prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the above, nothing in this Section 2 shall be construed to interfere with Executives right to participate in an investigation
or proceeding conducted by the SEC, EEOC, NYCCHR or NYSDHR, or to file a charge or complaint with the SEC, EEOC, NYCCHR or NYSDHR,
or any applicable federal, state or local governmental administrative agency charged with enforcement of any law, or with any
protected right to participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by such administrative agency, or to recover any award
offered by such administrative agency associated with such charge or complaint.

3. Payments
To Executive For Release And Covenants.

A. In
consideration of the complete execution of this Agreement by the Parties, the covenants and promises contained herein, and the
final and irrevocable effectiveness of this Agreement, and as a material inducement for Executive to execute this Agreement, Employer
or its designee shall make the following payments and benefits within ten (10) business days of the last to occur of the following:
(i) Employers receipt of a signed copy of this Agreement by Executive; (ii) the Effective Date (see Paragraph 12 of this
Agreement for the definition of Effective Date) and (iii) Employers receipt of completed federal and
state forms W-4 and W-9 from Executive or his attorney:

i. Employer
or its designee shall deliver to Executive payment in the amount of Three Hundred
Sixty-Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-Six and 00/100 Dollars ($366,666.00),less
applicable withholdings for taxes and deductions (the Separation Payment).
Employer or its designee shall issue an IRS Form W-2 to Executive to reflect the payment
in this Section 3.A.i.

ii. Employer
or its designee shall deliver to Executives counsel, Rottenberg Lipman Rich, P.C.,
payment in the amount of Fifteen Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($15,000.00). The
Parties represent, acknowledge, and agree that the foregoing payment shall represent
a payment for attorneys fees and costs relating to advising Executive concerning
certain employment-related issues and the review and negotiation of this agreement, from
which no deductions shall be made. Employer or its designee shall issue IRS Forms 1099-MISC
to Rottenberg Lipman Rich, P.C., to reflect this payment. The parties acknowledge that
Executives counsel, Rottenberg Lipman Rich, P.C., has provided Employer with a
completed IRS W-9 Form on behalf of Rottenberg Lipman Rich, P.C., prior to the date of
this Agreement so that Employer or its designee can timely process the payment described
in this Section 3.A.ii.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

B. By
executing this Agreement, Executive acknowledges and agrees that no representation (including representations as to the taxability
of the payments made or received in conjunction with this separation), promise or inducement has been made to him other than as
set forth in this Agreement, and Executive enters into this Agreement without reliance upon any representation, promise or inducement
not set forth in this Agreement. Executive understands and acknowledges that Employer encourages him to seek the counsel of his
own tax advisor regarding these separation payments and Executive states that he has made his own decision regarding whether to
obtain the counsel of his own tax advisor. Executive further acknowledges that he has consulted with counsel and assumes the risk
for any mistake of facts now known or unknown, and that he assumes any and all personal liability under the tax laws of the United
States, and any other state thereof, arising out of the payments made under Section 3.A of this Agreement if such liability were
to be determined in the future.

C. Without
acknowledging that any taxes are due and payable on the money paid to him under this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that, with the exception of Employers obligation to withhold income taxes from and pay the employers
share of FICA, Medicare, FUTA and other payroll taxes on the payment referenced above in Section 3.A, (i) he alone is responsible
and liable for making, paying and satisfying any and all tax payments, tax liabilities, obligations, expenses, interest or penalties
that may arise out of or in connection with the payments made or received in conjunction with this separation, and (ii) he will
fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless Employer or its designee, and each or any of the Employer Releasees (as defined in Section
5 hereunder), from and against any and all such tax payments, tax liabilities, obligations, expenses (including reasonable attorneys
fees), interest or penalties arising out of or in connection with the failure of Executive to make or timely make any tax payments
that might be or become due on the payments made to or received by him in conjunction with this separation, or the failure of
Executive to report any such payments. In the event it is ever determined that state, federal or other taxes, penalties or interest
are due by Executive on the money paid to or on behalf of Executive under Section 3.A of this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that he will be solely and exclusively liable and responsible for payment of such taxes, penalties and interest and
that he will fully indemnify and hold harmless Employer or its designee from any and all liability for such taxes, penalties and
interest, and for any and all costs, fines, penalties or interest arising out of late payment of taxes or failure to pay taxes
due on the money paid pursuant to this Agreement or failure to report such payment, exclusive of any employer share of FICA, Medicare,
or FUTA taxes, penalties and interest the IRS might assess in addition to the employers share of FICA, Medicare or FUTA
taxes withheld on the payments set forth above.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

4. No
Other Payments Or Benefits. Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that upon his receipt of the payments described
in Section 3.A of this Agreement, (i) Employer will have paid him in full for any and all wages due and payable to him, (ii) Employer
will have paid him in full for any and all hours he worked or claims to have worked during his employment with Employer, (iii)
Employer will have paid him in full for any and all benefits promised to him during his employment with Employer, (iv) Employer
will not owe him any unpaid minimum wages, overtime wages, salary, commissions, or expenses, (v) Employer will not owe him contributions
toward his retirement benefits, including, without limitation, any and all contributions to any 401(k), pension, or defined benefit
plans, (vi) he will not be entitled to any other retirement benefits, wages, bonuses, commissions, expenses, payments or compensation
from Employer under any applicable federal and state wage and hour, wage payment or benefit laws, including, but not limited to,
New Yorks wage and hour and wage payment laws, and (vii) he will not be entitled to any other unvested equity, retirement
benefits, wages, commissions, bonuses, expenses, payments or compensation from Employer or any of the Employer Releases (as defined
in Section 5 below), including those due or promised under the Executive Protection Plan and associated attachments (EPP),
which Executive specifically waives, releases and discharges. However, nothing in this Section shall be construed to prevent Executives
eligibility for or receipt of any vested benefits under any retirement, pension, 401(k), or health plan, or any right Executive
might have to file a claim for or receive workers compensation indemnity or medical benefits.

5. Mutual
Release Of Claims. 

A.In
consideration of the obligations undertaken herein by Employer, Executive, for himself and his heirs, assigns, executors, administrators,
agents, successors in interest, and legal representatives, hereby expressly releases, acquits and forever discharges Employer,
its current and former parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and each and all of their current or former agents, representatives,
assigns, successors and insurers, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, and each of them (referred
to collectively as the Employer Releasees), of and from any and all claims, demands, complaints, liabilities,
causes of action, controversies, damages, charges, agreements, promises, obligations, rights, actions, remedies, suits, injuries,
debts, expenses, and claims for attorneys fees, whether at law or in equity, of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether
asserted or unasserted, whether known or unknown, whether disclosed or undisclosed, and whether suspected or unsuspected, which
Executive now has, owns or holds, or claims to have, own or hold, or which Executive at any time had, owned or held, or claimed
to have had, owned or held, against the Employer Releasees, and each or any of them, from the beginning of time up to and including
the date Executive executes this Agreement, including, but not limited to, (a) any and all claims, losses, injuries or damages
of any kind whatsoever resulting from, arising out of or connected directly or indirectly with Executives employment with
Employer or the termination of that employment, (b) any and all claims of any kind whatsoever resulting from, arising out of or
connected directly or indirectly with any other relationship between Executive and Employer or any of the Employer Releasees,
(c) any and all claims, charges and/or causes of action which Executive could have asserted or alleged in an administrative proceeding
or lawsuit against Employer, (d) any and all claims or rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act of 1990, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Civil
Rights Act of 1866, the Civil Rights Act of 1871, the Equal Pay Act, Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, Gramm Leech Bliley Act of 1999, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Worker Adjustment
and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, the National Labor Relations Act, Executive Order 11246, the Maine Human Rights Act,
the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Maine Wage Payment Law (26 M.R.S.A. 621-A, et seq., and 26 M.R.S.A. 661,
et seq.), Maine Family and Medical Leave Requirements, the New York State Human Rights Law (NY Exec. Law 290
to 301), New York State Labor Law, New York City Human Rights Law (NYC Admin. Code 8-101 to 8-703), New York State
Civil Rights Law (NY Civ. Rights Law 40-45), New York Workers Comp. Law 125, New York City Earned Safe
and Sick Time Act (NYC Admin. Code 20-911 to 20-924), or any other federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances
prohibiting employment discrimination, harassment or retaliation, (e) any and all claims or rights under any severance or pay-in-lieu-of-notice
plan or policy, (f) any and all rights, entitlements, claims or obligations of any kind whatsoever relating to, arising out of
or connected directly or indirectly with any employment agreements or compensation agreements with Employer or any of the Employer
Releasees, including the EPP, and (g) any other claims or rights under federal, state or local laws or common law, including,
without limitation, claims for breach of contract or claims for declaratory relief regarding the EPP.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

By
signing this Agreement, Executive promises, covenants, and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, never to commence,
prosecute or cause to be commenced or prosecuted any action or other proceeding based upon any claims, demands, causes of action,
obligations, damages, or liabilities which are released by this Agreement. Executive promises, covenants, and agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless Employer and each or any of the Employer Releasees, from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of
actions, obligations, damages, or liabilities, including court costs and reasonable attorneys fees, arising from any action
or proceeding brought, filed, or prosecuted by Executive in violation of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that
the above stated release releases and precludes any claims of which Executive is not now aware and of which he may only become
aware at some later date but have already occurred. Nevertheless, Executive fully and freely intends to and does, by executing
this Agreement, release any such claims.

Notwithstanding
the above or any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Section or any other provision of this Agreement shall prohibit
or interfere, or be construed or deemed to prohibit or interfere, with any protected right to file a charge or complaint with
any applicable federal, state or local governmental administrative agency charged with enforcement of any law, or with any protected
right to participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by such administrative agency, or to recover any award offered
by such administrative agency associated with such charge or complaint.

B.
In consideration of the obligations undertaken herein by Executive, Employer, for itself and its agents, successors in interest,
and legal representatives, hereby expressly releases, acquits and forever discharges Executive and his agents and representatives
of and from any and all claims, demands, complaints, liabilities, causes of action, controversies, damages, charges, agreements,
promises, obligations, rights, actions, remedies, suits, injuries, debts, expenses, and claims for attorneys fees, whether
at law or in equity, of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether asserted or unasserted, whether known or unknown, whether disclosed
or undisclosed, and whether suspected or unsuspected, which Employer now has, owns or holds, or claims to have, own or hold, or
which Employer at any time had, owned or held, or claimed to have had, owned or held, against Executive and his agents and representatives,
from the beginning of time up to and including the date Employer executes this Agreement, including, but not limited to, (a) any
and all claims, losses, injuries or damages of any kind whatsoever resulting from, arising out of or connected directly or indirectly
with Executives employment with Employer, (b) any and all claims of any kind whatsoever resulting from, arising out of
or connected directly or indirectly with any other relationship between Executive and Employer or any of the Employer Releasees,
(c) any and all claims, charges and/or causes of action which Employer could have asserted or alleged in an administrative proceeding
or lawsuit against Executive, and (d) any and all claims relating to any of the submissions described in Section 2 of this Agreement.
This release does not cover, however, any claims related to Executives breach of fiduciary duty to Employer, or violation
of state or federal laws relating to the protection of trade secrets and confidential information arising, in either case from
conduct or facts Employer is not aware of at the time of execution of this Agreement, which are not released by this Agreement.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

By
signing this Agreement, Employer promises, covenants, and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, never to commence,
prosecute or cause to be commenced or prosecuted any action or other proceeding based upon any claims, demands, causes of
action, obligations, damages, or liabilities which are released by this Agreement. Employer promises, covenants, and agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless Executive from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of actions, obligations,
damages, or liabilities, including court costs and reasonable attorneys fees, arising from any action or proceeding
brought, filed, or prosecuted by Employer in violation of this paragraph. Employer acknowledges and agrees that the above
stated release releases and precludes any claims of which Employer is not now aware and of which he may only become aware at
some later date but have already occurred, except for any claims related to Executives breach of fiduciary duty to
Employer, or violation of state or federal laws relating to the protection of trade secrets and confidential information, in
either case arising from conduct or facts Employer is not aware of at the time of execution of this Agreement, which are not
released through this Agreement. Nevertheless, except as otherwise provided for herein, Employer fully and freely intends to
and does, by executing this Agreement, release any such claims.

6. Attorneys
Fees. Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that, other than the payments set forth above in Section 3.A of this
Agreement, he alone is responsible and liable for paying any and all applicable attorneys fees and related costs and disbursements
he has incurred in connection with (i) his prior employment relationship with Employer and the termination of that relationship,
and (ii) the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement, and that Employer and each or any of the Employer Releasees have no responsibility
or obligation whatsoever to otherwise pay any of said attorneys fees and related costs and disbursements.

7. Mutual
Confidentiality. Subject to Section 10 of this Agreement, Executive promises, covenants and agrees not to discuss, disclose
or divulge the terms, contents or existence of this Agreement to any person, and not to show this Agreement to any person, except
his financial, legal or tax advisor or spouse (each of whom shall be informed of this confidentiality provision and must first
agree to keep this information confidential), or when otherwise required by law or process of law. Executive may also disclose
Section 25 of this Agreement to any of his employer(s) or prospective employer(s), only to the extent such disclosure is reasonably
required to secure cooperation from those employer(s) or prospective employer(s) to allow and enable Executive to comply with
the provisions of Section 25. The foregoing provision is not intended to prevent Executive from providing truthful and accurate
information as otherwise required by applicable law or for the specific purpose of enforcing the terms of this Agreement.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

Likewise,
Employer promises, covenants and agrees not to authorize anyone to discuss, disclose or divulge the terms, contents or existence
of this Agreement to any person, and not to show this Agreement to any person, except their auditors, investors, attorneys, valuation
expert(s), acquirors, or financial, legal or tax advisor (each of whom shall be informed of this confidentiality provision and
must first agree to keep this information confidential), or when otherwise required by law or process of law. Employer further
promises, covenants and agrees to instruct any of its employees who know the terms, contents or existence of this Agreement, or
have access to it, not to discuss, disclose or divulge the terms, contents or existence of this Agreement to any person, and not
to show this Agreement to any person, except Employers auditors, investors, attorneys, valuation expert(s), acquirors,
or financial, legal or tax advisor (each of whom shall be informed of this confidentiality provision and must first agree to keep
this information confidential), or when otherwise required by law or process of law. The foregoing provision is not intended to
prevent Employer from providing truthful and accurate information as otherwise required by applicable law or for the specific
purpose of enforcing the terms of this Agreement, or from disclosing otherwise public information.

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any prior confidentiality agreement between or among any of the Parties, Employer and
the Employer Releasees may disclose information relating to this Agreement, and any information provided by Executive or Executives
Attorneys, to Employer and the Employer Releasees investors, business partners, accountants, auditors, insurers, reinsurers,
attorneys, valuation expert(s), acquirors, or financial, legal or tax advisors, and to government agencies as required by law.
To the extent the permission of any court or government agency or a modification of any confidentiality order or protective order
is needed to implement the purposes of this provision, each Party agrees to cooperate in seeking such permission or modification.

8.Mutual
Non-Disparagement. Executive promises, covenants, and agrees that, except as required or allowed by applicable law or
process of law or as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, he will never say, write, express, communicate or relate anything
disparaging, defamatory or false about Employer or any of the Employer Releasees, or any of their business practices and activities,
except when the transmission of otherwise truthful statements is reasonably required by business necessity. Employer agrees
that, except as required or allowed by applicable law or process of law as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, or when the
transmission of otherwise truthful statements is reasonably required by business necessity, it will direct the Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Operations Officer and Chief Financial Officer not to make, and will not authorize anyone
to make, any statement (oral, written, or otherwise) that is disparaging, defamatory or false about Executive to any third party
who is not an officer or director of Employer or Employer Releasees. Written statements include, but are not limited to, posts
made on message boards, blogs, listservs, Web sites, Web forums, or similar electronic medium.

9. Non-Solicitation
Of Claims. Executive promises, covenants and agrees not to solicit, encourage or contact any person or entity concerning
the maintenance of any claims, actions, demands or lawsuits whatsoever against Employer or any of the Employer Releasees. Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to or shall prevent or interfere with or preclude Executive from responding truthfully to inquiries
made in connection with any legal or governmental proceeding pursuant to subpoena or other legal process. Further, nothing in
this paragraph shall be construed to limit the ability of Executive to truthfully report, testify and/or provide evidence to federal
and state agencies that enforce securities, employment or discrimination laws or to testify and provide evidence in federal and
state court proceedings.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

10. No
Interference With Rights. Executive acknowledges, understands, and agrees that nothing contained in this Agreement, specifically
including, but not limited to, Sections 5 (Release of Claims), 7 (Mutual Confidentiality), 8 (Mutual Non-Disparagement), and 9
(Non-Solicitation Of Third-Party Claims), is intended to or shall:

A. Prevent
the Parties from (i) making disclosures to, communicating with, or participating in or
cooperating with an investigation or proceeding conducted by any federal, state or local
government agency or authority charged with the enforcement of any laws, or (ii) providing
truthful and accurate information in response to inquiries from Employers government
regulators, or in response to lawfully issued legal process or a court order.

B. Interfere
with or limit in any way Executives right or ability to file a charge, complaint
or claim, or to communicate, with the SEC, EEOC, NYSDHR, NYCCHR or any comparable federal,
state or local agencies, or to cooperate with or participate in any investigation or
other action conducted by or proceeding brought before any such agencies, including providing
documents or other information. Such agencies have the authority to carry out their statutory
duties by investigating charges, complaints, and claims, issuing determinations, filing
lawsuits in court in their name, and/or taking any other action authorized under the
statutes they are charged with enforcing.

11. Employment
Verification. Executive agrees to refer any request for information from Executives employers or prospective employers
to Employers Chief People Officer, or designee. Employer hereby confirms that, consistent with its standard practice for
responding to requests for employment references about its former employees, upon receipt of a request for information from Executives
employers or prospective employers seeking verification of his employment with Employer, within five (5) business days Employer
will provide or confirm only Executives employment status, dates of employment and job title. If Executive fails to comply
with the obligations set forth in the first sentence of this Section, then Employers obligations under this Section shall
cease.

12. ADEA
Waiver And Revocation Rights. Executive acknowledges that this Agreement includes a waiver of his claims under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, and that he understands and acknowledges that he has a period of twenty-one (21) days within
which to consider the Agreement (the Consideration Period). Executive acknowledges and agrees that (a) he
may use as much of the twenty-one (21) day consideration period as he wishes prior to signing this Agreement, (b) he may voluntarily
decide to sign this Agreement prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day consideration period, (c) to the extent he decides
to sign this Agreement prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day consideration period, he waives him right to insist
upon the full twenty-one (21) day consideration period, (d) if he signs this Agreement prior to the expiration of the twenty-one
(21) day consideration period, he is doing so knowingly, freely and voluntarily, and (e) if Executive signs this Agreement before
expiration of the twenty-one (21) day consideration period, the revocation period will commence from that date. Executive further
acknowledges that he has seven (7) calendar days to revoke his consent to this Agreement (the Revocation Period).
If Executive decides to revoke his consent to this Agreement, he must do so by notifying the Employer in writing (by registered,
certified or overnight mail to the attention of: Chief People Officer, Greenbacker Capital, 230 Park Avenue, Suite 1560, NY 10169).
If Executive has signed and returned this Agreement and does not give Employer a written revocation notice before the seventh
(7) day of the revocation period, this Agreement will automatically become binding on Executive on the day following the expiration
of the revocation period (the Effective Date).

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

Employer
advises Executive in writing to talk with his attorney before executing this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, the Parties
represent, acknowledge and agree that they have had a full and fair opportunity to review the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
that they fully understand their right to discuss all aspects of this Agreement with their own attorneys, that they have availed
themselves of that right, that they have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and that they
are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

13. Medicare
Reporting Requirements. The Parties have considered Medicares interest in this matter, if any, and Executive declares
and expressly warrants that he is not Medicare eligible; is not 65 years of age or older; is not suffering from end stage renal
failure; and/or has not been denied Social Security disability benefits and appealing the denial; and therefore, no Medicare Set
Aside Allocation is being established. Executive attests that the claims released herein are not related to any illness or injury
for which Executive would apply or receive Medicare benefits. Executive understands that he is required by law to disclose this
information to Employer and its attorneys in connection with this Agreement. Executive understands that failure to do so may result
in penalties being assessed against Executive, the Parties, and attorneys. Executive declares and warrants that he is aware of
the requirements of the Medicare Secondary Payer Act (MSP), and Executive understands that Medicare has an interest
in recovering any benefits paid when it is used as a source of secondary payment. Executive therefore agrees to release, hold
harmless, and indemnify Employer and the Employer Releasees from any remedies, reprisals, or penalties that result from Executives
failure to disclose or release Executives status as a Medicare beneficiary. If any of the above information provided by
Executive is false or in any way incorrect, Executive shall be solely liable for any and all actions, causes of actions, penalties,
claims, costs, services, compensation, or the like resulting from these inaccuracies. Executive acknowledges that Medicare may
require him to exhaust the payments in Section 3.A on Medicare covered expenses should he become Medicare eligible within thirty
(30) months. Executive waives any claims for damages, including a private cause of action provided in the MSP, 42 U.S.C. Section
1395y(b)(3)(A), should Medicare deny coverage for any reason, including the failure to establish a set aside allocation to protect
Medicares interest.

14. Knowing
and Voluntary Agreement. The Parties to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that each of them has had a full opportunity
to review the terms and provisions of this Agreement and that each of them enters into this Agreement after appropriate investigation
and consideration of the meaning and effect of the terms of this Agreement and without reliance upon any representation of any
other Party to this Agreement other than those specifically set out herein and that they understand this Agreement constitutes
a final and complete release of all claims against the Party released, regardless of their kind or character, including any possible
existing claim which might be discovered in the future, unless otherwise provided for herein. By executing this Agreement, all
the Parties represent and agree that they have carefully read and fully understand all the provisions of this Agreement, and that
they are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

15. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof (other than the
provisions of Sections 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5), is held, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be invalid or unenforceable or to conflict
with any federal, state or local law, such portion or portions of this Agreement are hereby declared to be of no force or effect
in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and be construed as if such portion had
not been included. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for being unduly broad as written,
such provision shall be deemed amended to narrow its application to the extent necessary to make the provision enforceable according
to applicable law and shall be enforced as amended.

16. Remedies
Upon Breach. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach of any of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude or limit any party from asserting claims or filing a lawsuit
for the purpose of (i) recovering moneys paid under this Agreement, (ii) enforcing rights under this Agreement, or (iii) pursuing
any other rights and remedies available under law, including equitable relief, injunctive relief, and damages. In the event either
Party commences any legal action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding or other formal process (collectively, an Action)
related to the breach or alleged breach of any provision of this Agreement, or any claim(s) against the other not released herein,
the non-substantially prevailing Party in such Action shall reimburse the substantially prevailing Party for the substantially
prevailing Partys reasonable attorneys fees and costs related to such Action.

17. Waiver
Of Breach. A waiver by any Party of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed
as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement or of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions of this Agreement.
The understandings and representations of the Parties set forth in this Agreement shall survive any breach of this Agreement and
be enforceable by any non-breaching Party.

18. Interpretation
Of Agreement. The Parties to this Agreement acknowledge that (a) this Agreement and its reduction to final written form
are the result of good faith negotiations between the Parties through their respective counsel, (b) said counsel have carefully
reviewed and examined this Agreement before execution by said Parties, or any of them, and (c) any statute or rule of construction
that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Parties shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement.

19. Assignability
And Binding Effect. This Agreement, and all the provisions contained herein, shall be binding upon, and shall inure to
the benefit of and shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and legal representatives of Executive,
and shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Employer and its respective successors and assigns. This Agreement may be
transferred or assigned by Employer but Employer shall remain fully responsible for fulfilling its financial obligations hereunder.
Executive may not delegate, assign, transfer, or otherwise convey or dispose of this Agreement, or any rights hereunder, and any
such attempted delegation, assignment, or disposition by Executive shall be null, void and without effect.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

20. Governing
Law. This Agreement and any disputes arising in connection with it shall be construed and governed in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.

21. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the
same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one Agreement.

22. Further
Assurances. The Parties agree to give such further assurances and to execute such documents as may be necessary to correct,
confirm and effectuate this Agreement.

23. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, and that certain side letter of even date hereof the form of which is attached as Exhibit A,
contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the matters set forth herein and supersedes and replaces any
and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, promises or understandings of any kind between the parties, excluding
only any agreements or promises by Executive relating to confidentiality or non-disclosure of Employer information or property,
which shall remain in full force and effect. No modification, amendment, or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both Parties.

24. Waiver
Of Trial By Jury. Each of the Parties to this Agreement hereby waives any right to trial by jury on any claim, counterclaim,
setoff, demand action or cause of action (i) arising out of or in any way pertaining or relating to this Agreement, or (ii) in
any way connected with or pertaining or related to or incidental to any dealings of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement,
whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise. The Parties agree that they may
file a copy of this Agreement with any court or arbitrator as written evidence of the knowing, voluntary, and bargained agreement
between the Parties irrevocably to waive trial by jury.

25. Cooperation.
In the event that a subpoena or other lawful process is properly served upon the Executive requiring production or disclosure
of information or documents concerning: (i) any other persons employment with, or termination of employment from, Employer;
or (ii) any aspect of the Employers business, the Executive shall promptly notify the General Counsel of the Employer and
shall provide them with copies of any subpoena or other process served upon the Executive. Executive shall thereafter make such
information and documents (except documents or information for the disclosure of which is protected by disclosure privilege, confidentiality
restrictions, or applicable law) available to Employer for inspection and copying at a reasonable time and place designated by
Employer prior to their production. In the event that the subpoena or other process requires testimony or statements from the
Executive, the Executive agrees to meet, telephonically or in person, with attorneys or agents designated by the Employer, at
a reasonable time and place designated by the Employer and prior to giving the testimony or the production of documents, for the
purpose of discussing the same.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

Nothing
herein shall give Employer the right to control or dictate the content of any testimony given by the Executive, or any documents
produced by Executive pursuant to subpoena or other lawful process, except when Employer has a good faith claim that such testimony
is protected by applicable privilege or work product protections. It is understood that the Executive shall provide all information
lawfully required of the Executive but shall not waive any matters of attorney-client privilege belonging to the Employer without
the Employers express consent. In the event that the Employer or any investigator, auditors, attorneys, or agents designated
in writing by Employer to Executive (together, with the Employer, the Requesting Party) requires any information
or testimony from the Executive in connection with (a) any claim or complaint made against Employer, (b) any claims or complaints
made by Employer against persons or entities not party to this Agreement, (c) any claims, complaints, investigations or proceedings
conducted by any state or federal agencies, or (d) any investigations or audits by internal or external investigators, attorneys,
auditors or other agents of Employer into the Employers affairs, the Executive agrees to cooperate fully, including: (i)
appearing at any deposition, trial, hearing or arbitration; (ii) meeting telephonically or in person with the Requesting Party,
at a reasonable time and place designated by Employer and prior to the giving of testimony, for the purpose of discussing such
testimony; (iii) meeting telephonically or in person with the Requesting Party, at a reasonable time and place designated by Employer
for the purpose of cooperating or assisting with the completion of any investigations or audits of Employer; and (iv) providing
the Requesting Party with any relevant documentation or information in the Executives custody, control or possession, upon
request by the Requesting Party. For the purpose of sub-section (iv) of this paragraph, relevant documentation and information
include, without limitation, any documents or information related to or arising from the allegations, facts and circumstances
surrounding any claim, complaint, proceeding, trial, deposition, arbitration, hearing, proceeding, investigation, audit, or other
formal or informal legal proceeding, including reports filed with government agency and identities of entities and individuals
Executive has spoken with regarding the relevant information and documentation described herein. Executive will respond to any
such requests from the Requesting Party within five (5) business days or as soon as reasonably practicable and after written notice.
Executive further agrees that Executive will reasonably cooperate with any Requesting Party, and will respond to reasonable requests
by any Requesting Party, for information about Employers business activities during the period when Executive was employed
by Employer.

With
respect to Executives cooperation with any Requesting Party, Employer agrees (A) that Employer will not unreasonably insist
on Executives cooperation in a manner that unreasonably conflicts with Executives job search, or his duties and
responsibilities to any future employer or other business partner, and (B) unless otherwise provided for herein, to pay, or reimburse
Executive, for Executives documented expenses that Executive reasonably incurs in connection with his cooperation under
this Section 25, which expenses the Employer determines, in good faith, to be reasonable. The documented expenses described in
this sub-Section 25(B) include reasonable attorneys fees Executive incurs in connection with his cooperation under this
Section 25. Employer agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for such approved expenses under this Section within 45 calendar days
after receiving reasonable and appropriate supporting documentation for such expenses.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

26. Non-Solicitation
of Employees and Contractors. Executive agrees that, for a period of one (1) year following the execution of this Agreement,
he shall not, directly or indirectly, on his behalf or on behalf of any other Person, solicit or induce, attempt to solicit or
induce, or assist another in attempting to solicit or induce, anyone who Executive knows was an employee or independent contractor
of Employer or Employer Releasees within the then immediately preceding 12-month period ending on the Resignation Date to leave
their or its employment or engagement with the Employer or accept employment elsewhere, provided that general advertisements or
solicitation campaigns shall not violate this paragraph.

27. Return
Of Property. Executive acknowledges and agrees that all property (including, without limitation, laptops, cell phones,
electronic equipment or other company-issued property), materials, documents and information relating in any way to the business
of Employer, including, but not limited to, Confidential Information disclosed to, or provided to, or acquired by, or generated
by, Executive, or which Executive had access to or care, custody or control of during the course of his employment with Employer,
remains the sole and exclusive property of Employer, and that Executive has returned all such property to Employer. In the event
that Executive discovers any additional company-issued property remains in his possession, custody or control after the Resignation
Date, Executive acknowledges and agrees to return to Employer any such additional property within three (3) business days after
the Executive discovers that such company-issued property is in his possession, custody or control.

28. Non-Disclosure
of Confidential Information. Executive promises and agrees to maintain and ensure the strictest confidentiality of all
confidential and proprietary information and materials concerning the business and practices of Employer which are not available
generally to the public, confidential information of Employers clients, customers, investors, business partners, projects,
contractors, Employers confidential customer lists, or confidential personnel information or confidential business information
(specifically including, but not limited to: financial information; business forecasts and plans; marketing plans and promotional
plans, proposals or strategies; client and customer lists and information; prospect lists and information; pricing information
and methods; business methods; contracts; personnel information) (referred to collectively as Confidential Information),
and not to directly or indirectly disclose or reveal any Confidential Information to any entity or person outside of Employer,
and not to retain, use or misappropriate any Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever. Employee is advised that, pursuant
to Section 7(b) of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, he shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or
State trade secret law for the disclosure of a Trade Secret that (a) is made: (1) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local
government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such
filing is made under seal.

29. Arbitration.

A. 
General. The Executive and Employer agree that any dispute, controversy, or claim (collectively, Claim) arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the Executives employment by the Employer, will be finally resolved by binding
arbitration. By agreeing to arbitration, the Parties acknowledge that they waive their right to bring a claim or lawsuit
in court, waive their right to a jury trial, and that the sole forum for resolving claims relating to this Agreement shall be
in arbitration. The Parties further acknowledge that they have evaluated the costs of arbitration, consulted with their
respective attorneys, and agree that the costs and expenses of arbitration will not in any way deter, limit or prevent them from
enforcing or protecting their rights under this Section. 

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

B. 
Initiation of Arbitration. In the event the Executive wishes to begin an arbitration proceeding under this Section,
the Executive shall send a letter by first class mail or by any nationally recognized delivery service requesting arbitration
and describing the Executives Claim to the Employer to: 

Peter
Hale, Esq.

Pierce
Atwood LLP

254
Commercial Street

Portland,
ME 04101

In
the event the Employer wishes to begin an arbitration proceeding under this Section, the Employer shall send a letter by first
class mail or by any nationally recognized delivery service requesting arbitration and describing the Employers Claim to
the Executive to: 

Harry
W. Lipman, Esq.

Rottenberg
Lipman Rich, P.C.

The
Helmsley Building

230
Park Avenue, 18th Floor

New
York, NY 10169

C. 
Forum. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Rules. 
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.

D. 
Stipulations as to Forum. The Parties agree to the following with respect to any arbitration: (a) a single arbitrator
shall decide any claim; (b) the location of the AAA proceeding shall be located in the County of New York, State of New York;
(c) the arbitration will be conducted in the English language; (d) New York law shall apply; (e) judgment on the award rendered
by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement,
each party is responsible for his or its own attorneys fees, subject to any remedies to which that party may later be entitled
under applicable law. Fees for the arbitration and/or the arbitrator will be apportioned equally between the parties or
as otherwise required by applicable law. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, shall have exclusive
authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, unconscionability, arbitrability, enforceability,
or formation of this arbitration agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this arbitration agreement is void or
voidable.

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

E. 
Enforcement of Arbitration Provision. This Section is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution
of disputes arising out of this Agreement. In the event any portion of this Section is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of
this Section will be enforceable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party
seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If for any reason
a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the claim shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the
County of New York, State of New York. The Executive waives any right to a jury trial.

F. 
Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, either Party shall have the right to seek
injunctive or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction to enforce this Agreement. For purposes of seeking
injunctive relief, Employer and the Executive hereby consent to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the
County of New York, State of New York.

[The
remainder of this page is left blank intentionally.]

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

In
Witness Whereof, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date and year set forth below.

I,
Christopher Smith, have read everything in this Agreement, and I understand everything that is in this Agreement. I understand
that this Agreement is a contract and a legal document and that I should talk to my lawyer about it before signing it. I understand
and have been told by Employer that I may take 21 days to decide whether or not I want to sign this Agreement. I acknowledge and
agree that if I decide to sign this Agreement prior to considering it for 21 days, I do so knowingly and voluntarily and by so
doing waive my right to use the full 21 days to consider this Agreement. I hereby state that I have had all of the time I want
and need to talk to a lawyer about this Agreement before signing it. No one has made me any promises to get me to sign this Agreement,
except for the promises that are written on this Agreement itself. No one has forced me to sign this Agreement and I sign it of
my own free will. I understand that I can cancel this Agreement within 7 days if I want to. I hereby accept and agree to all of
the terms of this Agreement.

Date: January 24, 2025 /s/ Christopher Smith

Christopher Smith

Greenbacker Renewable
Energy Company,

Greenbacker Administration, LLC, and

Greenbacker Capital Management

Date: January 28, 2025 By: /s/
Charles Wheeler 

Name: Charles Wheeler

Their: 

Employer: _________

Executive: _________

Exhibit
A: Side Letter

[Employer
Letterhead]

January
, 2025

Christopher
Smith

Dear
Chris:

For
good and valuable consideration, Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company, Greenbacker Administration, LLC, and Greenbacker Capital
Management (Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company, Greenbacker Administration, LLC, and Greenbacker Capital Management shall be
referred to, collectively, as Employer) agrees to release and discharge you from any contractual liability or obligations
between you and Employer related to non-competition or non-solicitation of clients, as well as any other similar restrictive covenant(s)
related to your employment with Employer, except for any such covenants, contracts or agreements related to (i) non-solicitation
of Employers employees and contractors, and (ii) non-disclosure of Employers confidential or proprietary information,
which shall remain in full force and effect. Any such restrictive covenants, non-competition or non-solicitations provisions
released by this letter agreement are considered null and void. 

Signed:

On
behalf of Employer

Its:
___________________

Employer: _________

Executive: _________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cik0001563922-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cik0001563922-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cik0001563922-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55610

Entity Registrant Name GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY CO LLC

Entity Central Index Key 0001563922

Entity Tax Identification Number 80-0872648

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 230
Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
1560

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10169

City Area Code (646)

Local Phone Number 237-7884

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://greenbackercapital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0001563922-20250129.xsd 
cik0001563922-20250129_lab.xml 
cik0001563922-20250129_pre.xml 
g084673_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001753926-25-000153-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g084673_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001563922 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001563922 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
000-55610 
GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY CO LLC 
DE 
80-0872648 
230 Park Avenue 
Suite 1560 
New York 
NY 
10169 
(646) 
237-7884 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>