<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-008430.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-008430.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117161618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-008430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000836147
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				341585111
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36613
		FILM NUMBER:		25538863

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15985 E HIGH ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 35
		CITY:			MIDDLEFILED
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44062-9263
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4406321666

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15985 EAST HIGH STREET
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 35
		CITY:			MIDDLEFIELD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44062-9263
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d924296d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORPfalse000083614700008361472025-01-142025-01-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

January 14, 2025

(Date of Report: Date of earliest event reported)

Middlefield Banc Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ohio

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

001-36613

(Commission File Number)

34-1585111

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

15985 East High Street

Middlefield, Ohio44062

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(440) 632-1666

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(not applicable)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, no par value MBCN 

The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC

(NASDAQ Capital Market)

Item 5.02(e) 

Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Middlefield Banc Corp. (the Company) made conditional stock awards in the form of performance stock units (PSUs) and restricted stock units (RSUs) to executive officers, including President and Chief Executive Officer President Ronald L. Zimmerly, Jr. and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael C. Ranttila. Pursuant to the Compensation Committees awards, Mr. Zimmerly received 16,016 PSUs and 6,864 RSUs and Mr. Ranttila received 6,649 PSUs and 4,433 RSUs. The awards were granted through the Companys 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. 

The conditional stock awards provide a variable pay opportunity through a combination of performance shares and restricted shares. The program is designed to reinforce the long-term alignment of the Companys executives with the interests of our stockholders. PSU shares are intended to strengthen our pay-for-performance philosophy while time-vested RSU shares are granted to promote share ownership and executive retention. 

Vesting of the PSUs is based on achievement of the Companys return on average assets (ROAA) compared to a custom peer group of publicly traded banks and bank holding companies ranging in asset size from $1 billion to $5 billion. The earned shares will be adjusted based on the percentile rank of the Companys total shareholder return compared to the same index. Recipients of the PSUs can earn between 0% and 187.5% of their target award opportunity. If achievement warrants and the recipient remains employed by the Company, PSUs vest after the three-year performance period ending December 31, 2027. The PSUs will vest immediately if a recipients employment terminates due to death, assuming that target performance is achieved through the date of employment termination, and in the event a recipients employment terminates during the performance period due to disability, termination without cause or for good reason, or recipients retirement as defined in the recipients PSU award agreement, the recipients PSUs will be earned as if the recipient had remained continuously employed through end of the performance period. 

In the event a change in control of the Company occurs prior to the last day of the performance period, the level of achieved performance of the performance goals will be assumed to have been met at the greater of the target or actual performance level through the date of the change in control (CIC Earned Units), and (A) if the successor entity to the Company assumes a recipients PSU award agreement, the CIC Earned Units will be converted into time-based restricted stock units of the successor entitys common shares and shall either (1) become 100% vested on the last day of the performance period, provided the recipient remains continuously employed with the successor entity through such date, or (2) become 100% vested if within 24 months following the change in control the successor entity terminates the recipients employment without cause or the recipient terminates employment for good reason; or (B) if the successor entity does not assume a recipients PSU award agreement in the change in control, the recipient will become 100% vested in the CIC Earned Units. 

The RSUs are time-based restricted shares that vest equally over three years on the anniversary date of the grant. Awards vest automatically upon a recipients employment termination due to death, disability, or termination without cause or for good reason. If a recipient retires, as defined in the recipients RSU award agreement, during the RSU vesting period, the recipients unvested RSUs will continue to vest as if the recipient had remained continuously employed through each vesting date. 

Upon a change in control of the Company, if the successor entity to the Company assumes a recipients RSU award agreement, the unvested RSUs will continue to vest as common shares of the successor entity in accordance with the RSUs vesting schedule. If within 24 months of the change in control the successor entity terminates the recipients employment without cause or the recipient terminates employment for good reason, the RSUs shall become 100% vested on the date of such termination of employment. If the successor entity in the Companys change in control does not assume the recipients RSU award agreement, the unvested RSUs will become 100% vested on the date of the change in control. 

This summary of the PSU and RSU awards does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copies of the form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement and the form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement attached as exhibits to this Form 8-K Current Report. 

Item 9.01(d): 

Exhibits 

10.1 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement 

10.2 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

104 Cover Page Interactive File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP.

Date: January 17, 2025 

/s/ Ronald L. Zimmerly, Jr.

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d924296dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP. 

2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY PLAN 

PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

1. Grant of Performance Share Units. Middlefield Banc Corp. (Middlefield), an Ohio corporation, hereby awards to
___________ (the Participant) _____ performance share units (PSUs) (Target Award Opportunity). Based on the level of achieved performance against the performance goals set forth in this Agreement over the
three-year period ending December 31, 2027 (Performance Period), the Participant will vest in a specified percentage of the Target Award Opportunity, which percentage may range from zero percent to 187.5% of the Target Award
Opportunity. Each PSU represents Middlefields unsecured promise to pay Participant a single share of Middlefield common stock (Share) for each PSU which vests in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 2017 Omnibus
Equity Plan. Unless and until the PSUs vest, the Participant will have no right to receive Shares under such PSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any vested PSUs, such PSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company.
This award is subject to the terms and conditions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan and this Agreement. Terms that are defined in the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan are used in this Agreement as they are defined in the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. 

2. Date of the Award. The date of this Agreement is as of __________ (the Grant Date). 

3. Determination of Number of PSUs Earned. The number of PSUs which are earned at the end of the Performance Period will be based on
achieved performance against the Performance Goals set forth in the Appendix to this Agreement. 

4. Vesting of Earned PSUs; Eligibility
for Payout. The Participant must be continuously employed during the entire Performance Period and up to the Payment Date to vest in any earned PSUs and to be eligible for a payout of the Participants earned PSUs, if any. If the
Participants employment is terminated prior to the Payment Date (as defined below), then the Participant shall forfeit all PSUs and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payout of the PSUs, except as otherwise expressly provided in
Section 6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participants employment is terminated after the end of the Performance Period but prior to the Payment Date due to death, Disability, Retirement, involuntary termination without cause or
Good Reason termination, then any earned PSUs shall be paid to the Participant (or, if applicable, the Participants estate or legal representative) in accordance with Section 5. 

5. Timing and Form of Payment. Each PSU earned by the Participant pursuant to Section 3 and entitled to payout under Section 4
shall be settled by the payment of one Share to the Participant within sixty (60) days after the end of the Performance Period (Payment Date). 

6. Effect of Death, Disability, Involuntary Termination without Cause, Good Reason Termination and Retirement Prior to End of Performance
Period. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Participant terminates employment prior to the end of the Performance Period due to death, Disability, involuntary termination without Cause, Good Reason termination or Retirement, the
Participants PSUs shall vest and be paid in accordance with the following: 

1 

(a) Death. If Participants employment terminates due to death, the
Participants PSUs will fully vest on the date of such employment termination assuming the achievement of target performance through the date of such employment termination and shall be paid within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of
such employment termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the PSUs are considered deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, settlement of such PSUs shall be made pursuant to their original schedule if
necessary to comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 

(b) Disability. If Participants employment terminates due
to Disability, the Participants PSUs will be earned in accordance with Section 3 as if the Participant had remained continuously employed through end of the Performance Period and such earned PSUs shall be paid in accordance with
Section 5. 

(c) Termination by Middlefield without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason. If Middlefield terminates
Participants employment without Cause, or Participant terminates Participants employment with Middlefield for Good Reason, the Participants PSUs will be earned in accordance with Section 3 as if the
Participant had remained continuously employed through end of the Performance Period and such earned PSUs shall be paid in accordance with Section 5. 

(d) Retirement. If Participants employment terminates due to Retirement, the Participants PSUs will be earned in accordance
with Section 3 as if the Participant had remained continuously employed through the end of the Performance Period and such earned PSUs shall be paid in accordance with Section 5. 

7.Effect of a Change in Control. In the event a Change in Control occurs prior to the last day of the Performance Period, the
level of achieved performance of the performance goals set forth on the attached Appendix shall be assumed to have been met at the greater of the target or actual performance level through the date of such Change in Control (CIC Earned
Units), and (A) if the buyer or successor (Successor Entity) to Middlefield in such Change in Control assumes this Agreement, the CIC Earned Units shall be converted into time-based restricted stock units (which restricted
stock units must relate to common shares issued by the Successor Entity or an entity related to the Successor Entity and such common share must be listed on a U.S. national securities exchange) and shall either (1) become 100% vested on the
last day of the Performance Period provided Participant remains continuously employed with the Successor Entity through such date or (2) become 100% vested if within twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control the Successor
Entity terminates the Participants employment without Cause or the Participant terminates employment for Good Reason; or (B) if the Successor Entity does not assume this Agreement, the Participant shall become 100% vested in the CIC
Earned Units. CIC Earned Units under this Section 7 will be paid to the Participant within thirty (30) days of the date of vesting. The Plan Committee, as comprised prior to the date of the Change in Control shall make any and all
determinations under this Section 7 including but not limited to the determination of the level of actual performance through the date of the 

2 

Change in Control, the conversion of CIC Earned Units to time-based restricted stock units and the determination of whether the Successor Entity has effectively assumed this Agreement.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Section 7, to the extent such time-based restricted stock units are considered deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, settlement of the restricted stock
units shall be made pursuant to their original schedule if necessary to comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 

8. Effect
of Termination by Middlefield for Cause. If Middlefield terminates Participants employment for Cause at any time prior to the Payment Date, Participant will forfeit all PSUs. 

(a) Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(i) 

Cause will have the meaning of involuntary termination with cause set forth in
Section 1(d) of the Change in Control Agreement between Middlefield and the Participant. 

(ii) 

Good Reason will have the meaning of voluntary termination with good reason in
Section 1(e) of the Change in Control Agreement between Middlefield and the Participant. 

(iii) 

Disability means because of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be
expected to result in death or that can be expected to last for a continuous period of at least 12 months, (x) the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity, or (y) the Participant is receiving income replacement
benefits for a period of at least three months under an accident and health plan of Middlefield. Medical determination of Disability may be made either by the Social Security Administration or by the provider of an accident or health plan covering
employees of Middlefield provided, however, that, to the extent the PSUs are considered deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, means that a Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code. 

(iv) 

Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment by the Participant that meets each of the
following requirements: 

a. 

The Participant has attained at least age sixty (60) years and has completed at least five (5) years
of continuous service with Middlefield by the date of employment termination; 

b. 

The Participant has provided to the Chair of the Board of Directors of Middlefield written notice of the
Participants intent to retire at least six (6) months prior to the intended retirement date; 

3 

c. 

The Participant has completed at least nine (9) months of continuous service with Middlefield following
the Grant Date by the date of employment termination; and 

d. 

The Participant has entered into a restrictive covenant agreement in a form acceptable to Middlefield, which
agreement shall include, but not be limited to, the following restrictive covenants: (i) non-compete,(ii) non-solicitation of customers, (iii) non-solicitation of employees, (iv) non-disclosure and (iv) non-disparagement. If Participant should violate any
restrictive covenant, Participant shall forfeit any unvested PSUs and any vested PSU which have yet to be paid and Middlefield may seek to recoup any Shares (or the cash equivalent of such shares) paid to the Participant under this Agreement.

(v) 

Years of service means a period of continual service with Middlefield or a Related Entity and shall
include a Participants service with a financial institution that Middlefield or a Related Entity has acquired. 

9.
PSUs Are Not Transferable. PSUs granted to Participant under this Agreement may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, exchanged, encumbered, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution, or pursuant to a domestic relations order. Middlefield is entitled to disregard any attempt by the Participant to sell, transfer, pledge, assign, or otherwise alienate or hypothecate any vested or unvested PSUs or any interest in any
vested or unvested PSUs, and any such sale, transfer, pledge, assignment, or other alienation or hypothecation is void and of no force or effect. 

10. Rights as a Stockholder. Until Shares are distributed to the Participant in connection with the vesting of any PSUs in accordance
with this Agreement and the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan, the Participant will have none of the associated rights of a stockholder with respect to such shares under Ohio law and Middlefields Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations, and
the Participant will not be entitled to exercise voting power with respect to such shares or receive cash dividends declared by Middlefields board of directors with respect to such shares. 

11. The 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan Governs. The award of PSUs and this Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2017
Omnibus Equity Plan, as well as any rules of the Plan Committee under the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan, the
provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan will govern. The Participant acknowledges having received a copy of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. The Participant is familiar with the terms and provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan and accepts this
award subject to all the terms and provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. The Participant agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of Middlefields board of directors or Plan Committee having to
do with the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan or this Agreement. 

4 

12. Certificates; Delivery of Shares. At the discretion of Middlefield, Shares may be
delivered to Participant by book-entry credit to an account in the Participants name established by Middlefield with the Middlefields transfer agent, or upon written request from the Participant (or the Participants personal
representative, beneficiary or estate, as the case may be) in certificates in the Participants name (or the Participants personal representative, beneficiary or estate). If certificates are issued, they will bear any restrictive legends
that Middlefield considers necessary or desirable. 

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan supersede
any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and constitute the sole agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter. All prior
negotiations and agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement are merged in this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements concerning the PSUs
have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party that are not contained in this Agreement or in the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. Each party acknowledges that any agreement, statement, or promise concerning the PSUs that is not
contained in this Agreement, or the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan is not valid, is not binding, and is of no force or effect. 

14.
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are solely for convenience of reference and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

15. Notices. All written notices, requests, and other communications hereunder will be duly given if delivered by hand or mailed,
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, to the following addresses or to such other address as either party may designate by like notice. If to Middlefield, notice must be given to Middlefield Banc Corp., 15985
East High Street, P.O. Box 35, Middlefield, Ohio 44062, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, or to such other address as Middlefield designates to the Participant in writing. If to the Participant, notice must be given to the Participant at the
Participants address appearing on the signature page of this Agreement, or to such other address as the Participant designates to Middlefield. 

16. Taxes. The Participant is hereby advised to consult immediately with his or her own tax advisor about the tax consequences of this
Agreement. Participant hereby agrees that Middlefield does not have a duty to design or administer this Agreement or the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan in a manner that minimizes Participants tax liabilities. Participant shall not make any claim
against the Company, or any of its officers, directors, employees or Related Entities related to tax liabilities arising from the PSUs granted under this Agreement. 

17. Tax Withholding. The payment of Shares under this Agreement is subject to tax withholding which shall be made in accordance with
Section 15.4 of 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. 

18. No Registration Rights. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that Middlefield
and its Related Entities have no obligation to register the Participants offer and sale of the shares awarded under this Agreement under the Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any state. 

5 

19. Recoupment Rights. The PSUs and any Shares paid under this Agreement to the
Participant will be subject to any recoupment and forfeiture policy that Middlefield may have adopted prior to or on or after the Grant Date. 

20. Post-Employment Restrictions. The restrictions in this Section 20 have been negotiated, presented to, and accepted by the
Participant contemporaneous with the offer and acceptance by the Participant of this Agreement. 

(a) Promise of no solicitation. The
Participant promises and agrees that during the Restricted Period (as defined below) and in the Restricted Territory (as defined below) the Participant will1: 

(i) 

not directly or indirectly solicit or attempt to solicit any Customer (as defined below) to accept or purchase
Financial Products or Services (as defined below) of the same nature, kind, or variety as provided to the Customer by Middlefield or a Related Entity during the one-year immediately before the
Participants employment termination with Middlefield or a Related Entity, 

(ii) 

not directly or indirectly influence or attempt to influence any Customer, joint venturer, or other business
partner of Middlefield or a Related Entity to alter that person or entitys business relationship with Middlefield or the Related Entity in any respect, and 

(iii) 

not accept the Financial Products or Services business of any Customer or provide Financial Products or
Services to any Customer on behalf of anyone other than Middlefield or a Related Entity. 

(b) Promise of no
raiding/hiring. The Participant promises and agrees that during the Restricted Period the Participant will not solicit or attempt to solicit and will not encourage or induce in any way any Participant, joint venturer, or business partner of
Middlefield or a Related Entity to terminate an employment or contractual relationship with Middlefield or the Related Entity. The Participant agrees that the Participant will not hire any person employed by Middlefield or a Related Entity during
the one-year period before the Participants employment termination with Middlefield or a Related Entity or any person employed by Middlefield or a Related Entity during the Restricted Period. 

1 

For example, the promise of no solicitation applies if the Participant is conducting prohibited business in the
Restricted Territory or if the entity with, for, or to whom the Participant is conducting prohibited business is located within the Restricted Territory. 

6 

(c) Promise of no disparagement. The Participant promises and agrees that during the
Restricted Period the Participant will not cause statements to be made (whether written or oral) that reflect negatively on the business reputation of Middlefield or a Related Entity. 

(d) Acknowledgment and remedies. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Section 20 have been
negotiated and carefully determined to be reasonable and necessary for the protection of Middlefields legitimate business interests. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that a violation of Section 20 is likely to cause immediate and
irreparable harm to Middlefield, requiring injunctive relief. If a breach or threatened breach by the Participant of any provision of this Agreement occurs, Middlefield and its successors and assigns may without bond obtain an injunction restraining
the Participant from violating the terms of this Agreement, and also may institute an action against the Participant to recover damages from the Participant for the breach. These remedies for default or breach are in addition to any other remedy or
form of redress provided under Ohio law. The parties acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 20 survive termination of the employment relationship and are enforceable by Middlefield and its successors and assigns. The parties agree that
if any of the provisions of this Section 20 are deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the unenforceable provisions may be stricken as independent clauses by the court in order to enforce the remaining territory restrictions
and that the intent of the parties is to afford the broadest restriction on post-employment activities as set forth in this Agreement. If Middlefield initiates legal action to enforce the provisions of this Section 20 or to recover damages for
the Participants violation of Section 20 and if as a result of that legal action the Participant is held to have violated this Section 20, the Participant must reimburse Middlefield for reasonable costs for enforcement of this
Section 20, including but not limited to attorneys fees. 

(e) Definitions: 

(i) 

Restricted Period, as used herein, means the 12-month
period immediately after the Participants termination and/or separation of employment with Middlefield or a Related Entity, regardless of the reason for termination and/or separation. The Restricted Period shall be extended in an amount equal
to any time period during which a violation of Section 16 of this Agreement is proven. 

(ii) 

Restricted Territory, as used herein, means area within a
25-mile radius of any banking office of Middlefield or a Related Entity, if the banking office exists on the date of the Participants employment termination. 

(iii) 

Customer, as used herein, means any individual, joint venturer, entity of any sort, or other
business partner of Middlefield or a Related Entity with, for, or to whom Middlefield or the Related Entity has provided Financial Products or Services during the last 12 months of the Participants employment with Middlefield or Related
Entity, or any individual, joint venturer, entity of any sort, or business partner whom Middlefield or a Related Entity has identified as a prospective customer of Financial Products or Services within the last 12 months of the Participants
employment with Middlefield or Related Entity. 

7 

(iv) 

Financial Products or Services, as used herein, means any product or service that a financial
institution or a financial holding company could offer by engaging in any activity that is financial in nature or incidental to such a financial activity under section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and that is offered by Middlefield
or a Related Entity on the date of the Participants employment termination, including but not limited to banking activities and activities that are closely related and a proper incident to banking, or other products or services of the type the
Participant was involved in during the Participants employment with Middlefield or a Related Entity. 

(f)
Enforcement by successors. The provisions of this section are binding upon and enforceable by Middlefield and any successor to Middlefield, including any person acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business,
assets, or stock of Middlefield. The Participants consent is not necessary for any assignment or transfer of the rights and obligations of this section that occurs or is deemed to occur as the result of any person acquiring directly or
indirectly all or substantially all of the business, assets, or stock of Middlefield. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Middlefield has caused this
Performance Share Unit Award Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the date specified in Section 2, and the Participant has duly executed this Performance Share Unit Award Agreement as of the date specified in
Section 2 and consents to and approves all of its terms. 

PARTICIPANT MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP.

an Ohio corporation

By: 

Name: Ronald L. Zimmerly, Jr.

Its: President & CEO

Residence Address: 

8 

Appendix 

Determination of the Number of Earned PSUs 

1. Determination of Number of Earned PSUs. The number of PSUs earned by the Participant at the conclusion of the Performance Period
will be determined under the following formula subject to Section 5 below: 

Target Award Opportunity x Financial Performance Factor x
TSR Modifier 

The determination of Financial Performance Factor and TSR Modifier is set forth below. 

2. Definitions. For purposes of this Appendix and Agreement:

(a) Beginning Stock Price. Beginning Stock Price means the average closing price on the applicable stock exchange of one
share of stock for the thirty (30) trading days immediately prior to the first day of the Performance Period. 

(b) Comparator
Index. Comparator Index means the group of Comparator Companies as determined on the first day of the Performance Period, subject to adjustment as provided in Sections 3(b) and 4(b) below. 

(c) Comparator Company. Comparator Company means each financial institution which: (i) is a depository institution
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (ii) operates primarily within the United States, (ii) is headquartered in the United States, (iii) has assets of no less than one billion dollars ($1,000,000,000) and no more than
five billion dollars ($5,000,000,000) as of the financial institutions fiscal year end which immediately precedes the first day of the Performance Period, and (iv) has common stock or parent holding company common stock listed on Nasdaq
or the New York Stock Exchange. 

(d) Ending Stock Price. Ending Stock Price means the average closing price on the
applicable stock exchange of one share of stock for the thirty (30) trading days ending on the last trading day of the Performance Period. 

(e) Core Return on Average Assets (ROAA). Core ROAA means Core Income as a percent of Average
Assets, for a given fiscal year, where (I) Core Income means net income after taxes and before extraordinary items, less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, gain or loss on the sale of held to maturity and available for
sale securities, amortization of intangibles, goodwill and nonrecurring items and (II) Average Assets means Average Assets for the period, as reported by the company. 

(f) Three-year Average Core ROAA. Three-year Average Core ROAA means the quotient obtained by dividing (I) the sum of
three-consecutive fiscal years Core ROAA by (II) three (3). 

(g) Total Shareholder Return (TSR). TSR means
total shareholder return as calculated pursuant to Section 4. 

9 

3. Determination of Financial Performance Factor. The Financial Performance Factor
will be determined in accordance with the following: 

(a) Calculation of Three-year Average Core ROAA. Three-year Average Core ROAA
shall be computed for (I) each Comparator Company over the Comparator Companys most recent three-year fiscal period ending on or within the Performance Period and (II) Middlefield over the three-year fiscal period ending on the last
day of the Performance Period.Three-year Average Core ROAA shall be computed to the third decimal place for each Comparator Company and Middlefield. 

(b) Determination of Middlefields Relative Performance Percentile Rank. Middlefields Relative Performance Percentile Rank
shall be determined in accordance with the following rules: 

(i) 

The Comparator Companies and Middlefield shall be ranked in descending order based on their respective
Three-year Average Core ROAA (Performance Ranking Distribution). 

(ii) 

For purposes of developing the ordering provided in paragraph (i) above, any Comparator Company that filed
for bankruptcy protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code during the Performance Period or whose shares have been delisted from a national securities exchange shall be assigned the lowest order and any Comparator Company that is acquired
during the Performance Period shall be removed from the Comparator Index and shall not be included in the ordering of Comparator Companies. For avoidance of doubt, any Comparator Company that acquires another Comparator Company during the
Performance Period shall remain a constituent of the Comparator Index. 

(iii) 

Based on Middlefields order within the Performance Ranking Distribution, the Plan Committee shall
determine Middlefields percentile rank (Relative Performance Percentile Rank) within the Performance Ranking Distribution. 

(c) Determination of Financial Performance Factor. The Financial Performance Factor will be determined based on Middlefields Relative
Performance Percentile Rank as set forth in the below table:

Performance Level Middlefield Relative

Performance

Percentile Rank Financial

Performance Factor 

Below Threshold Less than 25th percentile 0 % 

Threshold 25th percentile 50 % 

Target 50th percentile 100 % 

Maximum 75th percentile 150 % 

10 

If achieved performance over the Performance Period falls between two performance levels in the table above,
then the Financial Performance Factors will be determined by linear interpolation. 

4. Determination of TSR Modifier. The TSR
Modifier will be determined in accordance with the following: 

(a) Calculation of TSR. TSR for each Comparator Company and
Middlefield shall be equal to the quotient of (i) divided by (ii), where: 

(i) 

is equal to the sum of (x) and (y) where (x) is the amount by which the Beginning Stock
Price is greater than or less than the Ending Stock Price; and (y) is the sum of all dividends paid on one (1) share of stock during the Performance Period, provided that dividends shall be treated as reinvested on the
applicable ex-dividend date; and 

(ii) 

is equal to the Beginning Stock Price. 

TSR shall be computed to the third decimal place for each Comparator Company and Middlefield. 

(b) Determination of Middlefields Percentile Rank with TSR Modifer. Middlefields Percentile Rank shall be determined in
accordance with the following rules: 

(i) 

The Comparator Companies and Middlefield shall be ranked in descending order based on their respective TSRs
(Ranking Distribution). 

(ii) 

For purposes of developing the ordering provided in paragraph (i) above, any Comparator Company that filed
for bankruptcy protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code during the Performance Period or whose shares have been delisted from a national securities exchange shall be assigned the lowest order and any Comparator Company that is acquired
during the Performance Period shall be removed from the Comparator Index and shall not be included in the ordering of Comparator Companies. For avoidance of doubt, any Comparator Company that acquires another Comparator Company during the
Performance Period shall remain a constituent of the Comparator Index. 

(iii) 

Based on Middlefields order within the Ranking Distribution, the Plan Committee shall determine
Middlefields percentile rank (Percentile Rank) within the Ranking Distribution. 

(c) Determination
of TSR Modifier. The TSR Modifier will be determined based on Middlefields Percentile Rank as set forth in the below table: 

Middlefields Percentile Rank TSR Modifier 

25th percentile -25 % 

50th percentile 0 % 

75th percentile 25 % 

11 

If Middlefields Relative TSR Rank over the Performance Period falls between two performance levels in
the table above, then the TSR Modifier will be determined by linear interpolation. 

5. Special Rule on Determination of Earned PSUs.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the determination of the number of earned PSUs under the Appendix is subject to the following: 

(a) Negative TSR. If Middlefields TSR over the Performance Period is negative, then the number of earned PSUs may not exceed the
Target Award Opportunity. 

(b) TSR Rank in Top Quartile. If Middlefields TSR Rank is no less than the top quartile of the
Comparator Companies, then the number of earned PSUs may not be less than 50% of the Target Award Opportunity. 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d924296dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP. 

2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

1. Number of Restricted Stock Units Awarded. Middlefield Banc Corp. (Middlefield), an Ohio corporation, hereby awards to
_________ (the Participant) _______ restricted stock units (the RSUs). Each RSU represents Middlefields unsecured promise to pay Participant a single share of Middlefield common stock (Share) for each RSU
which vests in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. Unless and until the RSUs vest, the Participant will have no right to receive Shares under such RSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any
vested RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. This award is subject to the terms and conditions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan and this Agreement. Terms that are defined in the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan are used in
this Agreement as they are defined in the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. 

2. Date of the Award. The date of this Agreement is as of
________ (the Grant Date). 

3. Vesting, Forfeiture and Time and Form of Payment. As of the Grant Date, all RSUs will be
subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement. 

(a) Vesting Schedule. The Participant shall become 100%
vested in the RSUs if the Participant maintains continuous employment with Middlefield or a Related Entity as an officer for three years after the Grant Date. Unless earlier vested or forfeited in accordance with this Agreement, the RSUs shall vest
annually in three equal installments beginning on January 14, 2026, and ending on January 14, 2028 (each referred to as a Vesting Date), provided that on each Vesting Date the Participant has maintained continuous employment
with Middlefield or a Related Entity through the vesting date. When applying the vesting schedule, any fractional RSUs shall be rounded up to the next whole RSU, but in the aggregate may not exceed the number of RSUs awarded pursuant to
Section 1 of this Agreement. 

(b) Time and Form of Payment. Each RSU that vests upon a Vesting Date in accordance with
Section 3(a) shall be settled by the payment of one Share to the Participant no later than thirty (30) calendar days following such Vesting Date. 

(c) Accelerated Vesting; Effect of Termination. Subject to Section 4, unvested RSUs may fully vest or be forfeited if
Participants employment terminates prior to a Vesting Date, depending on the reason for termination as provided below: 

(i) 

Death or Disability. If Participants employment terminates due to death or Disability, any
unvested RSUs will fully vest on the date of such employment termination and shall be paid within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of such employment termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the RSUs are considered
deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, settlement of such RSUs shall be made pursuant to their original schedule if necessary to comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 

1 

(ii) 

Termination by Middlefield without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason. If Middlefield terminates
Participants employment without Cause, or Participant terminates Participants employment with Middlefield for Good Reason, Participants unvested RSUs will fully vest on the date of such employment
termination and shall be paid within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of such employment termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the RSUs are considered deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code
Section 409A, settlement of such RSUs shall be made pursuant to their original schedule if necessary to comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 

(iii) 

Retirement. If Participants employment terminates due to Retirement, any unvested RSUs will
continue to vest in accordance with Section 3(a) as if the Participant had remained continuously employed through each Vesting Date specified in Section 3(a) and shall be paid in accordance with Section 3(b). 

(iv) 

Termination by Middlefield for Cause. If Middlefield terminates Participants employment for Cause,
Participant will forfeit all unvested RSUs and any vested RSUs which have yet to be paid. 

(d) Definitions. For
purposes of this Agreement:

(i) 

Cause will have the meaning of involuntary termination with cause set forth in
Section 1(d) of the Change in Control Agreement between Middlefield and the Participant. 

(ii) 

Good Reason will have the meaning of voluntary termination with good reason in
Section 1(e) of the Change in Control Agreement between Middlefield and the Participant. 

(iii) 

Disability means because of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be
expected to result in death or that can be expected to last for a continuous period of at least 12 months, (x) the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity, or (y) the Participant is receiving income replacement
benefits for a period of at least three months under an accident and health plan of Middlefield. Medical determination of Disability may be made either by the Social Security Administration or by the provider of an accident or health plan covering
employees of Middlefield provided, however, that, to the extent the RSUs are considered deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, means that a Participant is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code. 

2 

(iv) 

Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment by the Participant that meets each of the
following requirements: 

a. 

The Participant has attained at least age sixty (60) years and has completed at least five (5) years
of continuous service with Middlefield by the date of employment termination; 

b. 

The Participant has provided to the Chair of the Board of Directors of Middlefield written notice of the
Participants intent to retire at least six (6) months prior to the intended retirement date; 

c. 

The Participant has completed at least nine (9) months of continuous service with Middlefield following
the Grant Date by the date of employment termination; and 

d. 

The Participant has entered into a restrictive covenant agreement in a form acceptable to Middlefield, which
agreement shall include, but not be limited to, the following restrictive covenants: (i) non-compete,(ii) non-solicitation of customers, (iii) non-solicitation of employees, (iv) non-disclosure and (iv) non-disparagement. If Participant should violate any
restrictive covenant, Participant shall forfeit any unvested RSUs and any vested RSUs which have yet to be paid and Middlefield may seek to recoup any Shares (or the cash equivalent of such shares) paid to the Participant under this Agreement.

(v) 

Years of service means a period of continual service with Middlefield or a Related Entity and shall
include a Participants service with a financial institution that Middlefield or a Related Entity has acquired. 

4.
Effect of a Change in Control. Upon a Change in Control, if the buyer or successor entity (Successor Entity) to Middlefield in the Change in Control (i) assumes this Agreement, the unvested RSUs shall continue to vest in
accordance with the terms of Section 3, provided, however, if within 24 months of the Change in Control the Successor Entity terminates the Participants employment without Cause or the Participant terminates employment for Good Reason,
the RSUs shall become 100% vested on the date of such termination of employment; or (ii) does not assume this Agreement, the unvested RSUs shall be become 100% vested on the date of the Change in Control. RSUs which vest under this
Section 4 will be paid to the Participant within thirty (30) days of the date of vesting. For purposes of this Section 4, assumed RSUs must relate to common shares issued by the Successor Entity or an entity related to the Successor
Entity and such common shares (Successor Entity Shares) must be listed on a U.S. national securities exchange. The Plan Committee, as comprised prior to the date of the Change in Control, shall make any and all determinations under this
Section 4 including but not limited to the determination of the conversion of RSUs to Successor Entity Shares and the determination of whether the Successor Entity has effectively assumed this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary in this Section 4, to the extent the RSUs are considered deferred compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, settlement of such RSUs shall be made pursuant to their original schedule if necessary to comply with
Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 

3 

5. RSUs Are Not Transferable. RSUs granted to Participant under this Agreement may
not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, exchanged, encumbered, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a domestic relations order. Middlefield is entitled to disregard
any attempt by the Participant to sell, transfer, pledge, assign, or otherwise alienate or hypothecate any vested or unvested RSUs or any interest in any vested or unvested RSUs, and any such sale, transfer, pledge, assignment, or other alienation
or hypothecation is void and of no force or effect. 

6. Rights as a Stockholder. Until Shares are distributed to the Participant in
connection with the vesting of any RSUs in accordance with this Agreement and the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan, the Participant will have none of the associated rights of a stockholder with respect to such shares under Ohio law and Middlefields
Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations, and the Participant will not be entitled to exercise voting power with respect to such shares or receive cash dividends declared by Middlefields board of directors with respect to such shares.

7. The 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan Governs. The award of RSUs and this Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2017
Omnibus Equity Plan, as well as any rules of the Plan Committee under the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan, the
provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan will govern. The Participant acknowledges having received a copy of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. The Participant is familiar with the terms and provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan and accepts this
award subject to all the terms and provisions of the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. The Participant agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of Middlefields board of directors or Plan Committee having to
do with the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan or this Agreement. 

8. Certificates; Delivery of Shares. At the discretion of Middlefield,
Shares may be delivered to Participant by book-entry credit to an account in the Participants name established by Middlefield with the Middlefields transfer agent, or upon written request from the Participant (or the Participants
personal representative, beneficiary or estate, as the case may be) in certificates in the Participants name (or the Participants personal representative, beneficiary or estate). If certificates are issued, they will bear any restrictive
legends that Middlefield considers necessary or desirable. 

9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan
supersede any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and constitute the sole agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter. All
prior negotiations and agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement are merged in this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, 

4 

inducements, promises, or agreements concerning the RSUs have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party that are not contained in this Agreement or in the 2017 Omnibus
Equity Plan. Each party acknowledges that any agreement, statement, or promise concerning the RSUs that is not contained in this Agreement, or the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan is not valid, is not binding, and is of no force or effect. 

10. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are solely for convenience of reference and do not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement. 

11. Notices. All written notices, requests, and other communications hereunder will be duly given if delivered by hand
or mailed, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, to the following addresses or to such other address as either party may designate by like notice. If to Middlefield, notice must be given to Middlefield Banc
Corp., 15985 East High Street, P.O. Box 35, Middlefield, Ohio 44062, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, or to such other address as Middlefield designates to the Participant in writing. If to the Participant, notice must be given to the Participant
at the Participants address appearing on the signature page of this Agreement, or to such other address as the Participant designates to Middlefield. 

12. Taxes. The Participant is hereby advised to consult immediately with his or her own tax advisor about the tax consequences of this
Agreement. Participant hereby agrees that Middlefield does not have a duty to design or administer this Agreement or the 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan in a manner that minimizes Participants tax liabilities. Participant shall not make any claim
against the Company, or any of its officers, directors, employees or Related Entities related to tax liabilities arising from the RSUs granted under this Agreement. 

13. Tax Withholding. The payment of Shares under this Agreement is subject to tax withholding which shall be made in accordance with
Section 15.4 of 2017 Omnibus Equity Plan. 

14. No Registration Rights. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that
Middlefield and its Related Entities have no obligation to register the Participants offer and sale of the shares awarded under this Agreement under the Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any state. 

15. Recoupment Rights. The RSUs and any Shares paid under this Agreement to the Participant will be subject to any recoupment and
forfeiture policy that Middlefield may have adopted prior to or on or after the Grant Date. 

16. Post-Employment Restrictions. The
restrictions in this Section 16 have been negotiated, presented to, and accepted by the Participant contemporaneous with the offer and acceptance by the Participant of this Agreement. 

5 

(a) Promise of no solicitation. The Participant promises and agrees that during the
Restricted Period (as defined below) and in the Restricted Territory (as defined below) the Participant will1: 

(i) 

not directly or indirectly solicit or attempt to solicit any Customer (as defined below) to accept or purchase
Financial Products or Services (as defined below) of the same nature, kind, or variety as provided to the Customer by Middlefield or a Related Entity during the one-year immediately before the
Participants employment termination with Middlefield or a Related Entity, 

(ii) 

not directly or indirectly influence or attempt to influence any Customer, joint venturer, or other business
partner of Middlefield or a Related Entity to alter that person or entitys business relationship with Middlefield or the Related Entity in any respect, and 

(iii) 

not accept the Financial Products or Services business of any Customer or provide Financial Products or
Services to any Customer on behalf of anyone other than Middlefield or a Related Entity. 

(b) Promise of no
raiding/hiring. The Participant promises and agrees that during the Restricted Period the Participant will not solicit or attempt to solicit and will not encourage or induce in any way any Participant, joint venturer, or business partner of
Middlefield or a Related Entity to terminate an employment or contractual relationship with Middlefield or the Related Entity. The Participant agrees that the Participant will not hire any person employed by Middlefield or a Related Entity during
the one-year period before the Participants employment termination with Middlefield or a Related Entity or any person employed by Middlefield or a Related Entity during the Restricted Period. 

(c) Promise of no disparagement. The Participant promises and agrees that during the Restricted Period the Participant will not cause
statements to be made (whether written or oral) that reflect negatively on the business reputation of Middlefield or a Related Entity. 

(d) Acknowledgment and remedies. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Section 16 have been
negotiated and carefully determined to be reasonable and necessary for the protection of Middlefields legitimate business interests. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that a violation of Section 16 is likely to cause immediate and
irreparable harm to Middlefield, requiring injunctive relief. If a breach or threatened breach by the Participant of any provision of this Agreement occurs, Middlefield and its successors and assigns may without bond obtain an injunction restraining
the Participant from violating the terms of this Agreement, and also may institute an action against the Participant to recover damages from the Participant for the breach. These remedies for default or breach are in addition to any other remedy or
form of redress provided under Ohio law. The parties acknowledge that 

1 

For example, the promise of no solicitation applies if the Participant is conducting prohibited business in the
Restricted Territory or if the entity with, for, or to whom the Participant is conducting prohibited business is located within the Restricted Territory. 

6 

the provisions of this Section 16 survive termination of the employment relationship and are enforceable by Middlefield and its successors and assigns. The parties agree that if any of the
provisions of this Section 16 are deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the unenforceable provisions may be stricken as independent clauses by the court in order to enforce the remaining territory restrictions and that the
intent of the parties is to afford the broadest restriction on post-employment activities as set forth in this Agreement. If Middlefield initiates legal action to enforce the provisions of this Section 16 or to recover damages for the
Participants violation of Section 16 and if as a result of that legal action the Participant is held to have violated this Section 16, the Participant must reimburse Middlefield for reasonable costs for enforcement of this
Section 16, including but not limited to attorneys fees. 

(e) Definitions: 

(i) 

Restricted Period, as used herein, means the 12-month
period immediately after the Participants termination and/or separation of employment with Middlefield or a Related Entity, regardless of the reason for termination and/or separation. The Restricted Period shall be extended in an amount equal
to any time period during which a violation of Section 16 of this Agreement is proven. 

(ii) 

Restricted Territory, as used herein, means area within a
25-mile radius of any banking office of Middlefield or a Related Entity, if the banking office exists on the date of the Participants employment termination. 

(iii) 

Customer, as used herein, means any individual, joint venturer, entity of any sort, or other
business partner of Middlefield or a Related Entity with, for, or to whom Middlefield or the Related Entity has provided Financial Products or Services during the last 12 months of the Participants employment with Middlefield or Related
Entity, or any individual, joint venturer, entity of any sort, or business partner whom Middlefield or a Related Entity has identified as a prospective customer of Financial Products or Services within the last 12 months of the Participants
employment with Middlefield or Related Entity. 

(iv) 

Financial Products or Services, as used herein, means any product or service that a financial
institution or a financial holding company could offer by engaging in any activity that is financial in nature or incidental to such a financial activity under section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and that is offered by Middlefield
or a Related Entity on the date of the Participants employment termination, including but not limited to banking activities and activities that are closely related and a proper incident to banking, or other products or services of the type the
Participant was involved in during the Participants employment with Middlefield or a Related Entity. 

7 

(f) Enforcement by successors. The provisions of this section are binding upon and
enforceable by Middlefield and any successor to Middlefield, including any person acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business, assets, or stock of Middlefield. The Participants consent is not necessary for any
assignment or transfer of the rights and obligations of this section that occurs or is deemed to occur as the result of any person acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business, assets, or stock of Middlefield. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Middlefield has caused this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the
date specified in Section 2, and the Participant has duly executed this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement as of the date specified in Section 2 and consents to and approves all of its terms. 

PARTICIPANT MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP.

an Ohio corporation

By: 

Name: Ronald L. Zimmerly, Jr.

Its: President& CEO

Residence Address: 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mbcn-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mbcn-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mbcn-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000836147

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code OH

Entity File Number 001-36613

Entity Tax Identification Number 34-1585111

Entity Address, Address Line One 15985 East High Street

Entity Address, City or Town Middlefield

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 44062

City Area Code 440

Local Phone Number 632-1666

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol MBCN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.mbcn.com//20250114/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d924296d8k.htm 
mbcn-20250114.xsd 
mbcn-20250114_lab.xml 
mbcn-20250114_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-008430-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d924296d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000836147 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP 
false 
0000836147 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
OH 
001-36613 
34-1585111 
15985 East High Street 
Middlefield 
OH 
44062 
440 
632-1666 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
MBCN 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>