<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-009699.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-009699.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204083018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-009699
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			C-Bond Systems, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001421636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTORS, NEC [6799]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				261315585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53029
		FILM NUMBER:		25585450

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6035 SOUTH LOOP EAST
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-649-5658

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6035 SOUTH LOOP EAST
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WestMountain Alternative Energy Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229586-8k_cbond.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000142163600014216362024-12-212024-12-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 21, 2024

C-Bond Systems, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Colorado 000-53029 26-1315585

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of Incorporation) Identification Number)

2029 Pat Booker Rd., San Antionio, Texas78148

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

(210) 490-3977

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 30, 2025, C-Bond
Systems, Inc. (the Company) entered into that certain Debt Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement
(the Agreement), by and between the Company, C-Bond Systems, LLC (C-Bond LLC), Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC
(Patriot), Badcer Ops, Inc. (Badcer), Jeff Badders, Badders Childrens Trust (Badders Trust),
Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC, and Michael Wanke. The closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (the Closing)
occurred on January 30, 2025.

As settlement of all outstanding
debt instruments owed to the parties in this Agreement and associated liens, and pursuant to Section 9-620 of the Uniform Commercial Code
of the State of Texas, at the Closing the Company, C-Bond LLC, and Patriot (collectively, the Debtors), voluntarily transferred,
conveyed and assigned to Badcer all of the Debtors legal, equitable and beneficial right, title and interest in and to all assets
of the Debtors, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) the 80% of the Membership Interest (as defined in the Operating Agreement
of Patriot, dated as of July 2021 and the Units (as defined in such Operating Agreement) comprising such 80% of the Membership Interests
of Patriot, which are held by C-Bond; (ii) 100% of the membership interests of C-Bond LLC, which are held by C-Bond; (iii) all of Patriots
accounts receivable; and (iv) certain patents as set forth in Exhibit C to the Agreement; among other assets.

Under the terms of the Agreement,
the Company will continue to market Patriots products under a Representative Agreement, and will continue to be involved in the
manufacturing of Patriots products.

In addition, at the Closing,
(i) C-Bond redeemed from Badcer the Badcer Preferred Shares (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total,
and Badcer assigned all of Badcer rights, titles and interest in and to the Badcer Preferred Shares to C-Bond; (ii) C-Bond redeemed
from Mr. Wanke the the Wanke Common Shares (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total, and Mr. Wanke assigned
all of Mr. Wankes rights, titles and interest in and to the Wanke Common Shares to C-Bond; (iii) C-Bond redeemed from Badders Trust
the Badders Trust Common Shares (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total, and Badders Trust to assigned
all of Badders Trusts rights, titles and interest in and to the Badders Trust Common Shares to C-Bond; and (iv) C-Bond redeemed
from Mr. Badders the Badders Common Shares (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total, Mr. Badders assigned
all of Mr. Badders rights, titles and interest in and to the Badders Common Shares to C-Bond. Effective as of the Closing, Scott
Silverman and Allison Tomek resigned from all positions they may hold as managers or officers of C-Bond LLC.

The information set forth
above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference and attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

To the extent
required by this Item 2.01, the information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On December 21, 2024, Barry
M. Edelstein, a member of the Companys Board of Directors (Board), notified the Company of his intention to resign
from the Board due to changing professional priorities, effective December 31, 2024. Mr. Edelstein did not advise the Company of any disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. Effective upon Mr. Edelsteins resignation as
a director, the size of the Board will be reduced from three to two directors.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1* Debt Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc., C-Bond Systems, LLC, Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, Badcer Ops, Inc., Jeff Badders, Badders Childrens Trust, Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC, and Michael Wanke.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Portions of this exhibit
have been redacted pursuant to Instruction No. 6 of Item 1.01 of Form 8-K or otherwise omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish a copy of all unredacted and omitted schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon its request.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

C-Bond Systems, Inc. 

Date: February 4, 2025 By: /s/ Scott R. Silverman

Name: Scott R. Silverman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022958601ex10-1_cbond.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT FORGIVENESS, EQUITY REDEMPTION AND STRICT FORECLOSURE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 30, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC., C-BOND SYSTEMS, LLC, PATRIOT GLASS SOLUTIONS, LLC, BADCER OPS, INC., JEFF BADDERS, BADDERS CHILDREN'S TRUST
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

[Pursuant to Instruction No. 6 of Item 1.01
of Form 8-K, certain identified information has been excluded from this Exhibit 10.1 because it is both not material and is the type
of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential.] 

Debt
Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement

by and
between

C-Bond
Systems, Inc.;

C-Bond
Systems, LLC; 

Patriot
Glass Solutions, LLC; 

Badcer
Ops, Inc.: 

Jeff
Badders;

Badders
Childrens Trust;

Mercer
Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC 

and 

Michael
Wanke

Table of Contents

Article I. Definitions 2

Section 1.01 Defined Terms. 2

Section 1.02 Interpretation. 3

Article II. The Transactions 4

Section 2.01 Recitals Incorporated. 4

Section 2.02 Settlement. 4

Section 2.03 Closing and Deliverables. 6

Section 2.04 Merchant Cash Advances. 7

Section 2.05 C-Bond Name. 8

Section 2.06 Representative Agreement 8

Section 2.07 CB Nanoshield. 8

Section 2.08 Mr. Wanke Put Right. 9

Section 2.09 Allison Tomek. 9

Section 2.10 Costs and Expenses. 9

Section 2.11 Additional Closing Events. 9

Section 2.12 Termination of Obligations. 9

Section 2.13 Effect of Transfer and Acceptance of Transferred Foreclosed Collateral. 9

Section 2.14 Segregation and Delivery of Foreclosed Collateral. 10

Section 2.15 Assumption of Liabilities. 10

Section 2.16 Patriot Trade Payables and Patriot MCA Responsibility. 10

Section 2.17 Excluded Liabilities. 11

Section 2.18 Revival of Obligations. 12

Article III. General Representations and Warranties of the Parties. 12

Section 3.01 Organization and Qualification. 12

Section 3.02 Authorization and Enforceability. 12

Section 3.03 Consents and Approvals. 12

Section 3.04 No Violation. 12

Section 3.05 Brokers and Finders. 13

Article IV. Additional Representations and Warranties 13

Section 4.01 Additional Representations by The Debtors. 13

Section 4.02 Additional Representations by Badcer. 13

Section 4.03 Additional Representations by Mercer. 13

Section 4.04 Additional Representations by Badders Trust. 14

Section 4.05 Additional Representations by Mr. Wanke. 14

Section 4.06 Additional Representations by Mr. Badders. 14

Article V. Mutual Releases 14

Section 5.01 Release of Claims. 14

Section 5.02 Affirmations. 15

Section 5.03 Compromise. 15

Section 5.04 Beneficiaries. 15

i

Article VI. Indemnification 15

Section 6.01 Indemnification Generally. 15

Section 6.02 Procedure. 16

Section 6.03 Periodic Payments. 17

Section 6.04 Insurance. 17

Section 6.05 Time Limit. 17

Section 6.06 Effect of Investigation. 18

Section 6.07 Exclusive Remedy. 18

Article VII. Miscellaneous 18

Section 7.01 Notices 18

Section 7.02 Further Assurances; Cooperation. 18

Section 7.03 Entire Agreement. 19

Section 7.04 Headings. 19

Section 7.05 Amendments. 19

Section 7.06 Severance. 19

Section 7.07 Waiver. 19

Section 7.08 Successors and Assigns. 19

Section 7.09 Governing Law; Submissions to Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver. 19

Section 7.10 Specific Performance. 20

Section 7.11 Understanding of Agreement. 20

Section 7.12 Survival Following Closing. 21

Section 7.13 Limitation on Damages. 21

Section 7.14 Attorneys Fees 21

Section 7.15 Third Party Beneficiaries 21

Section 7.16 Expenses 21

Section 7.17 Counterparts. 21

Exhibits

Exhibit A Assigned Personal Property

Exhibit B Assigned Trademarks 

Exhibit C Assigned Patents

Exhibit D Merchant Cash Advances

Exhibit E Representative Agreement

Exhibit F Trade Payables and Credit Cards

Exhibit X-1(A) PGS Assignment of Membership Interests

Exhibit X-1(B) C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests

Exhibit X-2 Bill of Sale

Exhibit X-3 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement

Exhibit X-4 Patent Assignment

Exhibit X-5 Badcer Stock Power

Exhibit X-6 Mr. Wanke Stock Power

Exhibit X-7 Badders Trust Stock Power

Exhibit X-8 Mr. Badders Stock Power

ii

Debt
Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement

This Debt Forgiveness, Equity
Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of this 30th day of
January, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between (i) C-Bond Systems, Inc., a Colorado corporation (C-Bond);
(ii) C-Bond Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of C-Bond (C-Bond LLC); (iii)
Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (Patriot); (iv) Badcer Ops, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Badcer);
(v) Jeff Badders (Mr. Badders); (vi) Badders Childrens Trust (Badders Trust); (vii) Mercer Street Global
Opportunity Fund, LLC (Mercer); and (viii) Michael Wanke (Mr. Wanke). C-Bond, C-Bond LLC, Patriot, Badcer,
Mr. Badders, Badders Trust, Mercer and Mr. Wanke may be referred to herein collectively as the Parties and each individually
as a Party.

WHEREAS, on August 9, 2024,
C-Bond, C-Bond LLC, and Patriot (collectively, the Debtors) issued a Promissory Note and Security Agreement in the principal
amount of $990,000 to Mr. Badders, and in addition C-Bond has issued to Mr. Badders certain additional promissory notes, which may or
may not have been satisfied prior to the Effective Date (all such promissory notes, collectively, the Badders Notes);

WHEREAS, the Debtors
obligations under the Badders Notes are secured by a lien on all assets of the Debtors granted under Article 9 of the Texas Uniform Commercial
Code (the Badders Lien), as documented by the terms of the Badders Notes and by the terms of a Patent Security Agreement
dated August 9, 2024 and executed by C-Bond and C-Bond LLC (the Security Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Badders Lien
has been perfected by: (i) the filing of a Form UCC-1 with the State of Texas (Filing No. 24-0046368477); and (ii) the filing of an assignment
document with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (Assignment ID: 421802);

WHEREAS, Mr. Badders has assigned
all of his right, title, and interest in and to the Badders Notes and the Badders Lien to Badcer;

WHEREAS, the Debtors
obligations arising under some or all of the Badders Notes are currently in default;

WHEREAS, on October 15, 2021,
C-Bond issued to Mercer an Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $825,000, and
in addition C-Bond has issued to Mercer certain additional promissory notes, which may or may not have been satisfied prior to the Effective
Date (all such promissory notes, collectively, the Mercer Notes);

WHEREAS, Mercer has filed
a lien on certain assets of the Debtors with respect to the Mercer Notes (the Mercer Lien);

WHERAS, C-Bonds obligations
under some or all of the Mercer Notes are currently in default;

WHEREAS, Mercer has assigned
all of its right, title, and interest in and to the Mercer Notes to Badcer;

1

WHEREAS, Badcer is the holder
of 6,550 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.010 per share, (the C-Bond Preferred Stock) of C-Bond
(the Badcer Preferred Shares), Mr. Wanke is the holder of 28,021,016 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(the C-Bond Common Stock) of C-Bond (the Wanke Common Shares), Mr. Badders is the holder of 19,306,454 shares
of C-Bond Common Stock (the Badders Common Stock) and Badders Trust is the holder of 11,538,462 shares of C-Bond Common
Stock (the Badders Trust Common Shares) each of such Parties desires to sell such securities to C-Bond, and C-Bond desires
to redeem such securities from such Parties;

WHEREAS, Mercer has transferred
to Badcer a Common Stock Purchase Warrant for the purchase of 16,500,000 shares of C-Bond Common Stock, issued to Mercer on October 15,
2021 (the C-Bond Warrant); and

WHEREAS, the Parties now desire
to undertake the transactions as set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the promises and covenants herein contained, and for other valuable consideration received, the sufficiency of which
is hereby expressly acknowledged, it is hereby mutually agreed by and between the Parties hereto, and each of them, as follows:

Article I. Definitions

Section 1.01
Defined Terms. In addition to the other terms defined herein, for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

(a) Action means any claim, action, cause
of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena or
investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise, whether at law or in equity.

(b) Affiliate of a Person means any other
Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such Person, and the term control (including the terms controlled by and under common control with)
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise.

(c) Contracts means all contracts, leases,
deeds, mortgages, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures, joint ventures and all other agreements, commitments
and legally binding arrangements, whether written or oral.

(d) Encumbrance means any charge, claim, community
property interest, pledge, condition, equitable interest, lien (statutory or other), option, security interest, mortgage, easement, encroachment,
right of way, right of first refusal, or restriction of any kind, including any restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income
or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

(e) Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign government or
political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization
or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority (to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of
such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.

2

(f) Knowledge of the Debtors means the actual knowledge, assuming due inquiry, of any director,
manager or executive officer of any of the Debtors.

(g) Law means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution,
treaty, common law, judgment, decree, other requirement or rule of law of any Governmental Authority.

(h) Losses means losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, Actions, judgments, interest,
awards, penalties, fines, costs or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys fees and the cost of enforcing any
right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers; provided, however, that Losses shall
not include (i) punitive damages, except in the case of fraud or to the extent actually awarded to a Governmental Authority or other third
party or (ii) lost profits or consequential damages, in any case.

(i) Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability
company, Governmental Authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association or other entity.

(j) Representative means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers,
employees, consultants, financial advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person.

(k) Transaction Documents means this Agreement and the other instruments, agreements and documents
executed and delivered by any one or more of the Parties to any one or more of the other Parties as set forth herein, including the Ancillary
Documents.

(l) Transactions means the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(m) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of Texas as of the Effective
Date, unless otherwise specifically indicated.

Section 1.02 Interpretation. Unless
the express context otherwise requires (i) the words hereof, herein, and hereunder and
words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision
of this Agreement; (ii) terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa; (iii)
the terms Dollars and $ mean United States Dollars; (iv) references herein to a specific Section,
Subsection, Recital or Exhibit shall refer, respectively, to Sections, Subsections, Recitals or Exhibits of this
Agreement; (vi) wherever the word include, includes, or including is used in this
Agreement, it shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; (vi) references herein to any gender
shall include each other gender; (vii) references herein to any Person shall include such Persons heirs, executors, personal
Representatives, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 1.02 is intended
to authorize any assignment or transfer not otherwise permitted by this Agreement; (viii) references herein to a Person in a
particular capacity or capacities shall exclude such Person in any other capacity; (ix) references herein to any Contract or
agreement (including this Agreement) mean such Contract or agreement as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof; (x) with respect to the determination of any period of time, the word from means
from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding;
(xi) references herein to any Law or any license mean such Law or license as amended, modified, codified, reenacted, supplemented or
superseded in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time; and (xii) references herein to any Law shall be deemed also to
refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

3

Article II. The Transactions

Section 2.01
Recitals Incorporated. The recitals and prefatory phrases and paragraphs set forth above are true and correct and are hereby
incorporated in full and made a part of this Agreement.

Section 2.02
Settlement.

(a) On the Effective Date and at the Closing (as defined below), and pursuant to Section 9-620 of the UCC,
the Debtors hereby voluntarily transfer, convey and assign to Badcer all of the Debtors legal, equitable and beneficial right,
title and interest in and to all assets of the Debtors, including, but not limited to, the following:

(i) The 80% of the Membership Interest (as defined in the Operating Agreement of Patriot, dated as of July
2021 (the PGS Operating Agreement)) of Patriot, and the Units (as defined in the Operating Agreement) comprising such 80%
of the Membership Interests of Patriot, which are held by C-Bond (the PGS Assigned Membership Interests);

(ii) 100% of the membership interests of C-Bond LLC, which are held by C-Bond (the C-Bond LLC Assigned
Membership Interests and, together with the PGS Assigned Membership Interests, the Assigned Membership Interests);

(iii) the personal property described more fully in Exhibit A hereto, together with any and all other personal
property of each of the Debtors, tangible and intangible, including but not limited to: all accounts, now existing or subsequently arising;
all contract rights C-Bond, now existing or subsequently arising; all accounts receivable, now existing or subsequently arising; all chattel
paper, documents, and instruments related to accounts; all intellectual property, inventory, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and supplies
now owned or subsequently acquired; and the proceeds, products, and accessions of and to any and all of the foregoing (collectively, and
other than the the Website (as defined below), the Assigned Personal Property);

(iv) the trademarks as set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto (the Assigned Trademarks);

(v) the patents as set forth in Exhibit C attached hereto (the Assigned Patents); and

(vi) the proceeds, products, and accessions of and to any and all of the foregoing (collectively, with
the Assigned Membership Interests, the Assigned Personal Property, the Assigned Trademarks and the Assigned Patents, the
Foreclosed Collateral).

4

(b) The Debtors consent, without any objection of any kind or nature, to Badcers proposed acceptance
of the Foreclosed Collateral, and Badcer agrees by the execution of this Agreement and the applicable Transaction Documents, that such
transfer is in full satisfaction, payment and release of the Badders Notes and the Mercer Notes.

(c) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, C-Bond is allowed to retain, and shall retain,
and Badcer releases its liens and security interests, in and to the corporate website of C-Bond, located at www.cbondsystems.com (the
Website), and C-Bond shall be permitted to utilize the Website for purposes of complying with its obligations under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations thereunder, in each case until such time as C-Bond has changed its corporate name as referenced in Section 2.05.
The Parties each covenant and agree that they shall execute and deliver such documents and instruments as required to release any securities
interests that any such Parties may have in the Website.

(d) At the Closing:

(i) C-Bond shall redeem from Badcer the Badcer Preferred Shares in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total,
and Badcer agrees to sell, assign, transfer, convey, and deliver to C-Bond, and C-Bond shall accept and purchase from Badcer, the Badcer
Preferred Shares and any and all rights in the Badcer Preferred Shares to which Badcer is entitled, and by doing so Badcer shall be deemed
to have assigned all of Badcer rights, titles and interest in and to the Badcer Preferred Shares to C-Bond.

(ii) C-Bond shall redeem from Mr. Wanke the the Wanke Common Shares in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total,
and Mr. Wanke agrees to sell, assign, transfer, convey, and deliver to C-Bond, and C-Bond shall accept and purchase from Mr. Wanke, the
Wanke Common Shares and any and all rights in the Wanke Common Shares to which Mr. Wanke is entitled, and by doing so Mr. Wanke shall
be deemed to have assigned all of Mr. Wankes rights, titles and interest in and to the Wanke Common Shares to C-Bond.

(iii) C-Bond shall redeem from Badders Trust the Badders Trust Common Shares in exchange for a payment of $1.00
in total, Badders Trust to sell, assign, transfer, convey, and deliver to C-Bond, and C-Bond shall accept and purchase from Badders Trust,
the Badders Trust Common Shares and any and all rights in the Badders Trust Common Shares to which Badders Trust is entitled, and by doing
so Badders Trust shall be deemed to have assigned all of Badders Trusts rights, titles and interest in and to the Badders Trust
Common Shares to C-Bond.

(iv) C-Bond shall redeem from Mr. Badders the Badders Common Shares in exchange for a payment of $1.00 in total,
Mr. Badders to sell, assign, transfer, convey, and deliver to C-Bond, and C-Bond shall accept and purchase from Mr. Badders, the Mr. Badders
Common Shares and any and all rights in the Mr. Badders Common Shares to which Mr. Badders is entitled, and by doing so Mr. Badders shall
be deemed to have assigned all of Mr. Badders rights, titles and interest in and to the B Mr. Badders Common Shares to C-Bond.

5

(e) By execution of this Agreement, Scott Silverman, Allison Tomek and Mr. Wanke, as the Managers of Patriot,
hereby consent to the transfer of the PGS Membership Interests to Badcer. Effective as of the Closing, Scott Silverman and Allison Tomek
hereby resign as Managers of Patriot and from any positions they may hold as officers of Patriot.

(f) Effective as of the Closing, Scott Silverman and Allison Tomek hereby resign from all positions they may
hold as managers or officers of C-Bond LLC.

Section 2.03
Closing and Deliverables.

(a) The closing of the Transactions (the Closing) shall occur on the Effective Date, immediately
following the execution of this Agreement.

(b) At the Closing, C-Bond shall deliver to Badcer:

(i) The PGS Assignment of Membership Interests in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit X-1(A), duly executed
by an authorized officer of C-Bond (the PGS Assignment of Membership Interests);

(ii) The C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit X-1(B), duly
executed by an authorized officer of C-Bond (the C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests).

(c) At the Closing, additionally, each of C-Bond, C-Bond LLC, and Patriot shall deliver to Badcer:

(i) The Bill of Sale in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit X-2, duly executed by an authorized officer
of each of the Debtors (the Bill of Sale), to transfer the Assigned Personal Property to Badcer;

(ii) The Trademark Assignment and License Agreement in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit X-3, duly executed
by an authorized officer of each of the Debtors (the Trademark Assignment);

(iii) The Patent Assignment in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit X-4, duly executed by an authorized officer
of each of C-Bond and C-Bond LLC (the Patent Assignment);

(iv) The $1 redemption price for the redemption of the Badcer Preferred Shares, via check; and

(v) such other documents as Badcer may reasonably request for the purpose of facilitating the consummation
or performance of any of the Transactions.

(d) At the Closing, C-Bond shall deliver to Mr. Wanke the $1 redemption price for the redemption of the Wanke
Common Shares, via check.

(e) At the Closing, C-Bond shall deliver to Badders Trust the $1 redemption price for the redemption of the Badders Trust Common
Shares, via check.

6

(f) At the Closing, C-Bond shall deliver to Mr. Badders the $1 redemption price for the redemption of the
Mr. Badders Common Shares, via check.

(g) At the Closing, Badcer shall deliver to C-Bond:

(i) The PGS Assignment of Membership Interests, duly executed by an authorized officer of Badcer and by Mr.
Wanke;

(ii) The C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests, duly executed by an authorized officer of Badcer;

(iii) The Bill of Sale, duly executed by an authorized officer of Badcer;

(iv) The Trademark Assignment, duly executed by an authorized officer of Badcer;

(v) The Patent Assignment duly executed by an authorized officer of Badcer;

(vi) The stock power in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit X-5 with respect to the the Badcer Preferred
Shares, duly executed by an authorized officer of Badcer; and

(vii) such other documents as C-Bond may reasonably request for the purpose of facilitating the consummation
or performance of any of the Transactions.

(h) At the Closing, Mr. Wanke shall deliver to C-Bond the stock power in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit
X-6 with respect to the Wanke Common Shares, duly executed by Mr. Wanke.

(i) At the Closing, Badders Trust shall deliver to C-Bond the stock power in the form as attached hereto as
Exhibit X-7 with respect to the Badders Trust Common Shares, duly executed by an authorized officer of Badders Trust. C-Bond shall pay
any costs of its transfer agent with respect to the redemption of the Badders Trust Common Shares (medallion guarantee costs, etc.).

(j) At the Closing, Mr. Badders shall deliver to C-Bond the stock power in the form as attached hereto as
Exhibit X-8 with respect to the Mr. Badders Common Shares, duly executed by Mr. Badders.

Section 2.04
Merchant Cash Advances.

(a) The Parties acknowledge and agree that Patriot is currently indebted to certain persons and entities as
set forth on Exhibit D (the Merchant Cash Advances) pursuant to the applicable Merchant Cash Advance agreements (as amended
and in effect as of the Closing or, if applicable, as amended or modified subsequent to the Closing by agreement with the relevant Merchant
Cash Advance Parties (the MCA Agreements).

(b) The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Merchant Cash Advances as of the Effective Date are as set
forth on Exhibit D, in the column entitled Total Amount Owed). Following the Closing, Badcer and Patriot covenant and agree
that they will pay, discharge, or otherwise satisfy the specific amounts
set forth on Exhibit D in the column entitled Patriot MCA Responsibility (the Patriot MCA Responsibility).
Following the Closing, C-Bond covenants and agrees that it will pay, discharge, or otherwise satisfy the specific amounts set forth on
Exhibit D in the column entitled C-Bond MCA Responsibility (the C-Bond MCA Responsibility). Badcer and Patriot
covenant and agree that they shall not cause Patriot to accept any additional cash advances under the MCA Agreements following the Effective
Date. The Patriot MCA Responsibility constitutes a promise to pay the specific amounts set forth in the preceding sentence, made to and
for the benefit of the named Parties herein. This section is not, and shall not be construed as, an assumption of the terms, conditions,
or covenants of, or the liabilities arising under, the referenced MCA Agreements by Badcer.

7

Section 2.05
C-Bond Name. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, following the Closing, C-Bond shall have the right to continue to use
the C-Bond name until C-Bond has received all required approvals, including the approvals from all Governmental Authorities,
to change its name and has actually processed such name change, which rights are further set forth in the Trademark Agreement. C-Bond
covenants and agrees to use its best commercial efforts to change its corporate name with the State of Colorado and to have such name
change reflected publicly in connection with its stock quotation on the OTC Markets. Pending the completion of its name change, C-Bond
shall only use the name C-Bond as and to the extent required in order to properly reference its legal corporate name.

Section 2.06
Representative Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, at the Closing, C-Bond and Patriot shall enter into the
Representative Agreement in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Representative Agreement), pursuant to which C-Bond
will serve as a representative of all products of Patriot, its subsidiaries and divisions, including those products described on Addendum
A thereto. C-Bond and Patriot shall execute and deliver the Representative Agreement at the Closing.

Section 2.07
CB Nanoshield.

(a) The Parties acknowledge and agree that C-Bond is a party to the Distributor Agreement by and between C-Bond
and CB Nanoshield, LLC , a Texas limited liability company (CB Nanoshield), dated as of January 2, 2024 (the Distributor
Agreement). The assignment of the Distributor Agreement, made pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, shall not take legal effect
until one (1) year from the Effective Date. Between the Effective Date and the Assignment Date (as defined below), all orders received
by Badcer or Patriot or any of their Affiliates for any products as were manufactured by CB Nanoshield on behalf of C-Bond prior to the
Effective Date, shall be processed through C-Bond, with C-Bond acquiring such products from CB Nanoshield and thereafter selling them
to Badcer or Patriot, and C-Bond, Badcer and Patriot shall reasonably cooperate to amend the Distributor Agreement if and as required
to give effect thereto. Between the Effective Date and the Assignment Date, all payments for product due to CB Nanoshield shall be remitted
directly to CB Nanoshield by Badcer or Patriot, with C-Bond to be concurrently paid its agreed distributorship fee of 10% of such payments.
All products supplied by CB Nanoshield shall be shipped directly from CB Nanoshield to Badcer, Patriot, or their customers, as specified
on connection with the orders.

(b) Effective as of the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Assignment Date), C-Bond assigns and transfers to Badcer
the Distributor Agreement and all of C-Bonds right, title and interest in and to the Distributor Agreement, other than (i) the
rights of C-Bond related to the Distributor Agreement under this Agreement, and (ii) the rights of C-Bond pursuant to the Distributor
Agreement arising prior to the Assignment Date, and Bader accepts such assignment (the Assignment). The Parties agree to
execute and deliver such additional documents as may reasonably be required to effect the Assignment.

8

Section 2.08
Mr. Wanke Put Right. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Mr. Wanke has a right to cause Patriot or other entities to
redeem or acquire the 20% of the membership interests of Patriot which are held by Mr. Wanke (the Put Right). Following
the Closing, C-Bond shall not have any liability with respect to the Put Right, which Put Right shall, as between C-Bond on the one hand,
and Badcer and Patriot on the other hand, be solely the responsibility of Badcer and Patriot.

Section 2.09 Allison Tomek. The Parties acknowledge
and agree that Allison Tomek is currently owed the sum of $[XXXXX] for prior services provided to the Debtors (the Past Due Salary).
Following the Closing, Badcer shall pay to Ms. Tomek the amount of the Past Due Salary on or before 5 days after the Effective Date. The
terms of this Section 2.09 constitute a promise to pay the specific amounts set forth above, made to and for the benefit of the Ms. Tomek.
This section is not, and shall not be construed as, an assumption of the terms, conditions, or covenants of, or the liabilities arising
under, Ms. Tomeks employment by the Debtors.

Section 2.10
Costs and Expenses. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Badcer has agreed to pay up to $30,000 of the costs and expenses
incurred by C-Bond or its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement and the transactions as set forth herein, all $30,000 of which
has been paid prior to the Effective Date.

Section 2.11
Additional Closing Events. At and following the Closing, the Parties shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver (or shall ensure
to be executed, acknowledged, and delivered), any and all certificates, financial statements, schedules, agreements, resolutions, rulings
or other instruments required by this Agreement to be so delivered at or prior to the Closing, together with such other items as may be
reasonably requested by the Parties hereto and their respective legal counsel in order to effectuate or evidence Transactions.

Section 2.12
Termination of Obligations. Effective as of the Closing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the Badders Notes shall
be deemed fully repaid, and shall thereafter be null and void and of no further force or effect; (ii) the Badders Lien and the Mercer
Lien shall each be deemed released, and Badders and Mercer each covenant and agree that they shall take such actions and executed, deliver
and file such documents and instruments as required to effect such releases; (iii) the Security Agreement shall be automatically terminated,
and shall thereafter be null and void and of no further force or effect; (iv) the Mercer Notes shall be deemed fully repaid, and shall
thereafter be null and void and of no further force or effect; and (v) C-Bond Warrant shall be automatically terminated, and shall thereafter
be null and void and of no further force or effect. Immediately upon the Effective Date, Badcer shall surrender the Badders Notes, the
Mercer Notes and the C-Bond Warrant to C-Bond for cancellation.

Section 2.13
Effect of Transfer and Acceptance of Transferred Foreclosed Collateral.

(a) The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement constitutes notice by Badcer and receipt and consent
by the Debtors of Badcers proposal to retain the Foreclosed Collateral in full satisfaction of the Badders Notes
and the Mercer Notes. This Agreement also constitutes the Debtors post-default waiver and renunciation of all of their rights under
Article 9, subdivision 6, of the UCC (including Section 9-620). Upon execution of this Agreement, the Badders Notes and the Mercer Notes
shall be marked satisfied and surrendered to the Debtors.

9

(b) The Debtors: (i) agree that they have received notice sufficient for compliance with Sections 9-620 and
9-621 of the UCC and, in the alternative, hereby expressly waive (i) any requirement for receipt of such notice and any right to notification
of sale, transfer, conveyance or surrender of the Foreclosed Collateral pursuant to Sections 9-620 and 9-621 of the UCC, and (ii) any
remedies, rights, defenses or actions they might have as a result of failure to have received such notice; (ii) waive the right to redeem
the Foreclosed Collateral under Section 9-623 of the UCC or otherwise; (iii) waive any right to object to the sale, transfer, conveyance
or surrender of the Foreclosed Collateral pursuant to Section 9-620 of the UCC or otherwise; (iv) waive any obligation of Badcer to dispose
of the Foreclosed Collateral; (v) waive any other right, whether legal or equitable, that they may have in and to the Foreclosed Collateral;
and (vi) agree that the transactions contemplated herein are commercially reasonable. The Debtors acknowledge and agree that the waivers
set forth in this section and elsewhere in this Agreement constitute material consideration for the agreement of Badcer to execute and
deliver this Agreement.

Section 2.14
Segregation and Delivery of Foreclosed Collateral. C-Bond shall hold for the benefit of, and in trust for, Badcer all proceeds
of the Foreclosed Collateral which may be received by C-Bond following the Closing. From and after the Effective Date, C-Bond will remit
to Badcer immediately any such proceeds and shall not commingle proceeds with C-Bonds other property.

Section 2.15
Assumption of Liabilities. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, and in consideration of the Debtors
acceptance of Badcers proposed strict foreclosure as provided herein, Badcer agrees to assume, pay, perform, and discharge promptly
when payment or performance is due or required the following liabilities and obligations of the Debtors (the Assumed Liabilities):

(a) all claims, liabilities and obligations related to the business of Patriot arising on or after the Effective
Date;

(b) all claims, liabilities and obligations related to the business of C-Bond LLC arising on or after the
Effective Date;

(c) all claims, liabilities and obligations related to or arising out of Badcers operation of the other
Foreclosed Collateral arising from and after the Effective Date; and

(d) all liabilities of Badcer under this Agreement.

Section 2.16
Patriot Trade Payables and Patriot MCA Responsibility. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the obligations of Patriot for payment of the trade payables and credit cards as set
forth on Exhibit F (the Trade Payables), and the obligations of Patriot with regard to the Patriot MCA Responsibility, shall
remain with Patriot as an obligation of Patriot, and C-Bond shall have no ongoing obligations with respect thereto.

10

Section 2.17 Excluded Liabilities.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Badcer is assuming only the Assumed Liabilities and is not
assuming any other liability, indebtedness, payable, claim against or obligation of the Debtors, whether presently in existence or arising
hereafter, whether or not arising out of or relating to the conduct of the Debtors businesses or associated with or arising from
any of the Foreclosed Collateral or any other rights, properties or assets used in or associated with the Debtors businesses at
any time, and whether legal or equitable, matured, fixed or contingent, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, ordinary or extraordinary,
patent or latent, whether such liabilities or obligations are disclosed in this Agreement, to the extent that such liabilities arise
from the following (all such liabilities and obligations not being assumed being herein referred to as the Excluded Liabilities):

(a) all liabilities and accrued costs and expenses arising from or related to the operation of the Debtors
businesses or the operation or condition of the Foreclosed Collateral prior to the Effective Date;

(b) all employee related liabilities and obligations of the Debtors arising from or related to the operation
of the Debtors businesses or the operation or condition of the Foreclosed Collateral prior to the Effective Date;

(c) all claims, liabilities and obligations related to the business of the Debtors arising prior to
the Effective Date;

(d) all federal, state, local or foreign taxes of the Debtors arising from or related to any activity conducted
prior to the Effective Date;

(e) all liabilities arising from or related to any action, arbitration, audit, hearing, administrative proceeding,
investigation, suit, litigation or other proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, or informal and whether pending
or threatened or having any other status) against any of the Debtors or any of their Affiliates, pending or threatened, or with respect
to any fact, action, omission, circumstance or condition existing or accruing prior to the Effective Date;

(f) all liabilities of the Debtors arising in connection with any violation of any applicable law or order
relating to the period prior to the Effective Date;

(g) all liabilities of the Debtors in respect of indebtedness arising prior to the Effective Date;

(h) all warranty or product liability obligations of the Debtors arising from or related to the operation
of the Debtors businesses or the operation or condition of the Foreclosed Collateral prior to the Effective Date;

(i) any employment-related grievance, personal injury claim or other claim of any former or current employee,
officer, agent, consultant, independent contractor or subcontractor of the Debtors sustained during any period or in connection with an
event occurring on or prior to the Effective Date, including workers compensation claims;

(j) any unpaid fees, expenses and other similar amounts in connection with or arising from the provision of
services on behalf of the Debtors in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions;

(k) the C-Bond MCA Responsibility; and

(l) all liabilities of C-Bond under this Agreement.

11

Section 2.18
Revival of Obligations. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and in the event that any Debtor becomes
a debtor in a case under Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code), in the event that the transfer of the
Foreclosed Collateral, or any part thereof, is subsequently invalidated, declared to be a fraudulent or preferential transfer, set aside,
avoided and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, whether under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law,
common law or equitable cause, or otherwise, then the Badders Notes and the Mercer Notes, to the extent they remain unsatisfied, together
with all defenses, claims, counterclaims, rights and remedies, both legal and equitable, that Badcer has or may have thereunder or otherwise
under applicable law, shall be revived and reinstated and shall continue in full force and effect until Badcer has received payment in
full on such obligations.

Article III. General Representations and Warranties of the Parties.

As an inducement to the consummation
of the Transactions, each Party (the Representing Party), represents and warrants to each other Party, as follows:

Section 3.01
Organization and Qualification. The Representing Party is a natural person or is an entity, duly organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the power and is duly authorized under all applicable
Laws, regulations, ordinances and orders of public authorities, to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted.

Section 3.02
Authorization and Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance by the Representing Party of this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents to which the Representing Party is a party have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary actions
required of the Representing Party. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Representing Party is a party have
been duly executed and delivered by, or on behalf of, the Representing Party, and constitute, or when executed and delivered will constitute,
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Representing Party, each enforceable against the Representing Party in accordance with
its respective terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
conveyance and other similar Laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles
of equity.

Section 3.03
Consents and Approvals. Except as shall have been obtained or satisfied on or prior to the Effective Date, no consent, waiver,
approval, authorization, order, license, permit, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with any Person or Governmental Authority
or under any applicable Laws is required to be obtained by the Representing Party as a condition precedent to the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Representing Party is a party or the consummation of
the Transactions.

Section 3.04 No
Violation. None of the execution, delivery or performance by the Representing Party of (i) this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which the Representing Party is a party, and (ii) the Transactions, does or will, with or without the
giving of notice, lapse of time, or both, violate, conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, or give to
others any right of termination, acceleration, cancellation or other right under (a) the organizational documents of the
Representing Party, if applicable, (b) any agreement, document or instrument to which the Representing Party or any of its
assets is bound or (c) any term or provision of any Law, judgment, order, writ, injunction, or decree binding on the
Representing Party.

12

Section 3.05
Brokers and Finders. The Representing Party has not employed any broker, agent, or finder in connection with this Agreement
or the Transactions, and has not incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, agents commissions or finders fees in connection
with the Transactions.

Article IV. Additional Representations and Warranties

Section 4.01 Additional
Representations by The Debtors. With respect to all periods through and including the Effective Date, the Debtors represent,
warrant, covenant and acknowledge that:

(a) The Badders Notes and the Mercer Notes constitute legal, valid and binding agreements and obligations
of the Debtors, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and Badcer is presently entitled to exercise enforcement rights and remedies
thereunder, subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

(b) The Debtors do not and shall not dispute, in any judicial, administrative or other proceeding, the validity,
priority, enforceability or extent of Badcers liens and security interests in any part of the Foreclosed Collateral, nor Badcers
entitlement to the immediate possession of the Foreclosed Collateral.

(c) The Debtors have knowingly and freely entered into this Agreement without any duress, coercion or undue
influence exerted by or on behalf of Badcer or any affiliate of Badcer.

(d) To the Knowledge of the Debtors, other than with respect to the Merchant Cash Advances, no party other
than the Debtors and Badcer has any other claim or interest in the Foreclosed Collateral, and that, upon execution hereof, Badcer shall
have full legal title to the Foreclosed Collateral.

Section 4.02
Additional Representations by Badcer. Badcer represents and warrants to C-Bond as follows:

(a) Badcer legally and beneficially owns the Badcer Preferred Shares and no other Person has any rights therein
or thereto. There are no liens or other Encumbrances of any kind on the Badcer Preferred Shares and Badcer has the sole right to dispose
of the Badcer Preferred Shares. There are no outstanding options, warrants or other similar agreements with respect to the Badcer Preferred
Shares. Other than the Badcer Preferred Shares, Badcer does not hold any equity securities of C-Bond.

(b) Badcer legally and beneficially owns all right, title and interest to the Badders Notes, the Mercer Notes
and the Security Agreement, and the C-Bond Warrant, and no other Person has any rights therein or thereto, and Badcer and has the unrestricted
ability to agree to terminate and settle such instruments and agreements as set forth herein.

Section 4.03 Additional
Representations by Mercer. Mercer represents and warrants to C-Bond that Mercer has validly assigned to Badcer all of
Mercers right, title and interest to (i) the 2,050 shares of C-Bond Preferred Stock previously held by Mercer, (ii) the
Mercer Notes and (iii) the C-Bond Warrant, and Mercer has no ongoing right, title or interest in any of the foregoing. Mercer does
not hold any equity securities of C-Bond.

13

Section 4.04
Additional Representations by Badders Trust. Badders Trust represents and warrants to C-Bond that Badders Trust legally
and beneficially owns the Badders Trust Common Shares and no other Person has any rights therein or thereto. There are no liens or other
Encumbrances of any kind on the Badders Trust Common Shares and Badders Trust has the sole right to dispose of the Badders Trust Common
Shares. There are no outstanding options, warrants or other similar agreements with respect to the Badders Trust Common Shares. Other
than the Badders Trust Common Shares, Badders Trust does not hold any equity securities of C-Bond.

Section 4.05
Additional Representations by Mr. Wanke. Mr. Wanke represents and warrants to C-Bond that Mr. Wanke legally and beneficially
owns the Wanke Common Shares and no other Person has any rights therein or thereto. There are no liens or other Encumbrances of any kind
on the Wanke Common Shares and Mr. Wanke has the sole right to dispose of the Wanke Common Shares. There are no outstanding options, warrants
or other similar agreements with respect to the Wanke Common Shares. Other than the Wanke Common Shares, Mr. Wanke does not hold any equity
securities of C-Bond.

Section 4.06
Additional Representations by Mr. Badders. Mr. Badders represents and warrants to C-Bond that Mr. Badders has validly assigned
to Badcer all of Mr. Badders right, title and interest to the (i) 4,500 shares of C-Bond Preferred Stock previously held by Mr.
Badders, (ii) the Badders Notes and (iii) the Security Agreement, and Mr. Badders has no ongoing right, title or interest in any of the
foregoing. Mr. Badders does not hold any equity securities of C-Bond.

Article V.
Mutual Releases

Section 5.01
Release of Claims.

(a) Effective as of the Effective Date, each Party (the Releasing Party), for itself and
its Affiliates, whether an Affiliate as of the Effective Date or hereafter becoming an Affiliate, and for each of their respective
predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, representatives, and agents and for all related parties, and all persons acting by,
through, under or in concert with any of them in both their official and personal capacities (collectively, the Releasing
Parties) hereby irrevocably, unconditionally and forever release, discharge and remise each other Party and such other
Partys Affiliates (whether an Affiliate as of the Effective Date or later), and their respective predecessors, successors,
assigns, heirs, representatives, and agents and for all related parties and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with
any of them in both their official and personal capacities (collectively, the Released Parties), from all claims of
any type and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings,
bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments,
executions, claims and demands whatsoever, in law or in equity, known or unknown, that any Releasing Party may have now or may have
in the future, against any of Released Parties to the extent that those claims arose, may have arisen, or are based on events which
occurred at any point in the past up to and including the Effective Date, including any claims arising out of or pertaining to the
Badders Notes, the Mercer Notes, the Security Agreement and/or the C-Bond Warrant, but excluding any claims arising out of or
pertaining to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (collectively, the Released Claims). The Releasing Party
represents and warrants that no Released Claim released by the Releasing Party herein has been assigned, expressly, impliedly, or by operation
of law, and that all Released Claims released by the the Releasing Party herein are owned by the the Releasing Party, which has the respective
sole authority to release them. The the Releasing Party agrees that it shall forever refrain and forebear from commencing, instituting
or prosecuting any lawsuit action or proceeding, judicial, administrative or otherwise collect or enforce any Released Claim which is
released and discharged herein.

14

(b) Each of the Parties hereby waives any and all rights which it may have with respect to this Agreement
or the subject matter hereof, under the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California as now worded and
as hereafter amended, which section provides that:

A general release does not
extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the
release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.

(c) It is understood and agreed by each of the Parties that the facts in respect to which this Agreement is
executed may turn out to be other than or different from the facts in the respect now known or believed by each of the Parties to be true;
and with such understanding and agreement, each Party expressly accepts and assumes the risk of facts being other than or different from
the assumptions and perceptions as of any date prior to and including the Effective Date, and agrees that this Agreement shall be in all
respects effective and shall not be subject to termination or rescission by reasons of any such difference in facts, and subject to the
terms and conditions herein.

Section 5.02
Affirmations. Each Party as the Releasing Party affirms that it has not filed, caused to be filed, or presently is a party
to any claim, complaint, or action against any Released Party in any forum or form and should any such charge or action be filed by such
Releasing Party or by any other person or entity on such Releasing Partys behalf involving matters covered by Section 5.01, such
Releasing Party agrees to promptly give the agency or court having jurisdiction a copy of this Agreement and inform them that any such
claims any such Releasing Party might otherwise have had are now settled.

Section 5.03
Compromise. This is a compromise and settlement of potential or actual disputed claims and is made solely for the purpose
of avoiding the uncertainty, expense, and inconvenience of future litigation. Neither this Agreement nor the furnishing of any consideration
concurrently with the execution hereof shall be deemed or construed at any time or for any purpose as an admission by any Party of any
liability or obligation of any kind. Any such liability or wrongdoing is expressly denied. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement
was reached after good faith settlement negotiations and after each Party had an opportunity to consult legal counsel. This Agreement
extends to, and is for the benefit of, the Parties, their respective successors, permitted assigns and agents and anyone claiming by,
through or under the Parties.

Section 5.04
Beneficiaries. Any Released Party is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Article V and may enforce this Article
V as though a party hereto.

Article VI.Indemnification

Section 6.01 Indemnification
Generally. Each Party (the Indemnifying Party) hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law each other Party, each of its Affiliates and each of its and their respective shareholders, members, directors, partners,
directors, officers, employees, stockholders, attorneys and agents and permitted assignees (each an Indemnified Party),
against and in respect of any and all out-of-pocket Losses incurred or sustained by any Indemnified Party as a result of or in connection
with any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Indemnifying
Party herein or in any other Transaction Documents.

15

Section 6.02
Procedure. The following shall apply with respect
to all claims by any Indemnified Party for indemnification with respect to actions by third-parties (with any references herein to the
Indemnifying Party being a reference to the applicable Party liable for such indemnification hereunder):

(a) Third-Party Claims. If any Indemnified Party receives notice of the assertion or commencement of
any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative
of the foregoing (a Third-Party Claim) against such Indemnified Party with respect to which the Indemnifying Party is obligated
to provide indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice
thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of such notice of such Third-Party Claim. The failure
to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only
to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party
shall describe the Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall indicate
the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying
Party shall have the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party, to assume the defense of any Third-Party
Claim at the Indemnifying Partys expense and by the Indemnifying Partys own counsel, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate
in good faith in such defense. In the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any Third-Party Claim, subject to Section
6.02(b), it shall have the right to take such action as it deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining
to any such Third-Party Claim in the name and on behalf of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate
in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by it subject to the Indemnifying Partys right to control the defense
thereof, provided that the fees and disbursements of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party.

(b) Settlement of Third-Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Indemnifying Party shall not enter into settlement of any Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party, except as provided in this Section 6.02(b). If a firm offer is made to settle a Third-Party Claim without leading to
liability or the creation of a financial or other obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party and provides, in customary form,
for the unconditional release of each Indemnified Party from all liabilities and obligations in connection with such Third-Party
Claim and the Indemnifying Party desires to accept and agree to such offer, the Indemnifying Party shall give written notice to that
effect to the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnified Party objects to such offer, or does
not provide a response to such firm offer within ten days after its receipt of such notice (in which case the Indemnified Party shall
be deemed to not have consented to such offer), the Indemnified Party shall thereafter assume the defense of such Third-Party Claim and
shall continue to contest or defend such Third-Party Claim and in such event the maximum liability of the Indemnifying Party as to such
Third-Party Claim shall not exceed the amount of such settlement offer. If the Indemnified Party consents to such firm offer the Indemnifying
Party may settle the Third-Party Claim upon the terms set forth in such firm offer to settle such Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnified
Party has assumed the defense pursuant to this Section 6.02(b), it shall not agree to any settlement without the written consent of the
Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

16

(c) Direct Claims. Any Action by an Indemnified Party on account of a Loss which does not result from
a Third-Party Claim (a Direct Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnified Party giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably
prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Indemnified Party becomes aware of
such Direct Claim. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification
obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice
by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof
and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party.
The Indemnifying Party shall have thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim.
The Indemnified Party shall allow the Indemnifying Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance alleged
to give rise to the Direct Claim, and whether and to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim and the Indemnified
Party shall assist the Indemnifying Partys investigation by giving such information and assistance as the Indemnifying Party or
any of its professional advisors may reasonably request. If the Indemnifying Party does not so respond within such thirty (30) calendar
day period, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have rejected such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue
such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

(d) Cooperation. Upon a reasonable request made by the Indemnifying Party, each Indemnified Party seeking
indemnification hereunder in respect of any Direct Claim, hereby agrees to consult with the Indemnifying Party and act reasonably to take
actions reasonably requested by the Indemnifying Party in order to attempt to reduce the amount of Losses in respect of such Direct Claim.
Any costs or expenses associated with taking such actions shall be included as Losses hereunder.

Section 6.03
Periodic Payments. Any indemnification required by
this Article VI for costs, disbursements or expenses of any Indemnified Party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or
defending any Action shall be made by periodic payments by the Indemnifying Party to each Indemnified Party during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or costs, disbursements or expenses are incurred.

Section 6.04 Insurance.
Any indemnification payments hereunder shall take into account any insurance proceeds or other third-party reimbursement actually received.

Section 6.05
Time Limit. The obligations of the Parties under Section 6.01 shall expire eighteen (18) months from the Effective Date,
except with respect to (i) an indemnification claim asserted in accordance with the provisions of this Article VI which remains unresolved,
for which the obligation to indemnify shall continue until such claim is resolved; and (ii) resolved claims for which payment has not
yet been paid to the Indemnified Party.

17

Section 6.06
Effect of Investigation. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Indemnifying Party, and any Indemnified Partys
right to indemnification with respect thereto, shall not be affected or deemed waived by reason of any investigation made by or on behalf
of the any Indemnified Party or by reason of the fact that such Indemnified Party knew or should have known that any such representation
or warranty is, was or might be inaccurate.

Section 6.07
Exclusive Remedy. The indemnification provisions contained in this Article VI shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of
the Parties with respect to the Transactions for any and all breaches or alleged breaches of any representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements of the Parties hereto or any other provision of this Agreement or arising out of the Transactions herein, except (i) with
respect to any equitable remedy to which such Party may be entitled to with respect to any claims or causes of action arising from the
breach of any covenants or agreement of a Party that is to be performed subsequent to the Effective Date, or (ii) with respect to
a Party, an actual and intentional fraud with respect to this Agreement and the Transactions. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Party
hereto, for itself and on behalf of its Affiliates, hereby waives, from and after the Closing, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law and except as otherwise specified in this Article VI, any and all other rights, claims and causes of action it may have against any
other Party hereto relating to the subject matter of this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate or other document or instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement, arising under or based upon any applicable law, other than as set forth in this Article VI.

Article VII.Miscellaneous

Section 7.01
Notices. Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently
given if personally delivered to it or sent by email with return receipt requested, overnight courier or registered mail or certified
mail, postage prepaid. Notices shall be sent to the Parties to the addresses as set forth on the signature pages hereof. Any Party may
change its address for notices hereunder upon notice to each other Party in the manner for giving notices hereunder. Any notice hereunder
shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt, if personally delivered, (ii) on the day after dispatch, if sent by overnight courier,
(iii) upon dispatch, if transmitted by email with return receipt requested and received and (iv) three (3) days after mailing, if sent
by registered or certified mail.

Section 7.02 Further Assurances;
Cooperation.

(a) Each Party shall, upon reasonable request by any other Party, execute and deliver any additional documents
as are necessary or desirable to complete and effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the Parties agree to cooperate
and use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the Transactions.

(b) In furtherance of the forgoing, each of the Parties shall reasonably cooperate with respect to the separation
of the operations of Patriot and C-Bond LLC from those of C-Bond, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall undertake
such actions and execute, deliver and file such documents and instruments, as reasonably required to effect such separation.

(c) In furtherance of the forgoing, Badcer and Patriot will reasonably cooperate with C-Bond with respect
to any audits of Patriot as required with respect to all filings to be made by C-Bond with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
securities exchange or trading market, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K for C-Bonds 2024 fiscal year, and will provide
C-Bond with such information and assistance, at no additional cost to C-Bond, as requested by C-Bond in connection therewith.

18

Section 7.03
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. All negotiations, proposals, modifications and agreements prior to the Effective
Date between the Parties are merged into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and superseded hereby. There are no other
terms, conditions, promises, understandings, statements, or representations, express or implied, concerning this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents unless set forth in writing and signed by all of the Parties.

Section 7.04
Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights of
the Parties.

Section 7.05
Amendments. This Agreement may only be modified by an instrument in writing executed by all of the Parties.

Section 7.06
Severance. Should any term, part, portion or provision of this Agreement be decided or declared by the courts to be, or
otherwise found to be, illegal or in conflict with the applicable law of any State or of the United States, or otherwise be rendered unenforceable
or ineffectual, the validity of the remaining parts, terms, portions and provision shall be deemed severable and shall not be affected
thereby, providing such remaining parts, terms, portions or provisions can be construed in substance to constitute the agreement that
the Parties intended to enter into in the first instance.

Section 7.07 Waiver.
Neither any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction of any condition herein nor
any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring
satisfaction of any condition. No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party or impairs
any right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any right to take any action without notice or demand not
otherwise required by this Agreement. No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude
exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with respect to such breach, or subsequent
exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any other breach.

Section 7.08
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement,
or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant
to this Agreement or the Transactions, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any right arising from the
purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Parties and any
such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect.

Section 7.09
Governing Law; Submissions to Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver.

(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTURED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT
REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES.

19

(b) EACH PARTY AGREES THAT ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL BE BROUGHT IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION SITTING IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.

(c) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREIN (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section 7.09(c). Each of the
Parties acknowledge that each has been represented in connection with the signing of this waiver by independent legal counsel selected
by the respective Party and that such Party has discussed the legal consequences and import of this waiver with legal counsel. Each of
the Parties further acknowledge that each has read and understands the meaning of this waiver and grants this waiver knowingly, voluntarily,
without duress and only after consideration of the consequences of this waiver with legal counsel. 

Section 7.10 Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not performed by them in accordance with the terms hereof or were otherwise breached and that each Party hereto shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of the provisions
hereof and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the proof of actual damages, in addition to any other
remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. Each Party agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any
bond in connection with any such equitable remedy, and agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief on the basis that (a) the other Party has an adequate remedy at law, or (b) an award
of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity.

Section 7.11
Understanding of Agreement. The Parties each acknowledge that they have fully read the contents of this Agreement and that
they have had the opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of their choice, and that they have full, complete and total comprehension
of the provisions hereof and are in full agreement with each and every one of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement.
As such, the Parties agree to waive any and all rights to apply an interpretation of any and all terms, conditions or provisions hereof,
including the rule of construction that such ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafter of this Agreement. For the purpose of
this instrument, the Parties agree that ambiguities, if any, are to be resolved in the same manner as would have been the case had this
instrument been jointly conceived and drafted.

20

Section 7.12
Survival Following Closing. The representations and warranties of the Parties contained in this Agreement or in any other
Transaction Document shall survive the Closing for a period of eighteen (18) thereafter, and the covenants and agreements of the Parties
contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document shall survive the Closing until fully performed.

Section 7.13
Limitation on Damages.In no event will any Party be liable to any other Party
under or in connection with this Agreement or in connection with the Transactions for special, general, indirect or consequential damages,
including damages for lost profits or lost opportunity, even if the Party sought to be held liable has been advised of the possibility
of such damage.

Section 7.14
Attorneys Fees. In the event that any Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure
relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs, including
reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein.

Section 7.15
Third Party Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between the Parties, and except as specifically provided herein, no
other Person and no director, officer, shareholder, employee, agent, independent contractor or any other Person shall be deemed to be
a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

Section 7.16
Expenses. Other than as specifically set forth herein, each of the Parties will bear their own respective expenses, including
legal, accounting and professional fees, incurred in connection with the Transactions.

Section 7.17 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together
shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[signature page follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Agreement on the Effective Date.

C-Bond Systems, Inc.

By: /s/ Scott Silverman 

Name: Scott Silverman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

C-Bond Systems, LLC

By: /s/ Scott Silverman

Name: Scott Silverman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Address for notices for C-Bond:

C-Bond Systems, Inc.

Attn: Scott Silverman

2029 Pat Booker Rd.

San Antonio, Texas 78148

Email: ssilverman206@gmail.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Anthony, Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC

Attn: John Cacomanolis

1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Email: JCacomanolis@alclaw.com

Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC

By: /s/ Scott Silverman

Name: Scott Silverman

Title: Manager

By: /s/ Allison Tomek

Name: Allison Tomek

Title: Manager

By: /s/ Michael Wanke

Name: Michael Wanke

Title: Manager

22

Badcer Ops, Inc.

By: /s/ Jonathan Juchno

Name: Jonathan Juchno

Title: Secretary and Director

Address for notices for Badcer, Patriot and C-Bond LLC:

Badcer Ops, Inc.

Attn: Jonathan Jucho

1111 Brickell Avenue, STE 2920

Miami, FL 33131 

Email: jjuchno@mercerstcap.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

The Crone Law Group, P.C.

Attn: Joe Laxague

1 East Liberty

Suite 600

Reno, NV 89501

Email: jlaxague@cronelawgroup.com

Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC

By: /s/ Jonathan Juchno

Name: Jonathan Juchno

Title: Authorized Signatory

Address for notices for Mercer:

Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC

Attn: Jonathan Juchno

Email: jjuchno@mercerstcap.com

Jeff Badders

By: /s/ Jeff Badders 

Name: Jeff Badders

Address for notices for Mr. Badders:

Jeff Badders

4002 North Street

Nacogdoches, Texas 75965

Email: jeff.badders@badderslaw.com

23

Badders Childrens Trust

By: /s/ Drew Knowles, for CBTX, Trustee

Name: Drew Knowles

Title: SVP General Counsel

Address for notices for Badders Childrens Trust:

Badders Childrens Trust

215 East Main Street 

Nacogdoches, Texas 75961

Email: dknowles@cbtx.com

Michael Wanke

By: /s/ Michael Wanke 

Name: Michael Wanke

Address for notices for Mr. Wanke:

Michael Wanke

2029 Pat Booker Road 

Universal City, TX 78148 

Email: mike@a1glasscoating.com

24

Exhibit A

Assigned Personal Property

All assets in which any of the Debtors has any
right, title, or interest, regardless of the manner in which such items are formally held or titled (other than the Website, including,
but not limited to, each and all of the following, all as defined in the Texas Uniform Commercial Code:

1. Accounts, including, but not limited to, the accounts receivable listed on Schedule 1 hereto.

2. Cash proceeds

3. Chattel paper

4. Commercial tort claims

5. Commodity accounts and commodity contracts

6. Deposit accounts, including but not limited to the Checking Account and the Merchant Checking Account
for Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC held at American Bank.

7. Documents

8. Electronic chattel paper

9. Equipment, including but not limited to the equipment listed on Schedule 2 hereto.

10. General intangibles, including, but not limited to:

(i) any and all contractual rights arising under or related in any way to the Distribution Agreement by and
between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and CB Nanoshield, LLC dated as of January 2, 2024;

(ii) any and all contractual rights arising under or related in any way to the Patent License-Back Agreement
by and between C-Bond Systems, LLC and CB Nanoshield, LLC dated as of June 15, 2023;

(iii) any and all contractual rights arising under or related in any way to the Patent and Know-how License
Agreement by and between C-Bond Systems, LLC and CB Nanoshield, LLC dated as of June 15, 2023;

(iv) The Assumed Contracts, as set forth on Schedule 4 of this Exhibit A;

(v) The web domains patriotglasssolutions.com and a1glasscoating.com;

(vi) The Patents as more fully described in the Patent Assignment of even date herewith; and

(vii) The Trademarks as more fully described in the Trademark Assignment of even date herewith.

Exhibit A Page 1

11. Goods

12. Instruments

13. Inventory, including, but not limited to, the inventory of film as shown on Schedule 3 hereto.

14. Investment property, including, but not limited to eighty percent (80%) of the membership interests in
Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and one hundred percent (100%) of the membership interests in C-Bond
Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company.

15. Letter-of-credit rights

16. Noncash proceeds

17. Payment intangibles

18. Proceeds

19. Promissory notes

20. Records

21. Software

22. Supporting obligations

23. Tangible chattel paper; and

24. All other certificated securities, contracts for sale, leases, lease agreements, lease contracts, leasehold
interests, letters of credit, negotiable instruments, notes, proceeds of letters of credit, securities, security certificates, security
entitlements, and uncertificated securities.

Exhibit A Page 2

Schedule 1

Accounts Receivable

[XXXXX]

Exhibit A Page 3

Schedule 2

Equipment

[XXXXX]

Exhibit A Page 4

Schedule 3

Inventory

[XXXXX]

Exhibit A Page 5

Schedule 4

ASSUMED CONTRACTS

[XXXXX]

Exhibit A Page 6

Exhibit B

Assigned Trademarks

Patriot Glass Solutions

C-Bond Systems

C-Bond Secure

C-Bond BRS

C-Bond NanoCeramic Coating

C-Bond NanoExterior Guard

C-Bond NanoInterior Guard

A-1 Glass Coating

Glass Shield

Metal Shield

Mirror Shield

The following marks, to include the logos, styling, particular
fonts, logos with adjacent and/or embedded text, and colors, together with any extensions or derivatives thereof:

Exhibit B Page 1

Exhibit B Page 2

Exhibit C

Assigned Patents

Patents

Title Jurisdiction US Patent Number Issue Date Record Owner

Materials, treatment compositions, and material laminates, with carbon nanotubes United States US-10155877-B2 12/18/2018 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Nano-(multifunctional) solutions for glass and glass products: heterogeneous nano-self-assembly and/or coating United States US-10273347-B2 04/30/2019 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Composition for strengthening glass United States US-10696583-B2 06/30/2020 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Emulsion Compositions and Methods for Strengthening Glass United States US-11247938-B2 02/15/2022 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Exhibit C Page 1

Exhibit D

Merchant Cash Advances

Name Total Amount Owed Patriot MCA Responsibility C-Bond MCA Responsibility 

Wynwood $ 74,950.07 $ 37,475.04 $ 37,475.04 

Essential $ 72,766.87 $ - $ 72,766.87 

Forward $ 46,425.40 $ 14,856.13 $ 31,569.27 

Top Choice $ 43,844.60 $ 13,591.83 $ 30,252.77 

Mint $ 69,833.31 $ 34,916.66 $ 34,916.66 

Totals $ 307,820.25 $ 100,839.64 $ 206,980.61 

Exhibit D Page 1

Exhibit E

REPRESENTATIVE AGREEMENT

This Representative
Agreement (this Agreement) is between Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company located at 2029 Pat
Booker Road, Universal City, TX 78148 (together or as independent entities referred to herein as the Company), and C-Bond
Systems, Inc, a Colorado corporation, (the Representative), individually a Party and collectively the
Parties, pursuant to which the Representative will serve as a representative of all products of the Company, its subsidiaries
and divisions, including those products described on Addendum A (the Products). This agreement is effective January 30,
2025 (the Effective Date), under the following terms and conditions:

1. The Representative shall keep the Company informed as to
the general conditions which pertain to or affect the sale of its products.

2. The Representative will serve as an independent contractor
and be responsible to pay all applicable social security, withholding and other employment taxes. The Representative will bear all expenses
incurred in its sales endeavors except those which the Company agrees to pay for in writing.

3. The Representative will diligently promote the sale of the Companys products and act as the Companys
conditionally exclusive sales representative for: (i) the specific Accounts, as listed on Addendum A, which the CEO of the Representative
has introduced to the Company prior to the date of this Agreement; and (ii) any new Accounts introduced to the Company by the Representative
during the Term (the Exclusive Accounts). With regard to each of the Exclusive Accounts, this conditional exclusivity
shall be offered by the Company to the Representative for the longer of: (i) a period of six (6) months from the effective date of this
Agreement; and (ii) six (6) months from the date on which the Representative first introduced the Account to the Company, at which time
the conditional exclusivity may be extended or modified at the sole discretion of the Company based on Representatives performance
during that time-period and as outlined in Addendum A. Performance indicators that Company will use to determine any extension, expansion
or other modification of this conditional exclusivity shall include but not be limited to the closure of sales orders, a documented effort
or progress towards sales, and any other activity that includes the pursuit and closure of new sales and account management for said Accounts
that the Company in its sole discretion deems as performance exhibited by the Representative. Under no circumstances shall exclusivity
for any Account extend longer than the Term, unless otherwise agreed by both Parties in writing. Except with regard to the Exclusive Accounts,
the Representative shall act as a non-exclusive sales representative for the Products during the Term and in the Territory. All customer
accounts serviced by the Representative that are not Exclusive Accounts are referred to herein as Regular Accounts.

4. The Company agrees to pay the Representative, as compensation for its services, a commission rate as described
in Addendum B on the gross invoice amount of: (i) all sales shipped into or provided to the Exclusive Accounts, and (ii) any sales shipped
into or provided to the Regular Accounts for which the Representative has taken the sales order in question, excluding any freight charges
or applicable taxes. The commission rate specified in Addendum B cannot be changed unless mutually agreed upon in writing. Commissions
will be paid to the Representative by the Company within five days of it receiving payment from Accounts for product or services invoiced.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the Parties and certain other parties are the parties to that certain
Debt Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement dated as of the Effective Date (the Foreclosure Agreement).
In the event that the Representative has not complied with any payment obligations of the Representative as set forth in the Foreclosure
Agreement, as and when the same are payable pursuant to the Foreclosure Agreement, the Company may offset such payments by retaining the
applicable commissions that are otherwise due and payable hereunder, and such offset shall be counted as payment of, and satisfaction
of, the applicable payment obligations as set forth in the Foreclosure Agreement to the extent of such commissions so retained.

Exhibit E Page 1

5. The Representative shall receive commission on all sales to the Exclusive Accounts and all sales to the
Regular Accounts for which the Representative has taken the sales order in question.

6. The Representative shall provide Company a copy of a completed and signed IRS Form W-9 to comply with
Companys financial reporting requirements.

7. The Representatives liability on deductions and charge backs will be limited to the commission
rate on the specific transaction. The Representative shall assist in the collection of delinquent accounts but shall not be responsible
for the payment of such accounts.

8. The Company shall provide the Representative, without charge, the necessary supplies, promotional materials,
reprints of advertisements, and such other items as the Company may deem advisable for promotion of its business and will make available
to the Representative those pamphlets. advertising, promotional and sales materials free of charge and in reasonable quantities in addition
to any sales training and technical support the Company may deem necessary.

9. The Company shall maintain an accurate set of books and records regarding commissions due and shall furnish
the Representative with copies of all invoices to both: (i) the Exclusive Accounts; and (ii) the Regular Accounts for specific sales orders
taken by the Representative, within ten (10) business days of close of each month. Commission statements containing accurate purchase
order numbers, shipping dates, customers names and addresses, invoice numbers and invoice dollar amounts and payments (including
all payments due for sales reps and road staff hired and supervised by the Representative) shall be sent to the Representative immediately
on or before the 15th day of the month following the month in which the goods are shipped or invoiced.

10. The Company agrees to engage the Representative for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date to
the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term). This Agreement cannot be shortened without the express written
consent of both Parties. In the event notice of termination is not sent by either Party certified mail, return receipt requested at least
one (1) month prior to the effective termination date, this Agreement shall be automatically renewed, under the same terms and conditions,
for an additional one (1) year period.

11. At the termination of this Agreement, a final accounting shall be made between the Parties. The Company
shall maintain an accurate set of books and records regarding commissions due the Representative following the termination of the Agreement
and the Representative shall be paid full commission on all accepted orders in-house at the date of termination which are shipped after
the termination date.

Exhibit E Page 2

12. During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one
(1) year thereafter, neither Party will hire or otherwise utilize the services of any employee or sales associate of the other without
that Partys expressed written consent. Both Parties agree that the loss of such employee or sales representative would potentially
result in irreparable harm.

13. Representative agrees that it shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless the Company, its respective officials, directors, employees, members and agents (collectively, the Company Indemnitees).
from and against any and all damages, claims, losses, expenses, costs, obligations and liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees), suffered directly or indirectly by any of the Company Indemnitees to the extent of, or arising out of, (i) any
breach of any covenant, representation or warranty made by Representative in this Agreement, (ii) any failure by Representative to perform
or fulfill any of its obligations, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, (iii) the negligence or intentional misconduct
of Representative, any subcontractor of Representative, or any of their respective employees or agents, (iv) any failure of Representative,
its subcontractors, or their respective employees to comply with any applicable law, or (v) any employee taxes or unemployment insurance
directly related to Representatives employees or contractors. Such obligation to indemnify shall not apply where the damage, claim,
loss, expense, cost, obligation, or liability is due to the breach of this Agreement by, or negligence or willful misconduct of, the
Company or its officials, directors, employees, agents, or contractors.

14. Company agrees that it shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the Representative, its respective officials, directors, employees, members and agents (collectively, the Representative Indemnitees),
from and against any and all damages, claims, losses, expenses, costs, obligations and liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees), suffered directly or indirectly by any of the Representative Indemnitees to the extent of, or arising out of,
(i) any breach of any covenant, representation or warranty made by Company in this Agreement, (ii) any failure by Company to perform
or fulfill any of its obligations, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, (iii) the negligence or intentional misconduct
of Company. any subcontractor of Company, or any of their respective employees or agents, (iv) any failure of Company, its subcontractors,
or their respective employees to comply with any applicable law, (v) any employee taxes or unemployment insurance directly related to
Companys employees or contractors, (vi) any claim alleging that the products or any part thereof infringe any third partys
U.S. patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property interest, or (vii) any third party claim alleging that
the products manufactured by the Company caused property damage or personal injury. Such obligation to indemnify shall not apply where
the damage, claim, loss, expense, cost, obligation or liability is due to the breach of this Agreement by, or negligence or willful misconduct
of, the Representative or its officials, directors, employees, agents or contractors. This Agreement shall be binding upon each of the
Parties hereto, their heirs, successors, assigns and successors in interest.

15. All notices called for under this Agreement must be in writing
and will be deemed given when mailed certified mail, return receipt requested, to a Party at its address written above or at such other
address as a Party may hereafter designate in writing to the other Party.

16. If either Party waives a breach of this Agreement (whether
expressly or by its action or inaction), that waiver applies only to the specific breach that has occurred and does not mean that any
future (or past) breaches are also waived, even if they are similar to the breach that was waived. If either Party grants an extension
of time for performance of any obligation or other action under the Contract, that extension applies only to the specific obligation
or action, and not to any other obligations or actions, past present or future.

Exhibit E Page 3

17. The Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
Texas.

18. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating
to the Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Agreement must be instituted only in a Texas state court in Bexar County, Texas,
or the U.S District Court for the Southern District of Texas, and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding, except that Company may bring litigation in the courts of Companys location. The
Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to venue in such courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim
that any or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. In the event of any litigation under or relating
in any way to this Agreement or ru1y transaction contemplated by this Agreement, then the breaching Party or Party that is determined
to be at fault will pay to the other Party all (i) costs, (ii) reasonable attorneys fees, and (iii) reasonable charges of experts,
investigators and other agents incurred in connection with the dispute.

19. Company will not be liable or responsible to Representative,
nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the
Agreement when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond Companys control, including, without
limitation: (a) acts of God (including weather events); (b) flood, fire or explosion; (c) war (whether declared or not) or invasion.
or other military action, terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest; (d) any action or order by any governmental authority;
(e) strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances; and (f) shortage of adequate power or transportation facilities.
Company will promptly provide notice to Representative of the force majeure event, stating the duration the occurrence is expected to
continue and will use commercially reasonable efforts to end the failure or delay and to minimize the effects of the force majeure event.

20. Representative may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Sales Contract without Companys prior written consent. Company will
review the request using its normal practices for evaluating prospective representatives, dealers, installers, or contractors including
but not limited to, credit, market size, market location, and product offerings. o assignment or delegation by Representative will relieve
Representative of any obligations under the Agreement. The Agreement will be binding upon the Pa1ties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns.

21. The Parties desire and intend that all provisions of this
Agreement be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any
person or circumstances is, to any extent, construed to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision
will be construed in a manner to permit its enforceability under applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case,
the remaining terms of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance other than those which have been held
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable will remain in full force and effect.

Exhibit E Page 4

22. From time to time during the Term, either Party may disclose
or make available to the other Party information about its business affairs, products, confidential intellectual property, trade secrets,
client and sub-distributor 1ists, third-party confidential information, and other sensitive or proprietary information (collectively.
Confidential Infom1ation). Confidential Information shall not include information that, at the time of disclosure is: (a)
in the public domain; (b) known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure; or (c) rightfully obtained by receiving party on a
non-confidential basis from a third party.

23. The receiving party shall not disclose any such Confidential
Information to any person or entity, except to the receiving partys employees who have a need to know the Confidential Information
for the receiving party to perform its obligations hereunder. On the expiration or termination of the Agreement, the receiving party
shall promptly return to the disclosing party all copies, whether in written, electronic. or other form or media of the disclosing partys
Confidential Information. OR destroy all such copies and certify in writing to the disclosing party that such Confidential Information
has been destroyed. Confidential Information may be used by the receiving party solely to perform its obligations hereunder.

24. This Agreement and its Addendums constitute the entire Agreement
of the Parties with respect to purchase and sale of goods and supersedes all prior Agreements and understandings of the Parties, oral
and written, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement; provided, however, that any written confidentiality agreement between
the Parties remains in full force and effect.

25. Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims,
demands, waivers, and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and addressed to the other Party at its address set
forth as follows (or to such other address that the receiving Party may designate from time to time in accordance with this Section).
Unless otherwise agreed herein, all notices must be delivered by Email, personal delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier or
certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
a notice is effective only, (a) when on receipt by the receiving Party and, (b) if the Party giving the notice has complied with the
requirements of this Section.

Notice to Representative:

C-Bond Systems, Inc.

Attn: Scott Silverman

2029 Pat Booker Rd.

San Antonio, Texas 78148

Email: ssilverman206@gmail.com

Notice to Company:

Name: Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC

Address: 29 Pat Booker Rd.

Universal City,
TX 78148

Attention: Michael Wanke

Email:
mike@a1glasscoating.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice):

Name: Joe Laxague, Esq.

Email: jlaxague@cronelawgroup.com

[Signatures
appear on following page]

Exhibit E Page 5

BY SIGNING THIS
AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS HEREIN, AND REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO THE OTHER PARTY THAT IT HAS CAREFULLY REVIEWED
THIS ENTIRE FORM, AND THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EACH RESPECTIVE PARTY.

Accepted and agreed to by:

C-Bond Systems, Inc. (the Representative)

C-Bond Systems, Inc.

By: 

Name: Scott Silverman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 30, 2025

Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC

By: 

Name: Michael Wanke 

Title: Manager

Date: January 30, 2025

Exhibit E Page 6

ADDENDUMS - PRODUCTS, ACCOUNTS, TERRITORY, COMMISSION
& EXCEPTIONS

Addendum A

PRODUCTS

All Patriot
Glass Solutions Products including Secure and any safety, security, forced entry and ballistic products, including BRS window protection.

EXCLUSIVE ACCOUNTS

1. Ransom Everglades School (Ransom)

Territory:

USA

Addendum B

COMMISSION

With respect to
Ramson: Twenty five percent (20%) of gross invoice excluding any freight charges or applicable taxes payable on or before the 15th
of the month following receipt of payment from Ramson.

With respect to
other customers: Twenty percent (10%) of gross invoice excluding any freight charges or applicable taxes payable on or before the 15th
of the month following receipt of payment from such customer.

Exhibit E Page 7

Exhibit F

Trade Payables and Credit Cards

[XXXXX]

Exhibit F Page 1

Exhibit X-1(A)

PGS Assignment of Membership Interests

January 30, 2025

This Assignment of Membership
Interests (Assignment) dated as of the date set forth above, is entered into by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc., a Colorado
corporation (Assignor) and Badcer Ops, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Assignee).

Assignor currently holds 80%
of the membership interests (the Membership Interests) of Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
(Patriot). Assignor, for good and valuable consideration received from or on behalf of the Assignee, the receipt and sufficiency
whereof is hereby acknowledged, now hereby assigns, transfers and sets over unto the Assignee all right, title and interest in and to
the Membership Interests, which Membership Interests have been delivered to Assignee on the date hereof, to have and to hold the same
unto the Assignee, the Assignees legal representatives, successors and assigns forever.

This Assignment may be executed
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument.
Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal
ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been
duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signatures appear on following page]

Exhibit X-1(A) PGS Assignment of Membership Interests Page 1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have each caused this Assignment to be executed on the date first set forth above.

Assignor: C-Bond Systems, Inc.

By: /s/ Scott Silverman

Name: Scott Silverman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Assignee: Badcer Ops, Inc.

By: /s/ Jonathan Juchno

Name: Jonathan Juchno

Title: Secretary and Director

Agreed and accepted: 

Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC 

By: /s/ Michael Wanke 

Name: Michael Wanke 

Title: Manager 

Exhibit X-1(A) PGS Assignment of Membership Interests Page 2

Exhibit X-1(B)

C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests

January 30, 2025

This Assignment of Membership
Interests (Assignment) dated as of the date set forth above, is entered into by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc., a Colorado
corporation (Assignor) and Badcer Ops, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Assignee).

Assignor currently holds 100%
of the membership interests (the Membership Interests) of C-Bond Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (C-Bond
LLC). Assignor, for good and valuable consideration received from or on behalf of the Assignee, the receipt and sufficiency whereof
is hereby acknowledged, now hereby assigns, transfers and sets over unto the Assignee all right, title and interest in and to the Membership
Interests, which Membership Interests have been delivered to Assignee on the date hereof, to have and to hold the same unto the Assignee,
the Assignees legal representatives, successors and assigns forever.

This Assignment may be executed
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument.
Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal
ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been
duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signatures appear on following page]

Exhibit X-1(B) C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests Page 1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have each caused this Assignment to be executed on the date first set forth above.

Assignor: C-Bond Systems, Inc.

By: /s/ Scott Silverman

Name: Scott Silverman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Assignee: Badcer Ops, Inc.

By: /s/ Jonathan Juchno

Name: Jonathan Juchno

Title: Secretary and Director

Agreed and accepted: 

C-Bond Systems, LLC 

By: /s/ Scott Silverman 

Name: Scott Silverman 

Title: Manager 

Exhibit X-1(B) C-Bond LLC Assignment of Membership Interests Page 2

Exhibit X-2

BILL OF SALE

KNOW ALL MEN BY
THESE PRESENTS, that pursuant to that certain Debt Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement dated as of January
30, 2025 (the Agreement), C-Bond Systems, Inc., a Colorado corporation, C-Bond Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company,
and Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (collectively, Sellers), for and in consideration of
the agreements contained therein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
have granted, bargained, sold, transferred, conveyed and delivered and by these presents does hereby bargain, grant, sell, transfer, convey,
assign and deliver unto Badcer Ops, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Buyer), its successors and assigns, all right, title and
interest of Seller in and to the Foreclosed Collateral (as defined in the Agreement) to the extent that the Seller has any right, title
or interest therein (collectively, the Assets), TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto Buyer, its successors and assigns forever.

Sellers represent
and warrant to Buyer that Sellers are the lawful owners of such Assets and are transferring such Assets free and clear of any liens and
encumbrances, except as otherwise set forth in the Agreement.

Sellers covenant
and agree to warrant and defend the sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance, grant and delivery of the Assets hereby made against all persons
whomsoever, to take all steps reasonably necessary to establish the record of Buyers title to the Assets and, at the request of
Buyer, to execute and deliver further instruments of transfer and assignment and take such other action as Buyer may reasonably request
to more effectively transfer and assign to and vest in Buyer each of the Assets, all at the sole cost and expense of Sellers.

This Bill of Sale
is being delivered subject and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and is subject to the terms and conditions therein,
and this Bill of Sale and the Agreement shall be read, interpreted and enforced together as one agreement. Sellers acknowledge and agree
that the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities contained in the Agreement shall not be superseded hereby
but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the
terms of the Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the Agreement shall govern.

This Bill of Sale
shall be subject to and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflicts
of laws.

[signature page follows]

Exhibit
X-2 Bill of Sale Page 1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller has executed this
Bill of Sale as of January 30, 2025.

C-Bond Systems, Inc. C-Bond Systems, LLC

By: /s/
Scott Silverman By: /s/
Scott Silverman

Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer

Patriot Glass Solutions,
LLC 

By: /s/
Scott Silverman 

Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer 

STATE OF FL ) 

) ss

COUNTY Broward ) 

On the 30th day of January, 2025, before
me, the undersigned, personally appeared Scott Silverman, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence
to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity,
and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument,
and that such individual made such appearance before the undersigned in said County and State.

/s/ Courtney Wood 

Notary Public 

My Commission Expires: 11/22/28 

Exhibit X-2 Bill of Sale Page 2

Exhibit X-3

TRADEMARK ASSIGNMENT AND LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

This Trademark Assignment
and License Agreement (the Assignment) is made between C-Bond Systems, Inc., a Colorado corporation (C-Bond),
C-Bond Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (C-Bond LLC), and Patriot Glass Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited
liability company (Patriot, and together with C-Bond and C-Bond LLC, collectively, the Assignor),
and Badcer Ops, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Assignee), effective as of January 30, 2025 (the Effective
Date), pursuant to that certain Debt Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement dated as of the Effective
Date (the Agreement).

WHEREAS, Assignor
owns or controls all right, title and interest in and to certain trademarks as listed on Schedule 1 hereto (collectively, the Trademarks);

WHEREAS, Assignor
wishes to assign, and Assignee wishes to obtain, all right, title and interest in and to the Trademarks; and

NOW THEREFORE, for
and in consideration of the agreements contained in the Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Assignment.
Assignor hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Assignee and its successors, legal representatives and assigns all of its right,
title and interest in and to:

a.
the Trademarks throughout the world, whether or not any of such Trademarks have been registered prior to, on or after the date of this
assignment, and any and all renewals and extensions thereof, together with the goodwill of the business connected with the use of, and
symbolized by, the Trademarks; and

b. all
claims, demands and rights of action, both statutory and based upon common law, that Assignor has or might have the right to assert against
any third party by reason of any infringement of the Trademarks, prior to, on or after the date of this assignment, together with the
right to prosecute such claims, demands and rights of action in Assignees own name.

2. Representations
and Warranties. Assignor hereby represents and warrants to the Assignee as follows:

a. Authority.
Assignor has the right, power and authority to enter into this Assignment.

b. No
Violations or Conflicts. Assignor is the sole owner of the Trademarks and is entitled to assign the Trademarks without the consent
of any third party.

3. Further
Actions of Assignor. Assignor covenants and agrees to warrant and defend the transfer and assignment of Assignors rights under
the Trademarks hereby made against all persons whomsoever, to execute and deliver further instruments of transfer and assignment and take
such other action as Assignee may reasonably request to more effectively transfer and assign to Assignee each of the Trademarks, all at
the sole cost and expense of Assignor; provided, however, that Assignor shall not be required to pay any costs or fees associated with
filing of any documents related to the Trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Exhibit X-3 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement Page 1

4. License.

a. Term. For purposes herein, the Term shall mean the period from the Effective Date until C-Bond has received the approval from all Governmental Authorities to change its name and has actually processed such name change, including without limitation, all approvals of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and approvals of the shareholders of C-Bond. C-Bond shall utilize its commercially reasonable efforts to complete the name change as soon as practicable following the Effective Date.

b. License Grant. As of the Effective Date and for a period from the Effective Date to the end of the Term (the License Term) C-Bond is hereby granted the non-exclusive, transferable and assignable to any wholly owned subsidiary or affiliate, right and license or sub-license, as the case may be, to reproduce, publish, display and use the name C-Bond, any derivative thereof, and any logos or other use thereof or incorporating such name (collectively, the Licensed Property), for all purposes related to the operations of C-Bond and its Affiliates (as defined in the Agreement) (the Authorized Purpose). C-Bond may use, reproduce, print and/or publish the Licensed Property in accordance with the Authorized Purpose only. The Authorized Purpose and this grant of rights is world-wide and includes all forms of publication, including without limitation print medium, video, and digital publication as described in the Authorized Purpose. C-Bond may prepare and utilize, at C-Bonds sole cost and expense, any foreign language edition of the Licensed Property for any Authorized Purpose, without separate written permission from or notice to Assignee, and without any additional usage fee, royalty or other consideration owed to Assignee. C-Bond may reproduce, display, distribute or use the Licensed Property in any medium or in connection with any other publications, advertising or promotional materials, or for any Authorized Purpose. C-Bond shall have the right to crop or retouch the Licensed Property as needed to fit space or to enhance its function in the design context, or to reproduce the Licensed Property in black and white, as duotones or with overprints. Notwithstanding the foregoing, C-Bond will not engage in commercial use of the C-Bond name, except as necessary to properly reference its legal corporate name when required.

5. Relation
to the Agreement. This Assignment is being delivered subject and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and is subject
to the terms and conditions therein, and this Assignment and the Agreement shall be read, interpreted and enforced together as one agreement.
Assignor acknowledges and agrees that the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities contained in the Agreement
shall not be superseded hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict
or inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the Agreement shall govern.

6. Governing
Law. This Assignment shall be subject to and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws.

7. Notices.
Any notices hereunder shall be sent in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Agreement.

[signature page follows]

Exhibit X-3 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement Page 2

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed this Assignment as of January 30,
2025.

C-Bond Systems, Inc. C-Bond Systems, LLC

By: /s/
Scott Silverman By: /s/
Scott Silverman

Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer

Patriot Glass Solutions,
LLC Badcer Ops, Inc.

By: /s/
Scott Silverman By: /s/
Jonathan Juchno

Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Juchno, its Secretary and Director

STATE OF Florida ) 

) ss

COUNTY Miami-Dade ) 

On
the 30th day of January, 2025, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared Scott Silverman, personally known to me or
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged
to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf
of which the individual acted, executed the instrument, and that such individual made such appearance before the undersigned in said
County and State.

/s/
Jessica Gosselin 

Notary Public 

My Commission Expires: 8/15/2025 

STATE OF ) 

) ss

COUNTY ) 

On
the 30th day of January, 2025, before me, the undersigned, personally appeared Jonathan
Juchno, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual
whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by his signature
on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument, and that such individual
made such appearance before the undersigned in said County and State.

Notary Public 

My Commission Expires: __/__/__ 

Exhibit X-3 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement Page 3

SCHEDULE
1

Trademarks

The
following standard character marks, together with any extensions or derivatives thereof:

Patriot
Glass Solutions

C-Bond
Systems

C-Bond
Secure

C-Bond
BRS

C-Bond
NanoCeramic Coating

C-Bond
NanoExterior Guard

C-Bond
NanoInterior Guard

A-1
Glass Coating

Glass
Shield

Metal
Shield

Mirror
Shield

The
following marks, to include the logos, styling, particular fonts, logos with adjacent and/or embedded text, and colors, together with
any extensions or derivatives thereof:

Exhibit X-3 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement Page 4

Exhibit X-3 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement Page 5

Exhibit X-4

PATENT ASSIGNMENT

This Patent Assignment
(the Assignment) is made between C-Bond Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (Assignor),
and Badcer Ops, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Assignee), effective as of January 30, 2025 (the Effective
Date), pursuant to that certain Debt Forgiveness, Equity Redemption and Strict Foreclosure Agreement dated as of January 30,
2025 (the Agreement).

WHEREAS, Assignor
owns or controls all right, title and interest in and to certain U.S. Patents as listed on Schedule 1 hereto (collectively, the
Patents);

WHEREAS, Assignor
wishes to assign, and Assignee wishes to obtain, all right, title and interest in and to the Patents; and

NOW THEREFORE, for
and in consideration of the agreements contained in the Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Assignment.
Assignor hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Assignee and its successors, legal representatives and assigns all of its right,
title and interest in and to:

a.
the Patents;

b.
any and all of the inventions, invention disclosures, and discoveries existing as of the Effective Date to the extent disclosed or claimed
in the Patents;

c. any
rights of priority created by such Patents under any treaty relating thereto;

d. all
technical information, discoveries, improvements, processes, formulae, data, engineering, technical and shop drawings, inventions, shop-rights,
know-how and trade secrets which are or may be useful or necessary in the use, development, or commercialization of the inventions described
in the Patents;

e. the
right to sue and bring any causes of action (whether currently pending, filed or otherwise) and all other enforcement rights and rights
to remedies under, on account of, or related to any of the Patents including, without limitation, all causes of action and other enforcement
rights for: (i) damages, (ii) injunctive relief, and (iii) other remedies of any kind for past, current and future infringement, misappropriation
or violation of rights and all rights to sue for any of the foregoing; and

f. all
rights to collect royalties and other payments under or on account of any of the Patents, as well as all rights to assign or sell an interest
in such royalties or other payments to third parties.

Exhibit X-4 Patent Assignment Page 1

2. Representations
and Warranties. Assignor hereby represents and warrants to the Assignee as follows:

a. Authority.
Assignor has the right, power and authority to enter into this Assignment.

b. No
Violations or Conflicts. Assignor is the sole owner of the Patents and is entitled to assign the Patents without the consent of any
third party.

c. Non-Interference.
Immediately following the Effective Date, Assignor does not own any Patents or other intellectual property that would conflict with Assignees
ability to fully exploit the Patents. Assignor has disclosed to Assignee all patents, know-how and materials necessary or reasonably useful
for the exploitation of the Patents.

3. Further
Actions of Assignor. Assignor covenants and agrees to warrant and defend the transfer and assignment of Assignors rights under
the Patents hereby made against all persons whomsoever to the extent arising from the actions of Assignor following the Effective Date,
to execute and deliver further instruments of transfer and assignment and take such other action as Assignee may reasonably request to
more effectively transfer and assign to Assignee each of the Patents, all at the sole cost and expense of Assignor; provided, however,
that Assignor shall not be required to pay any costs or fees associated with filing this Assignment, or any other document related to
the transfer of the Patents, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

4. Relation
to the Agreement. This Assignment is being delivered subject and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and is subject
to the terms and conditions therein, and this Assignment and the Agreement shall be read, interpreted and enforced together as one agreement.
Assignor acknowledges and agrees that the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and indemnities contained in the Agreement
shall not be superseded hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict
or inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the Agreement shall govern.

5. Governing
Law. This Assignment shall be subject to and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws.

6. Notices.
Any notices hereunder shall be sent in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Agreement.

[signature page follows]

Exhibit X-4 Patent Assignment Page 2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor has executed this
Assignment as of January 30, 2025.

C-Bond Systems, LLC

By: /s/
Scott Silverman

Scott Silverman, its Chief Executive Officer

STATE OF FL ) 

) ss

COUNTY Broward ) 

On the 30th day of January, 2025, before
me, the undersigned, personally appeared Scott Silverman, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence
to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity,
and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument,
and that such individual made such appearance before the undersigned in said County and State.

/s/ Courtney Wood 

Notary Public 

My Commission Expires: 11/22/28 

Exhibit X-4 Patent Assignment Page 3

SCHEDULE 1

Patents

Title Jurisdiction US Patent Number Issue Date Record Owner

Materials, treatment compositions, and material
laminates, with carbon nanotubes United States US-10155877-B2 12/18/2018 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Nano-(multifunctional) solutions for glass and glass products: heterogeneous nano-self-assembly and/or coating United States US-10273347-B2 04/30/2019 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Composition for strengthening glass United States US-10696583-B2 06/30/2020 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Emulsion Compositions and Methods for Strengthening Glass United States US-11247938-B2 02/15/2022 C-Bond Systems, LLC

Exhibit X-4 Patent Assignment Page 4

Exhibit X-5

Badcer Stock Power

[XXXXX]

Exhibit X-6

Mr. Wanke Stock Power

[XXXXX]

Exhibit X-7

Badders Childrens Trust Stock Power

[XXXXX]

Exhibit X-8

Mr. Badders Stock Power

[XXXXX]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-1_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-1_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-1_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-1_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-1_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex10-1_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex10-1_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>cbnt-20241221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>cbnt-20241221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>cbnt-20241221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Dec. 21, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 21, 2024

Entity File Number 000-53029

Entity Registrant Name C-Bond Systems, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001421636

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1315585

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CO

Entity Address, Address Line One 2029 Pat Booker Rd.

Entity Address, City or Town San Antionio

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78148

City Area Code 210

Local Phone Number 490-3977

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cbondsystems.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cbnt-20241221.xsd 
cbnt-20241221_lab.xml 
cbnt-20241221_pre.xml 
ea0229586-8k_cbond.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-009699-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ea0229586-8k_cbond_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001421636 

2024-12-21 
2024-12-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001421636 
8-K 
2024-12-21 
C-Bond Systems, Inc. 
CO 
000-53029 
26-1315585 
2029 Pat Booker Rd. 
San Antionio 
TX 
78148 
210 
490-3977 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>