<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008980.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008980.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304081531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008980
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250304
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lucid Diagnostics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001799011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				825488042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40901
		FILM NUMBER:		25701627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 949 4319

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000179901100017990112025-03-042025-03-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
4, 2025

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-40901 82-5488042

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

360
Madison Avenue, 25th
Floor, New
York, New
York 10017

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (917)813-1828

N/A

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425).

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12).

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)).

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)).

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share LUCD The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Other
Events.

On
March 4, 2025, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. (the Company) entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement) with Canaccord Genuity LLC (the Placement Agent). Under the Placement Agency Agreement,
the Placement Agent agreed to act as the placement agent, on a commercially reasonable best efforts basis, for a proposed
offering by the Company of shares of its common stock (the Offering). As compensation for such services, the Company
agreed to pay the Placement Agent a fee of 7.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of such shares to purchasers introduced
to the Company by the Placement Agent, and to reimburse the Placement Agent for certain expenses incurred in connection with this offering,
including its reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel up to $50,000. In addition, the Company has agreed to pay a financial advisor
of the Company a fee of $300,000. The Placement Agency Agreement is subject to customary closing conditions and contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants of the Company. In addition, the Company agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent against certain liabilities,
including for certain liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

On
the same date, in connection with the Offering, the Company entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements)
with the purchasers in the Offering (the Investors). Under the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to
purchase, and the Company agreed to sell, an aggregate of 13,939,331 shares (the Shares) of the Companys
common stock, at a purchase price of $1.10 per Share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $15.3 million. Of such amount, 5,175,685
Shares were sold to Investors that were introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent. The Subscription Agreements contain customary
representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the Investors.

The
Company estimates that the net proceeds of the Offering, after deducting the Placement Agents fees and the estimated expenses
of the Offering, will be approximately $14.5 million. The Offering is expected to close on or about March 5, 2025, subject to the customary
closing conditions contained in the Placement Agency Agreement.

The
Offering was made pursuant to the Companys existing shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-268560), which
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 25, 2022 and declared effective by the SEC
on December 6, 2022, and will be described in more detail in the prospectus supplement relating to the Offering to be filed with the
SEC.

The
Placement Agency Agreement and a form of the Subscription Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 1.1 and 10.1, respectively, and are
incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the opinion of Graubard Miller relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the securities
in the Offering is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1. The foregoing description of the Offering by the Company and the documentation related
thereto does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits, which are incorporated herein
by reference.

The
Placement Agency Agreement and the form of Subscription Agreement have been included to provide investors and security holders with information
regarding their terms. The agreements are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company. The representations,
warranties and covenants contained in the Placement Agency Agreement and the Subscription Agreements were made only for purposes of such
agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements, may in some cases be made solely
for the allocation of risk between the parties and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Item
7.01. Regulation
FD Disclosure.

On
March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Offering and the execution of the Subscription Agreements. The press
release is attached to this Current Report as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information furnished under this Item 7.01, including the exhibits related thereto, shall not be deemed filed for purpose
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any disclosure document of the
Company, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such document.

2

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits:

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Placement
Agency Agreement.

5.1 Opinion
of Graubard Miller.

10.1 Form
of Subscription Agreement.

23.1 Consent
of Graubard Miller (including as part of Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press
release.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
March 4, 2025 LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC.

By: /s/
Dennis McGrath

Dennis
McGrath

Chief
Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

Execution
Version

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

March
4, 2025

Canaccord
Genuity LLC

1
Post Office Square

30th
Floor

Boston,
Massachusetts 02109

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Introduction.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement), Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), hereby agrees to sell up to an aggregate of 5,175,685 shares (the Placement Shares)
of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) directly to various investors
(each, a Non-Excluded Investor and, collectively, the Non-Excluded Investors)
through Canaccord Genuity LLC (the Placement Agent) as placement agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company has directly solicited investments from certain investors (the Excluded Investors) as identified
in the Engagement Letter between the Company and the Placement Agent dated February 27, 2025, and therefore the Placement Agent is not
acting as placement agent with respect to the Excluded Investors. The Non-Excluded Investors and the Excluded Investors are collectively
herein referred to as the Investors.

The
documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without
limitation, subscription agreements (the Purchase Agreements), shall be collectively referred to herein as
the Transaction Documents. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or
selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Placement Shares pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268560) (the Registration
Statement), with the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions
and negotiations between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable
best efforts basis and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Placement Shares,
or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined
below) be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Placement Shares for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The
Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind
the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase Placement Shares and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers
to purchase Placement Shares and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment
of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Placement Shares shall be made at one or more closings (each a Closing
and the date on which each Closing occurs, a Closing Date). As compensation for services rendered, on each
Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i)
A cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Placement Shares to Non-Excluded Investors,
at the closing of the Offering (the Closing).

(ii)
The Company also agrees to reimburse Placement Agents expenses up to a maximum of $50,000, payable immediately upon the Closing
of the Offering.

(b)
The term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be until the completion of the Offering (the Exclusive
Term); provided, however, that a party hereto may terminate the engagement with respect to itself at any
time upon 10 days written notice to the other parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning
confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification
provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned
prior to termination and payable, and to reimburse expenses actually incurred prior to termination and reimbursable pursuant to Section
1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), will survive any expiration or termination of this
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate,
analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below)
other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated
or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision
thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule
405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement
Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Securities Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was declared effective on December 6, 2022, for the registration of the Placement
Shares under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company and the prospective Investors, the Company
will file with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A, 430B and 430C and Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations
(the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder, a final prospectus supplement relating
to the placement of the Placement Shares, and will advise the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect
to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed
at such time, as amended at such time, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus
in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness, together with any preliminary prospectus
supplement relating to the Offering, is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the final prospectus
supplement, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as it may
be amended or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus. The Registration Statement at the
time it originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference
in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall
be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents),
if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
at any given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the
Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement,
or the issue date of the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference.
All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included,
described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the
Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial
statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time
of Sale Disclosure Package means the Base Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus supplement, any subscription agreement
between the Company and the Investors, and any issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part
of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the pricing information set forth on Schedule I attached hereto. The term any
Prospectus shall mean, as the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, and any supplement to either
thereof.

(b)
Offering Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute,
prior to each Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares other than the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package.

(c)
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus. The Company and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement meet the requirements for and comply with the applicable conditions set forth in Form S-3 (including General Instructions
I.A and I.B) under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission and declared effective by the Commission
under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement is effective. The Final Prospectus will name the Placement Agent as placement agent
in the section entitled Plan of Distribution. The Company has not received, and has no notice of, any order of the Commission
preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, or threatening or instituting proceedings for that purpose. The Registration
Statement and the offer and sale of Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act
and comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration
Statement have been so described or filed. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus,
and any such amendments or supplements and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the Commission on or
prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to the Placement Agent and its counsel. The
Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Closing Date and completion of the distribution of the Placement
Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to which the Placement
Agent has consented. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is currently listed on the Exchange
under the trading symbol LUCD. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, delisting the Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received
any notification that the Commission or the Exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys
knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Exchange.

(d)
No Misstatement or Omission. At each Closing Date, the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final
Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement,
when it became effective, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Time of Sale Disclosure Package and any amendment and supplement
thereto, on the date thereof, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Final Prospectus and any amendment
and supplement thereto, on the date thereof, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated
by reference in the Final Prospectus, as of the respective dates thereof, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such
document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Company by the Placement Agent in writing specifically
for use in the preparation thereof, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Placement Agent to
the Company consists of Agent Information as defined below.

(e)
Conformity with the Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the documents incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, when such
documents were or are filed with the Commission under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the
Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, as applicable.

(f)
Financial Information. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, together with the
related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries
(as defined below) as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders
equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and
Exchange Act and in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined
below) contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus
and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial
statements and books and records of the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be
included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus that
are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) do not have any material
liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the Registration Statement
(excluding the exhibits thereto), the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, other than liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business; and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial measures
(as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus fairly presents
the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines
applicable thereto.

(g)
Conformity with EDGAR Filing. The Final Prospectus delivered to the Placement Agent for use in connection with the sale of the
Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Final Prospectus created to be transmitted to the
Commission for filing via EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(h)
Organization. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly organized, validly existing as a corporation and in good standing
under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly licensed or qualified
as a foreign corporation for transaction of business and in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which their respective
ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such license or qualification, and have all corporate
power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective properties and to conduct their respective businesses as described in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, except where the failure to be so qualified or
in good standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect or would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on or affecting the assets, business, operations, earnings, properties, condition
(financial or otherwise), prospects, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as
a whole, or prevent or materially interfere with consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (a Material Adverse
Effect).

(i)
Subsidiaries. The subsidiaries set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K (collectively,
the Subsidiaries), are the Companys only significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and in the Final Prospectus, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the equity interests of the Subsidiaries free and
clear of any lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal or other restriction, and all the equity interests
of the Subsidiaries are validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive and similar rights. No Subsidiary is
currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys
capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such
Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.

(j)
No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar
organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such
a default, in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject; or
(iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority (as defined below),
except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or default that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, no other party under any material contract or other agreement
to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party is in default in any respect thereunder where such default would have a Material Adverse
Effect. Governmental Authority means (i) any federal, provincial, state, local, municipal, national or international
government or governmental authority, regulatory or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality, court, tribunal, arbitrator or arbitral body (public or private); (ii) any self-regulatory organization; or (iii)
any political subdivision of any of the foregoing.

(k)
No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus and the Free Writing Prospectuses, if any (including any document deemed incorporated
by reference therein), there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect or the occurrence of any development that the Company reasonably
expects will result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any obligation or liability, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet
obligations), incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iii)
any material change in the capital stock or outstanding long-term indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in each
case above in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including any document
deemed incorporated by reference therein).

(l)
Capitalization. The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and
nonassessable and, other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus,
or as have been satisfied or waived in connection with the Offering, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal
or similar rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of additional options
shares of restricted stock, or other stock-based awards under the Companys existing stock option plans, or changes in the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable
for, or convertible into, Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof) and such authorized capital stock conforms to the description
thereof set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus. The description of the
securities of the Company in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus is complete and
accurate in all material respects. Except as disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package or the Final Prospectus, as of the date referred to therein, the Company does not have outstanding any options to purchase, or
any rights or warrants to subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or
commitments to issue or sell, any shares of capital stock or other securities.

(m)
Authorization; Enforceability. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a legal,
valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general
equitable principles.

(n)
Authorization of Placement Shares. The Placement Shares, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board
of directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor
as provided herein, will be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien,
encumbrance, security interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first
refusal or other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Placement Shares, when issued,
will conform to the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Final Prospectus.

(o)
No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority
is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale by the Company of the
Placement Shares, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required
under applicable state securities laws, or by the by-laws and rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
or the Exchange, in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares to the Investors.

(p)
No Preferential Rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus,
or as have been satisfied or waived in connection with the Offering, (i) no person, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Person), has the right, contractual or otherwise, to cause
the Company to issue or sell to such Person any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company,
(ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal, rights of co-sale, or any other rights (whether pursuant
to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities
of the Company, (iii) no Person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the
offer and sale of the Common Stock, and (iv) no Person has the right, contractual or otherwise, to require the Company to register under
the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, or to include any such shares
or other securities in the Registration Statement or the offering contemplated thereby, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated thereby or otherwise.

(q)
Independent Public Accounting Firm. Marcum LLP (the Accountant), whose report on the consolidated
financial statements of the Company is filed with the Commission as part of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the
Final Prospectus, are and, during the period covered by their report, were an independent registered public accounting firm within the
meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). To the Companys knowledge, the
Accountant is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) with respect to the Company.

(r)
Enforceability of Agreements. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final
Prospectus, all agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced in the Final Prospectus are legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general
equitable principles and (ii) the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state securities laws
or public policy considerations in respect thereof.

(s)
No Litigation. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus,
there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority pending, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any
audits or investigations by or before any Governmental Authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party or to which any property
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect
and, to the Companys knowledge, no such actions, suits, proceedings, audits or investigations are threatened or contemplated by
any Governmental Authority or threatened by others; and (i) there are no current or pending audits or investigations, actions, suits
or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Final Prospectus
that are not so described; and (ii) there are no contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed
as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not so filed.

(t)
Consents and Permits. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries have made all filings, applications and submissions required by, possesses and is operating in compliance
with, all approvals, licenses, certificates, certifications, clearances, consents, grants, exemptions, marks, notifications, orders,
permits and other authorizations issued by, the appropriate federal, state or foreign Governmental Authority (including, without limitation,
the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA), the United States Drug Enforcement Administration
or any other foreign, federal, state, provincial, court or local government or regulatory authorities including self-regulatory organizations
engaged in the regulation of clinical trials, pharmaceuticals, biologics or biohazardous substances or materials) necessary for the ownership
or lease of their respective properties or to conduct its businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus (collectively, Permits), except for such Permits the failure of which to
possess, obtain or make the same would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the
terms and conditions of all such Permits, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all
of the Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except where any invalidity, individually or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice relating
to the limitation, revocation, cancellation, suspension, modification or non-renewal of any such Permit which, singly or in the aggregate,
if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect, or has any reason to believe that
any such license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course. To the extent required by applicable
laws and regulations of the FDA, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary has submitted to the FDA an Investigational Device Exemption
Application or amendment or supplement thereto for each clinical trial it has conducted or sponsored or is conducting or sponsoring;
all such submissions were in material compliance with applicable laws and rules and regulations when submitted and no material deficiencies
have been asserted by the FDA with respect to any such submissions.

(u)
Regulatory Filings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to file with the applicable Governmental Authorities (including, without limitation,
the FDA, or any foreign, federal, state, provincial or local Governmental Authority performing functions similar to those performed by
the FDA) any required filing, declaration, listing, registration, report or submission, except for such failures that, individually or
in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect; except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and the Final Prospectus, all such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions were in compliance
with applicable laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority with respect to any such
filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions, except for any deficiencies that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has operated and currently is, in all material respects, in compliance with the
United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, all applicable rules and regulations of the FDA and other federal, state, local and
foreign Governmental Authority exercising comparable authority.

(v)
Intellectual Property. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic patents, patent applications,
trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology,
Internet domain names, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property),
necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted except to the extent that the failure to own, possess, license
or otherwise hold adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus (i) there are
no rights of third parties to any such Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (ii) to the Companys knowledge,
there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any
such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding
or claim; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging
the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (v) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action,
suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company and its Subsidiaries infringe or otherwise violate any patent, trademark, copyright,
trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (vi) to the Companys knowledge, there is no third-party U.S. patent or published
U.S. patent application which contains claims for which an Interference Proceeding (as defined in 35 U.S.C. 135) has been commenced
against any patent or patent application described in the Final Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company; and (vii) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed
to the Company or such Subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect, except, in the case of any of clauses (i)-(vii)
above, for any such infringement by third parties or any such pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding or claim as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(w)
Clinical Studies. The preclinical studies and tests and clinical trials described in the Final Prospectus were, and, if still
pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the experimental protocols, procedures and controls pursuant
to, where applicable, accepted professional and scientific standards for products or product candidates comparable to those being developed
by the Company; the descriptions of such studies, tests and trials, and the results thereof, contained in the Final Prospectus are accurate
and complete in all material respects; the Company is not aware of any tests, studies or trials not described in the Final Prospectus,
the results of which reasonably call into question the results of the tests, studies and trials described in the Final Prospectus; and
the Company has not received any written notice or correspondence from the FDA or any foreign, state or local Governmental Authority
exercising comparable authority or any institutional review board or comparable authority requiring the termination, suspension, clinical
hold or material modification of any tests, studies or trials.

(x)
Market Capitalization. At the time the Registration Statement was originally declared effective, and at the time the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission subsequent to such effective date, the Company met the then applicable
requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.
At the time the Registration Statement was originally filed, the aggregate market value of the outstanding voting and non-voting common
equity (as defined in Securities Act Rule 405) of the Company held by persons other than affiliates of the Company (pursuant to Securities
Act Rule 144, those that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled by, or are under common
control with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate Shares), was equal to $20,516,803 million (calculated by multiplying
(x) the highest price at which the common equity of the Company closed on the Exchange within 60 days of the date of this Agreement times
(y) the number of Non-Affiliate Shares). The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has
not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell company at any time previously, has filed
current Form 10 information (as defined in Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with the Commission at least 12 calendar months previously
reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(y)
FINRA Matters. The information provided to the Placement Agent by the Company, its counsel, and its officers and directors for
purposes of the Placement Agents compliance with applicable FINRA rules in connection with the offering of the Shares is true,
complete, and correct.

(z)
No Material Defaults. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed
money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has not filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual
Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has
defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually
or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(aa)
Certain Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or
controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares.

(bb)
Broker/Dealer Relationships. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) is required to register as a broker
or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning set
forth in the FINRA Manual).

(cc)
No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Placement Agent or legal counsel for the Placement Agent for any legal, tax or
accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

(dd)
Taxes. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which have been required
to be filed and paid all taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being
contested in good faith, except where the failure to so file or pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed
in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus, no tax deficiency has
been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or would have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment
which has been or might be asserted or threatened against it which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ee)
Title to Real and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or
the Final Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all items of real property owned
by them, good and valid title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or
Final Prospectus as being owned by them, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those matters that
(i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries
or (ii) would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real or personal property described in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or Final Prospectus as being leased by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries is held
by them under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except for such leases that are not valid, existing and enforceable that would
not be reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the properties of the Company
and its Subsidiaries complies with all applicable codes, laws and regulations (including, without limitation, building and zoning codes,
laws and regulations and laws relating to access to such properties), except if and to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or Final Prospectus or except for such failures to comply that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by
the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or its subsidiaries has received from
any Governmental Authorities any notice of any condemnation of, or zoning change affecting, the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
and the Company knows of no such condemnation or zoning change which is threatened, except for such that would not reasonably be expected
to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or
otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate.

(ff)
Environmental Laws. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations,
decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes,
pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) have received and are in compliance with
all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses
as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus; and (iii) have not received
written notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic
substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure
to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(gg)
Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal accounting controls designed to provide
reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii)
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective and the Company is not aware of any material
weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (in each case, other than as set forth in the Final Prospectus). The Company
has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) for the Company and designed
such disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as the case may be, is being prepared. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the Companys
most recently completed fiscal quarter (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its Form
10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended as of the Evaluation Date the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures as of such date based on their evaluations of such controls and procedures and the disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Companys
internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act) or, to the Companys knowledge,
in other factors that could significantly affect the Companys internal controls (in each case, other than as set forth in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus).

(hh)
Sarbanes-Oxley. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers,
in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or
each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has
made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal
executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

(ii)
Finders Fees. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage
commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to
the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement or as disclosed in writing to the Placement Agent on or prior to the date hereof.

(jj)
Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the
knowledge of the Company, is threatened which would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(kk)
Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of
the Placement Shares, will be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company,
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(ll)
Operations. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money
laundering statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company or its Subsidiaries are subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(mm)
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships between and/or among the Company,
and/or any of its affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or
limited purpose entity (each, an Off-Balance Sheet Transaction) that could reasonably be expected to affect
materially the Companys liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources, including those Off-Balance
Sheet Transactions described in the Commissions Statement about Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions
and Results of Operations (Release Nos. 33-8056; 34-45321; FR-61), required to be described in the Final Prospectus which have not been
described as required.

(nn)
ERISA. To the knowledge of the Company, each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed
to by the Company or any of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries has been maintained
in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not
limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); no prohibited transaction,
within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the
Company with respect to any such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; and for each
such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency
as defined in Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such
plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan
determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions.

(oo)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) (a Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other
than in good faith.

(pp)
Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the
Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus will violate Regulation
T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors.

(qq)
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks
as the Company and each of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their properties and as is customary for
companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.

(rr)
No Improper Practices. (i) Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or
any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary
has, in the past five years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose any
contribution in violation of applicable law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal,
state, municipal, or foreign office or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any applicable law
or of the character required to be disclosed in the Final Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among
the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and stockholders of the Company
or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between
or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, or stockholders of the
Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus that is not so described; (iv) except as described in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees
of indebtedness by the Company or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of any of their respective officers or directors or any of the
members of the families of any of them; and (v) the Company has not offered, or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to
any person with the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier of the Company or any Subsidiary to alter the customers
or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or
publish favorable information about the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective products or services, and, (vi) neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any director, officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge,
any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has (A) violated or is in violation of any applicable
provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law
(collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws), (B) promised, offered, provided, attempted to provide or authorized the provision
of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, influencing any act or
decision of the recipient, or securing any improper advantage; or (C) made any payment of funds of the Company or any Subsidiary or received
or retained any funds in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(ss)
Status Under the Securities Act. The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act at the times specified in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares.

(tt)
No Misstatement or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and
as of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 23 below), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted,
conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Final
Prospectus, including any incorporated document deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence
does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by the Placement Agent specifically for use therein.

(uu)
No Conflicts. Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the issuance, offering or sale of the Placement Shares, nor the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated herein and therein, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions hereof and
thereof will (x) violate, or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a
default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or
assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the
property or assets of the Company is subject, except for any such violation, breach, default or result as has been waived, or (y) violate
any Law applicable to the Company, except (i) in the case of clause (x), such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have been waived
and (ii) in the case of clauses (x) and (y), such conflicts, breaches and defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; nor
will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the organizational or governing documents of the Company.

(vv)
Sanctions. (i) The Company represents that, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Entity)
or any director, officer, or, to the knowledge of the Company, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Entity, is a government,
individual, or entity (in this paragraph (vv), Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that
is:

(A)
the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities, including,
without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions
Evaders List (as amended, collectively, Sanctions), nor

(B)
located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country
or territory (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called
Luhansk Peoples Republic and the Crimea Region of the Ukraine) (the Sanctioned Countries)).

(ii)
The Entity represents and covenants that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or
otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person:

(A)
to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding
or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country; or

(B)
in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(iii)
The Entity represents and covenants that, except as detailed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the
Final Prospectus, for the past five years, it has not engaged in, is not now engaging in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions
with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or
is or was a Sanctioned Country.

(ww)
Stock Transfer Taxes. On each Closing Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required to
be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Placement Shares to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid
or provided for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with.

(xx)
Compliance with Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times during the past three years has been in
compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing,
use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured
or distributed by the Company or its Subsidiaries (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) has not received any FDA Form 483, notice of adverse
finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other written correspondence or written notice from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority
alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits
and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses
all Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations,
except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (D) has not received
written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental
Authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and
has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action,
suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received written notice that any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking or intends
to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority is considering
such action; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed
(or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted,
or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post sale warning,
dear healthcare provider letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product
or any alleged product defect or violation, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any
such notice or action.

(yy)
Statistical and Market-Related Data. The statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and Final Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable
and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(zz)
Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks,
hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are materially adequate
for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as
currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls,
policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation,
redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including all Personal Data (defined below) and all sensitive, confidential
or regulated data (Confidential Data) used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data
means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax
identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account number;
(ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act,
as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health
information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); (v) any personal information as
defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA); and (vi) any other piece of information that allows
the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified
persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no material breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses
to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor are
any such incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in material
compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems, Confidential
Data, and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems, Confidential Data, and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification.

(aaa)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with
all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, CCPA, and the European
Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws).
To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company has in place policies and procedures, and complies with and takes appropriate
steps to ensure compliance, in each case in all material respects, with its policies and procedures, relating to data privacy and security
and the collection, storage, use, processing, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Policies).
The Company has at all times made all material disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or
requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws
and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has
received written notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy
Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently
conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law;
or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(bbb)
Emerging Growth Company Status. From the time of the initial filing of the Companys first registration statement with the
Commission through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a)
of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

Any
certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent pursuant to
or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Placement
Agent as to the matters set forth therein. 

Section
3. Delivery and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of Duane Morris LLP, 1540 Broadway New York, NY 10036 (Placement
Agent Counsel) (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company). Subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Placement Shares sold on such Closing Date shall be
made by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Placement Shares, and such Placement Shares shall be registered in such
name or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the time of purchase
(as defined below).

Deliveries
of the documents with respect to the purchase of the Placement Shares, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel.
All actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section
4. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a)
Registration Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time
when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the Base Prospectus or the
Final Prospectus has been filed and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports
and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a),
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of any Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required
in connection with the Offering. The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request
by the Commission to amend the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information, and (ii)
of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing
or suspending the use of the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto
or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction, of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by
the Commission for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus or for additional information. The Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the
Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment or will file a new registration statement and use its
best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that
it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect
to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under
such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(b)
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Placement
Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors
may reasonably request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required
for that purpose, provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service
of process in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company
shall not be required to produce any new disclosure document (it being understood that the Companys common stock is a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, as a result of which no law, rule, regulation, or order, or other administrative
action of any state or any political subdivision thereof requiring, or with respect to, registration or qualification of securities,
or registration or qualification of securities transactions, shall directly or indirectly apply to such common stock). The Company will,
from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications
in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution of the Placement Shares. The Company will
advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the
Placement Shares for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose,
and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best
efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Placement
Shares as contemplated in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is
required by law to be delivered in connection with the distribution of Placement Shares contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or
any Prospectus (the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment
of the Company or in the opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement
the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or
any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare
and file with the Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration
Statement or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make
the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus,
as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents
or any Prospectus in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment
or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d)
Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during
the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus
or prospectus supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent, make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise
constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed
by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent
expressly consents in writing to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus),
the Company covenants that it shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii)
comply with the requirements of Rule 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including
in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f)
Transfer Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

(g)
Earnings Statement. As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any
event not later than 18 months after the last Closing Date, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to
the Placement Agent an earnings statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the last Closing Date,
that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(h)
Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the
Commission and the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Trading Market) all reports and documents required to be filed
under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner required by the Exchange Act.

(i)
Additional Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement
Agent or the Investors deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Placement Agent and the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party
beneficiary of, the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement
with Investors in the Offering.

(j)
No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in,
or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities
of the Company.

(k)
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit
and use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement
Agents prior written consent.

(l)
Announcement of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

(m)
Reliance on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n)
Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Shares. During the period commencing on and including the date hereof and continuing
through and including the 90th day following the date of the Final Prospectus (such period, as extended as described below,
being referred to herein as the Lock-up Period), the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the
Placement Agent (which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion), directly or indirectly: (i) sell, offer to sell, contract to
sell or lend any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities (as defined below); (ii) effect any short sale, or establish or increase
any put equivalent position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) or liquidate or decrease any call
equivalent position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities;
(iii) pledge, hypothecate or grant any security interest in any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (iv) in any other way transfer
or dispose of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (v) enter into any swap, hedge or similar arrangement or agreement that
transfers, in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities, regardless of whether
any such transaction is to be settled in securities, in cash or otherwise; (vi) announce the offering of any shares of Common Stock or
Related Securities; (vii) file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of any share of Common Stock or Related
Securities (other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Placement Shares), other than any registration statement
pursuant to contractual registration rights in existence on the date hereof; or (viii) publicly announce the intention to do any of the
foregoing; provided, however, that the Company may (A) sell the Placement Shares, (B) issue shares of Common Stock or options
to purchase shares of Common Stock, or issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise of options, pursuant to any stock option, stock bonus,
employee stock purchase or other stock plan or arrangement described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package
and the Final Prospectus, but in the case of holders thereof who are executive officers or directors of the Company, only if the holders
of such shares of Common Stock or options agree in writing with the Placement Agent not to sell, offer, dispose of or otherwise transfer
any such Shares or options during the Lock-up Period without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which consent may be withheld
in its sole discretion), and (C) issue shares of Common Stock upon the conversion or exchange, or as dividends or in payment of interest
on, shares of preferred stock or debt securities outstanding as of the date hereof, in accordance with the terms of such securities in
effect as of the date hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, Related Securities shall mean any options or warrants
or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common
Stock, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock.

Section
5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date
hereof and as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations
hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received,
and the Company shall have caused to be delivered to the Placement Agent, a letter from CBIZ CPAs P.C. (the independent registered public
accounting firm of the Company), addressed to the Placement Agent, dated as of the date hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Placement Agent.

(b)
Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule
424(b)) and free writing prospectus, if any, shall have been duly filed with the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have
been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and
no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending
the distribution of the Placement Shares or any other securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all
requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and the FINRA shall have raised no objection
to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c)
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement
and each Prospectus, and the registration, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information
as it may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d)
No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the
Placement Agents sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect
or any material adverse change or development reasonably likely to result in a material adverse change in the condition or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus (Material Adverse Change).

(e)
Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date (i) the favorable opinion of
Graubard Miller, legal counsel to the Company (Company Counsel), dated as of such Closing Date, including,
without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed to the Placement Agent and (ii) the favorable opinion of the Companys
internal intellectual property counsel (Company IP Counsel), each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent.

(f)
Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated
as of such Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the
Placement Agent shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents,
any Prospectus Supplement, and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date,
and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or
prior to such Closing Date;

(ii)
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order
having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Placement Shares or any other securities of the Company has been issued
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii)
When the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such
certificate, the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with
the Commission, and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects
conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder,
as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations
and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein) and, since the effective date
of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv)
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any
Prospectus, there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the subsidiaries
taken as a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that
is material to the Company and the subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any subsidiary, except obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise
of outstanding stock options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution
of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property
of the Company or any subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)
Lock-Up Agreements. On the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received the executed lock-up agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A, from each of the directors and officers of the Company.

(h)
Stock Exchange Listing. The Placement Shares shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market,
and the Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall
the Company have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing.

(i)
Opinion of Counsel for the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion
of legal counsel to the Placement Agent, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed
to the Placement Agent and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(j)
Additional Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received
such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of
the Placement Shares as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the
satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution)
and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
6. Payment of Expenses. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 1(a)(ii), the Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses
incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Placement Shares
(including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar and transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iii)
all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares; (iv) all fees and
expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus and each Prospectus
Supplement, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses incurred by the Company or the Placement Agent in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the
qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Placement Shares for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws
or the securities laws of any other country, and, if requested by the Placement Agent, preparing and printing a Blue Sky
Survey, an International Blue Sky Survey or other memorandum, and any supplements thereto,
advising the Placement Agent of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions; (vii) if applicable, the filing fees incident to the
review and approval by the FINRA of the Placement Agents participation in the offering and distribution of the Placement Shares;
(viii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Shares on the Trading Market; (ix) all costs and expenses incident to the
travel and accommodation of the Companys and the Placement Agents employees on the roadshow,
if any; and (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Part II of the Registration Statement.

Section
7. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its
affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person)
from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for
all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they
are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified
Person is a party thereto, (i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating
to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents)
or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant
to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any
such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not be responsible
for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified
Persons (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred
to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Placement
Shares in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct;
provided further, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Liability arises out of
or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in the Registration Statement,
any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by
the Placement Agent specifically for use in the preparation thereof; it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished
by the Placement Agent to the Company consists of Agent Information as defined below. The Company also agrees to reimburse
each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under
this Agreement, subject to reimbursement in the event that it is finally judicially determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled
to indemnification or reimbursement hereunder. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Placement Agent has
furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Registration Statement, Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Final Prospectus or any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the first sentence of the tenth
paragraph and the eleventh paragraph under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Final Prospectus (the Agent
Information).

(b)
Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may
be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified
Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity
or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall,
if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties
to any such action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall
have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected
by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company
shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified
Persons in connection with any action or related actions, in addition to a local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable, subject
to reimbursement in the event that it is finally judicially determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to indemnification
or reimbursement hereunder.

(c)
In the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other
hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of
fees actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the
Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by
the Company in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated,
bears to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d)
The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services
or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
solely from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions
or services.

(e)
The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services
under or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section
8. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other
statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent,
the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery
of and payment for the Placement Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to
the Company, its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution
and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section
9. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or e-mailed and confirmed to the
parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent:

Canaccord
Genuity LLC

1
Post Office Square

30th
Floor

Boston,
Massachusetts 02109

Attention:
General Counsel

With
a copy to:

Duane
Morris LLP

1540
Broadway

New
York, New York 10036

Attention:
James T. Seery

If
to the Company:

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc.

360
Madison Avenue

25th
Floor

New
York, NY 10017

Attention:
Lishan Aklog, M.D.

With
a copy to:

Graubard
Miller

The
Chrysler Building

405
Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor

New
York, NY 10174

Attention:
Eric T. Schwartz

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section
10. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative,
and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
11. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of
this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section
12. Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects
by the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent
and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action
or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company
further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees
that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective
service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by
certified mail to the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent,
in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this engagement letter to the contrary, the Company agrees that
neither the Placement Agent nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the
Placement Agent, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall have any
liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and
transaction described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally
judicially determined to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section
13. U.S. Special Resolution Regime.

(a)
In the event that the Placement Agent is a Covered Entity and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime,
the transfer from such Placement Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective
to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest
and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b)
In the event that the Placement Agent is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Placement Agent and becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Placement Agent are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For
purposes of this Section 13:

BHC
Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

Covered
Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
382.2(b).

Default
Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81,
47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

U.S.
Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder
and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Section
14. General Provisions.

(a)
This Agreement, together with the confidentiality provisions contained in that certain engagement letter, dated as of February 27, 2025,
by and between the parties, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral
and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and
hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and
no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit.
Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b)
The Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms
length, is not an agent of, and owes no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company
only those duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those
of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent
arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours, 

LUCID DIAGNOSTICS
INC. 

By: /s/
Dennis M. McGrath 

Name: Dennis M. McGrath 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature
Page to Placement Agency Agreement]

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

CANACCORD GENUITY
LLC 

By: /s/
Jeffrey G. Barlow 

Name: Jeffrey G. Barlow 

Title: CEO, Canaccord U.S. 

[Signature
Page to Placement Agency Agreement]

Schedule
I

PRICING
INFORMATION

Offering
Price Per Placement Share: $1.10

Placement
Shares Offered: 5,175,685

Gross
Proceeds: $5,693,253.50

Placement
Agency Fee: 7.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of Placement Shares to Non-Excluded Investors

Exhibit
A

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

[ ],
2025

Canaccord
Genuity LLC

1
Post Office Square

30th
Floor

Boston,
Massachusetts 02109

Re:
Lucid Diagnostics Inc.

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, a securityholder and/or officer and/or a director of Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
understands that Canaccord Genuity LLC (Canaccord) proposes to enter into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement) with the Company relating to the proposed offering (the Offering) of shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock). The undersigned acknowledges that Canaccord is relying on
the representations and agreements of the undersigned contained in this lock-up agreement in conducting the Offering and, at a subsequent
date, in entering into the Placement Agency Agreement with the Company with respect to the Offering.

In
recognition of the benefit that the Offering will confer upon the undersigned as a securityholder and/or officer and/or a director of
the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned
agrees that, during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the date that is 90 days from the date of the Placement Agency
Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), the undersigned will not (and will cause any immediate family member not to), without the
prior written consent of Canaccord, which may withhold its consent in its sole discretion, directly or indirectly, (i) sell, offer to
sell, contract to sell or lend, effect any short sale or establish or increase a Put Equivalent Position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) or liquidate or decrease any Call Equivalent
Position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act), pledge, hypothecate or grant any security interest in, or in any other
way transfer or dispose of, any Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Common Stock, in each
case whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the
power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities), (ii) make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect
to the registration of any of the Lock-Up Securities, or the filing of any registration statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement
(or an amendment or supplement thereto) in connection therewith, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (iii) enter into any swap,
hedge or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, the economic consequence of ownership of the Lock-Up
Securities, whether any such swap or transaction is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise,
or (iv) publicly announce the intention to do any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer the Lock-Up Securities pursuant to clauses (i) through
(v) below without the prior written consent of Canaccord, provided that (1) prior to any such transfer, Canaccord receives a signed lock-up
agreement, substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement, for the balance of the Lock-Up Period from each donee, trustee, distributee
or transferee, as the case may be, (2) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (3) in the case of clauses (i) through
(iii) below, such transfers are not required to be reported with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, and (4)
the undersigned does not otherwise voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding such transfers:

(i)
as a bona fide gift or gifts; or

(ii)
to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family (defined below) of the undersigned; or

(iii)
to any permitted transferee (defined below); or

(iv)
pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a settlement related to the distribution of assets in connection with the
dissolution of marriage or civil union; or

(v)
by will or intestate succession to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or immediate family of the undersigned upon the death
of the undersigned.

The
undersigned further agrees that the foregoing provisions shall be equally applicable to any Common Stock the undersigned may purchase
or otherwise receive in the Offering.

Furthermore,
notwithstanding the restrictions imposed by this lock-up agreement, the undersigned may, without the prior written consent of Canaccord:
(a) exercise an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under any stock incentive plan of the Company, which plan is described
in the prospectus supplement related to the Offering, provided that the underlying shares of Common Stock shall continue to be subject
to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this lock-up agreement and if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section
16 of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned
shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto the nature and conditions of such exercise or transfer and no other filing or public
announcement shall be made voluntarily during the Lock-Up Period in connection with such exercise or transfer; (b) establish a trading
plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock, provided that, such plan does not provide
for any transfers of Common Stock, and no filing with the SEC or other public announcement shall be required or voluntarily made by the
undersigned or any other person in connection therewith, in each case during the Lock-Up Period; (c) transfer or dispose of shares of
Common Stock purchased in the Offering or on the open market following the Offering, provided that no filing under the Exchange Act reporting
a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock shall be required or voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period, other
than Forms 5 and Schedule 13F; or (d) sell Lock-Up Securities for tax withholding purposes in connection with the vesting of equity awards
that are subject to a taxable event upon vesting of the Companys securities, it being understood that all shares of Common Stock
received upon such vesting or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions of this lock-up agreement during the Lock-Up Period, and
provided that if the undersigned is required to file a report under the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of
the undersigneds Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period related to such disposition, the undersigned shall include a statement
in such report to the effect that the filing relates to the satisfaction of tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection
with such vesting event and no other filing or public announcement shall be made voluntarily during the Lock-Up Period in connection
with such vesting or transfer.

The
undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar
against the transfer of the Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

With
respect to the Offering only, the undersigned waives any registration rights relating to registration under the Securities Act of the
offer and sale of any shares of Common Stock and/or any options or warrants or other rights to acquire Common Stock or any securities
exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or
exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock, owned either of record or beneficially by the undersigned, including any rights to
receive notice of the Offering.

The
undersigned confirms that the undersigned has not, and has no knowledge that any immediate family member has, directly or indirectly,
taken any action designed to or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale of the Common Stock. The undersigned will not, and will cause any immediate family
member not to take, directly or indirectly, any such action.

As
used herein, permitted transferee shall mean (a) the members of the undersigneds immediate family (for purposes
of this lock-up agreement, immediate family shall mean the spouse, domestic partner, lineal descendant (including adopted
and step-children) and his or her spouse, father, mother, the siblings of such person and his or her spouse, or any other person with
whom the undersigned has a relationship by blood, marriage or adoption not more remote than first cousin), (b) if the undersigned is
a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity, its partners, shareholders, members of, or owners of similar equity
interests in the undersigned by way of distribution upon the liquidation and dissolution of the undersigned or (c) any affiliate of the
undersigned.

The
undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power, capacity and authority to enter into this lock-up agreement.
This lock-up agreement is irrevocable and will be binding on the undersigned and the successors, heirs, personal representatives and
assigns of the undersigned.

This
lock-up agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Whether
or not the Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions.

This
lock-up agreement shall automatically terminate, and the undersigned shall be released from its obligations hereunder, upon the earliest
to occur, if any, of (i) the Company advising Canaccord in writing, prior to the execution of the Placement Agency Agreement, that it
has determined not to proceed with the Offering, (ii) the executed Placement Agency Agreement being terminated prior to the closing of
the Offering (other than the provisions thereof that survive termination), and (iii) March 31, 2025, in the event that the Placement
Agency Agreement has not been executed by such date.

[Signature
Page Follows]

Very
truly yours, 

Name
of Securityholder/Director/Officer (Print exact name) 

By: 

Signature 

If
not signing in an individual capacity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory (Print) 

Title
of Authorized Signatory (Print) 

(indicate
capacity of person signing if signing as custodian, trustee or on behalf of an entity)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

Facsimile Direct
Dial

March
4, 2025

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc.

360
Madison Avenue, 25th Floor

New
York, New York 10017

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation
of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No 333-268560), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which was declared
effective on December 6, 2022 (Registration Statement), and the offering by the Company pursuant thereto (the Offering)
of an aggregate of up to 13,939,331 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (Common Stock), directly to investors through a placement agent acting on a commercially reasonable best
efforts basis. The Company will enter into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements) directly
with the investors for the sale of the Shares in the Offering. A form of the prospectus supplement relating to the Offering (the Prospectus
Supplement) will be filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424 of the Securities Act. This opinion is being furnished
in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

In
rendering the opinion set forth below, we have reviewed (a) the Registration Statement, and the exhibits thereto; (b) the form of Prospectus
Supplement, (c) the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended and restated to date; (d) certain records
of the Companys corporate proceedings as reflected in its minute books; and (e) such statutes, records, and other documents as
we have deemed relevant. In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted
to us as originals, and conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies thereof. In addition, we have made such
other examinations of law and fact as we have deemed relevant in order to form a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed.

No
opinion is expressed herein other than as to the laws of the State of New York, the corporate law of the State of Delaware, and the federal
law of the United States of America.

Based
upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and when sold and issued in accordance
with the terms of the Subscription Agreement against payment therefor, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being
filed on the date hereof, and incorporation by reference of this opinion into the Registration Statement. We also consent to the use
of our name as counsel to the Company and to all references made to us in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. In
giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof and we disclaim any
undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable
law.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Graubard Miller
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Subscription
Agreement

This
subscription agreement (this Subscription) is made as of the date set forth on the signature page hereto, by and
between the investor identified on the signature page hereto (the Investor) and Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to sell, and the Investor desires to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share
(Common Stock), which currently trade on the Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Principal
Market).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Subscription.

(a) Investor
agrees to buy and, subject to acceptance as provided below, the Company agrees to sell and issue to Investor, such number of shares (the
Shares) of Common Stock, free of restrictive legend and stop transfer orders, as are set forth on the signature
page hereto, for the aggregate purchase price set forth on the signature page hereto (the Purchase Price).

(b) The
Shares have been registered pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-268560, which registration statement
(the Registration Statement) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022,
and is effective on the date hereof. A final prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Shares (the Prospectus Supplement)
will be delivered to the extent required by law.

(c) The
Company may accept this Subscription at any time for all or any portion of the Shares subscribed for by executing a copy hereof as provided
and notifying the Investor within a reasonable time thereafter. Upon or prior to the acceptance of this Subscription, Investor shall
tender to the Company the full Purchase Price of this Subscription (or the accepted portion thereof) by wire transfer in accordance with
instructions provided in writing by the Company. In the event that the Closing is not consummated on or prior to the Closing Date, unless
otherwise agreed to by Investor in writing, the Purchase Price shall be returned to the Investor, without interest or deduction. The
Company has the right to reject this subscription for the Common Stock, in whole or in part for any reason and at any time prior to the
Closing (as defined below) thereon, notwithstanding prior receipt by the Investor of notice of acceptance of the Investors subscription.
In the event the Investors subscription is rejected, the Investors payment will be returned promptly to the Investor without
interest or deduction and this Subscription will have no force or effect. The Shares subscribed for herein will not be deemed issued
to or owned by the Investor until one copy of this Subscription has been executed by the Investor and countersigned by the Company and
the Closing with respect to the Investors subscription has occurred.

(d) Provided
the Purchase Price has been delivered to the Company and the Company has filed the Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Rule 424(b), the
closing of Investors purchase of the Shares pursuant to this Subscription (the Closing) shall occur on or
prior to the first business day after the date of this Subscription (the date of the Closing, the Closing Date);
provided that the Closing Date shall occur on or prior to the second business day after the date of this Subscription if this Subscription
is executed after 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. Upon the Closing, the Company shall cause the Shares to be delivered to the Investor, which
delivery shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Companys DWAC system in accordance with the instructions
set forth on the Investors signature page attached hereto under the heading DWAC Instructions or otherwise
provided in writing by the Investor.

2. Company
Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants that: (i) it has full corporate power and authority to enter
into this Subscription and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; (ii) this Subscription has been duly authorized and executed
by and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally or subject to general principles of equity; (iii) the execution and delivery
of this Subscription and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not conflict with or result in a breach of (A) the
Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended and/or restated, or (B) any material agreement to which the
Company is a party or by which any of its property or assets is bound; (iv) the Shares when issued and paid for in accordance with the
terms of this Subscription will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; and (v) all preemptive rights or rights
of first refusal held by stockholders of the Company and applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly satisfied
or waived in accordance with the terms of the agreements between the Company and such stockholders conferring such rights.

3. Investor
Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgments.

(a) The
Investor represents and warrants that: (i) it has full right, power and authority to enter into this Subscription and to perform all
of its obligations hereunder; (ii) this Subscription has been duly authorized and executed by the Investor and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with
its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting
the rights and remedies of creditors generally or subject to general principles of equity; (iii) the execution and delivery of this Subscription
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not conflict with or result in a breach of (A) the Investors certificate
of incorporation or bylaws (or other governing documents), each as amended and/or restated, or (B) any material agreement or any law
or regulation to which the Investor is a party or by which any of its property or assets is bound; (iv) it has had full access to the
base prospectus included in the Registration Statement and the Companys periodic reports and other information incorporated by
reference therein (the Prospectus), and was able to read, review, download and print such materials; (v) in making
its investment decision with respect to the Shares, the Investor and its advisors, if any, have relied solely on the Prospectus; (vi)
it is knowledgeable, sophisticated and experienced in making, and is qualified to make, decisions with respect to investments in securities
representing an investment decision like that involved in the purchase of the Shares; and (vii) except as set forth below, the Investor
is not, and it has no direct or indirect affiliation or association with, a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority as
of the date hereof.

Exceptions:

(If
no exceptions, write none. If left blank, response will be deemed to be none.)

(b) The
Investor further represents and warrants that, other than the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Investor has not directly or indirectly,
nor has any person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, executed any disposition, including short
sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Short Sales),
in the securities of the Company during the period commencing from the time that the Investor first became aware of the proposed transactions
contemplated hereunder until the date hereof (Discussion Time). The Investor has maintained the confidentiality
of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), except with
respect to the Investors legal counsel and advisors subject to a duty of confidentiality substantially similar to that contained
herein. Investor shall be liable for any breach by its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, representatives, legal counsel
or advisors of the confidentiality obligations contained herein as if such breach were by Investor.

2

(c) The
Investor should check the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) website (http://www.treas.gov/ofac) before making
the following representations. The Investor represents that the amounts invested by it in the Company in respect of the Subscription
were not and are not directly or indirectly derived from activities that contravene federal, state or international laws and regulations,
including anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Federal regulations and Executive Orders administered by OFAC prohibit, among other
things, the engagement in transactions with, and the provision of services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals.
The lists of OFAC prohibited countries, territories, persons and entities can be found on the OFAC website (http://www.treas.gov/ofac).
In addition, the programs administered by OFAC (the OFAC Programs) prohibit dealing with individuals1
or entities in certain countries regardless of whether such individuals or entities appear on the OFAC lists.

(d) To
the best of the Investors knowledge, none of: (1) the Investor; (2) any person controlling or controlled by the Investor; (3)
if the Investor is a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor; or (4) any person for whom the Investor
is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this investment is a country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC list,
or a person or entity prohibited under the OFAC Programs. Please be advised that the Company may not accept any amounts from a prospective
investor if such prospective investor cannot make the representation set forth in the preceding paragraph. The Investor agrees to promptly
notify the Company should the Investor become aware of any change in the information set forth in these representations. The Investor
understands and acknowledges that, by law, the Company may be obligated to freeze the account of the Investor, either by
prohibiting additional subscriptions from the Investor, declining any redemption requests and/or segregating the assets in the account
in compliance with governmental regulations. The Investor further acknowledges that the Company may, by written notice to the Investor,
suspend the redemption rights, if any, of the Investor if the Company reasonably deems it necessary to do so to comply with anti-money
laundering regulations applicable to the Company or any of the Companys service providers. These individuals include specially
designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to OFAC sanctions and embargo programs

(e) To
the best of the Investors knowledge, none of: (1) the Investor; (2) any person controlling or controlled by the Investor; (3)
if the Investor is a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor; or (4) any person for whom the Purchaser
is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this investment is a senior foreign political figure,2 or any immediate
family3 member or close associate4 of a senior foreign political figure, as such terms are defined in the footnotes
below.

(f) The
Investor acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement, the Company has entered
into a placement agent agreement with Canaccord Genuity LLC (the Placement Agent, pursuant to which it has agreed
to pay the Placement Agent a commission of 7.0% of the Purchase Price of the Shares, excluding for those issued to excluded investors
as agreed between the Company and the Placement Agent (for which the Placement Agent shall not be acting as placement agent), and pursuant
to which it has agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for certain of its expenses.

1
These individuals include specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject
to OFAC sanctions and embargo programs.

2
A senior foreign political figure is defined as a senior official in the executive, legislative, administrative,
military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official of a major foreign political party,
or a senior executive of a foreign government- owned corporation. In addition, a senior foreign political figure includes
any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a senior foreign political figure.

3
Immediate family of a senior foreign political figure typically includes the figures parents, siblings, spouse,
children and in-laws.

4
A close associate of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known to maintain an
unusually close relationship with the senior foreign political figure and includes a person who is in a position to conduct substantial
domestic and international financial transactions on behalf of the senior foreign political figure.

3

4. Investor
Covenant Regarding Short Sales and Confidentiality. The Investor covenants that neither it nor any affiliates acting on its behalf
or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any Short Sales or other disposition of securities of the Company during the period
after the Discussion Time and ending at the time that the transactions contemplated by this Subscription are first publicly announced
through a press release, prospectus supplement and/or Form 8-K. Furthermore, the Investor covenants that no shares received from the
offering will be used to cover any previously made short sales. The Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Subscription are publicly disclosed by the Company through a press release, prospectus supplement and/or Form 8-K, the Investor
will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms
of this transaction).

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) This
Subscription constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and there are
no agreements or understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof which are not contained in this Subscription. This Subscription
may be modified only in writing signed by the parties hereto.

(b) This
Subscription may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other parties hereto, it being understood
that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Execution may be made by delivery by facsimile or by email delivery of a .pdf
format data file.

(c) The
provisions of this Subscription are severable and, in the event that any court or officials of any regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction
shall determine that any one or more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Subscription shall, for any reason,
be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any
other provision or part of a provision of this Subscription and this Subscription shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid
or illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid,
legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible, so long as such construction does not materially adversely effect the economic
rights of either party hereto.

(d) All
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, sent by a recognized overnight courier service such
as Federal Express, or sent via facsimile or email, to the party to whom it is addressed at the following addresses or such other address
as such party may advise the other in writing:

If
to the Company:

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc.

360
Madison Avenue, 25th Floor

New
York, NY 10017

Attn:
Lishan Aklog, Chief Financial Officer

Tel:
(917) 813-1828

Email:
dmm@luciddx.com

4

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Graubard
Miller

405
Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor

New
York, NY 10174

Attn:
Eric T. Schwartz, Esq., Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq.

Tel:
(212) 818-8800

Email:
eschwartz@graubrd.com, jgallant@graubard.com

If
to the Investor:

As
set forth on the signature page hereto.

All
notices hereunder shall be effective upon receipt by the party to which it is addressed.

(e) This
Subscription shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of State of New York for contracts to be wholly performed
in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof regarding the conflict of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in New York, New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and each irrevocably waives any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, or that such court is an improper or inconvenient venue for such action,
suit, or proceeding. THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY,
UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(f) This
Subscription shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns. The Company shall
not assign this Subscription or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor, including by merger
or consolidation; provided, however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing
or otherwise, whereby the Company remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction, shall not be deemed a succession or
assignment. The Investor may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

5

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement, please confirm this by signing and returning to us the duplicate copy of this Subscription.

COMPANY: 

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By: 

Name: Dennis M. McGrath (Date)

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

INVESTOR:

(Name) (Number
of Shares)

$

(Signature) (Purchase
Price Per Share)

$

(Name
and Title of Signatory, if an Entity) (Aggregate
Purchase Price)

Address
for Notice: with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice):

(Address) (Address)

(Telephone) (Telephone)

(Email) (Email)

DWAC
Instructions: 

(Name
of DTC Participant) (Name
of Account with DTC Participant)

(DTC
Participant Number) (Account
Number with DTC Participant)

The
sale of the Shares is being made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act. A final prospectus supplement relating
to the sale of the Shares will be filed with the Commission and will be available on the Commissions website at www.sec.gov.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Lucid
Diagnostics Announces $15.3 Million Registered Direct Offering

NEW
YORK, March 4, 2025 - Lucid Diagnostics Inc.(Nasdaq: LUCD) (Lucid or the Company), a commercial-stage,
cancer prevention medical diagnostics company, and subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. (Nasdaq: PAVM), today announced that it has entered into
subscription agreements with certain accredited investors to sell 13,939,331 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $1.10 per
share in a registered direct offering. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering are expected to be approximately $15.3 million,
before deducting the approximately $0.8 million in placement agents fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company.

Canaccord
Genuity is acting as the sole placement agent for this offering.

The
closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about March 5, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The
securities described above are being offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268560), which was
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022. A prospectus supplement relating to the securities
being offered will be filed with the SEC. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus included
in the registration statement may be obtained, when available, on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov or by
contacting Canaccord Genuity LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, One Post Office Square, Suite 3000, Boston, MA 02109, or by email
at prospectus@cgf.com.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About
Lucid Diagnostics

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. is a commercial-stage, cancer prevention medical diagnostics company and subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. (Nasdaq: PAVM). Lucid
is focused on the millions of patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), also known as chronic heartburn, who are at risk
of developing esophageal precancer and cancer. Lucids EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test, performed on samples
collected in a brief, noninvasive office procedure with its EsoCheck Esophageal Cell Collection Device, represent
the first and only commercially available tools designed with the goal of preventing cancer and cancer deaths through widespread, early
detection of esophageal precancer in at-risk patients.

For
more information about Lucid, please visit www.luciddx.com and for more information about its parent company PAVmed, please visit
www.pavmed.com.

Investor
and Media Contact:

Matt
Riley

PAVmed and Lucid Diagnostics

mjr@pavmed.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lucd-20250304.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>lucd-20250304_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>lucd-20250304_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40901

Entity Registrant Name LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001799011

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-5488042

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 360
Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 25th
Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10017

City Area Code (917)

Local Phone Number 813-1828

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share

Trading Symbol LUCD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://luciddiagnostics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
lucd-20250304.xsd 
lucd-20250304_lab.xml 
lucd-20250304_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008980-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001799011 

2025-03-04 
2025-03-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001799011 
8-K 
2025-03-04 
LUCID DIAGNOSTICS INC. 
DE 
001-40901 
82-5488042 
360 Madison Avenue 
25th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10017 
(917) 
813-1828 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share 
LUCD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>