<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-022822.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-022822.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311172029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-022822
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Capstone Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887151
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				860585310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33560
		FILM NUMBER:		25728809

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5141 W. 122ND STREET
		CITY:			ALSIP
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7083710660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5141 W. 122ND STREET
		CITY:			ALSIP
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capstone Therapeutics Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORTHOLOGIC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940211
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233925-8k_capstone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000088715100008871512025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2025

CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-33560 86-0585310

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

5141 W. 122nd Street

Alsip, IL60803

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (708) 371-0660

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0005 par value CAPS The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

In connection with the public
offering (the Offering) of common stock of Capstone Holding Corp. (the Company), par value $0.0005 per share, described
in the prospectus (the Prospectus), dated March 5, 2025, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which Prospectus is deemed to be part of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-284105) (as amended, the Registration Statement), we entered into an Underwriting Agreement (Underwriting
Agreement), dated March 5, 2025, with Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC as representative of the underwriters named therein for the
offer and sale of 1,250,000 shares of the Companys common stock at a public offering price of $4.00 per share for gross proceeds,
before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses, of $5 million. The Underwriting Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit
1.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The terms of the Underwriting Agreement are substantially the same as the terms set forth
in the form of such agreement previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and as described therein. The Offering closed
on March 7, 2025 (the Closing Date).

Pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, as partial compensation for its services, the Company issued to the underwriters on the Closing Date, warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 62,500 shares of our common stock (the Representatives Warrant), representing 5% of the shares issued
on the Closing Date. The Representatives Warrant will be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on September 5, 2025 and
expiring on September 7, 2026, at an initial exercise price per share of common stock of $4.00, which is equal to 100% of the Offering
price. The terms of the Representatives Warrant are substantially the same as the terms set forth in the form of such warrant which
is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 5, 2025, we issued
a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as
Exhibit 99.1.

The information set forth
in Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth
by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Exhibits

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 5, 2025, by and between Capstone Holding Corp. and Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC

4.1 Form of Representatives Warrant

99.1 Press Release of Capstone Holding Corp. entitled Capstone Holding Corp. Announces Pricing of Follow-On Public Offering and Uplisting of its Shares on Nasdaq Capital Market

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 11, 2025 Capstone Holding Corp.

By: /s/ Matthew E. Lipman 

Name: Matthew E. Lipman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023392501ex1-1_capstone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 5, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP. AND JOSEPH GUNNAR & CO., LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

1,250,000
SHARES of Common Stock 

CAPSTONE
HOLDING CORP. 

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

March 5, 2025

Joseph
Gunnar & Co., LLC

As
the Representative of the

Several
underwriters, if any, named in Schedule I hereto

c/o
Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC

1000
RXR Plaza

Uniondale,
New York 11556

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, Capstone Holding Corp., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates,
including, without limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement as being subsidiaries or affiliates
of Capstone Holding Corp., the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with
the several underwriters (such underwriters, including the Representative (as defined below), the Underwriters and
each an Underwriter) named in Schedule I hereto for which Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC is acting as representative
to the several Underwriters (the Representative and if there are no Underwriters other than the Representative,
references to multiple Underwriters shall be disregarded and the term Representative as used herein shall have the same meaning as Underwriter)
on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

It
is understood that the several Underwriters are to make a public offering of the Public Shares as soon as the Representative deems it
advisable to do so. The Public Shares are to be initially offered to the public at the initial public offering price set forth in the
Prospectus.

It
is further understood that you will act as the Representative for the Underwriters in the offering and sale of the Closing Shares and,
if any, the Option Shares in accordance with this Agreement.

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate
means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable
Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Closing Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the hour and the date on the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent to (i) the Underwriters obligations
to pay the Closing Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Closing Shares, in each case, have been satisfied
or waived, but in no event later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof (or the
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after
4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed
upon by the Representative and the Company.

Closing
Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net
of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Closing
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0005 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

2

Company
Auditor means GBQ Partners LLC, with offices located at 230 West Street, Suite 700, Colombus, Ohio 43215.

Company
Counsel means Lucosky Brookman LLP, with offices located at 101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor, Woodridge, New Jersey
08830.

Effective
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date shall mean the date on which the parties execute and enter into this Agreement.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

General
Disclosure Package means, collectively, the Permitted Free Writing Prospectus(es), and the Preliminary Prospectus.

Governmental
Authority shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreements means the lock-up agreements that are delivered on the date hereof by each of the Companys officers and
directors and each holder of Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents holding, on a fully diluted basis, more than 5% of the Companys
issued and outstanding Common Stock, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

3

Material
Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
(ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Offering
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(c).

Option
Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(c).

Option
Closing Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(b), which aggregate purchase price shall
be net of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Option
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Over-Allotment
Option shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preliminary
Prospectus means, if any, any preliminary prospectus relating to the Public Shares included in the Registration Statement
or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means, if any, any supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed
with the Commission.

Public
Shares means, collectively, the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares.

Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-1 (File No.
333-284105) with respect to the Public Shares, each as amended as of the date hereof, including the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
and any Prospectus Supplement and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, and includes
any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

4

Representatives
Warrant shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.3(ii).

Representatives
Warrant Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Public Shares,
which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQX or OTCQB (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, the Representatives Warrants and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with offices located at 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company.

5

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing.

(a)
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell in the aggregate 1,250,000 shares of Common
Stock, and each Underwriter agrees to purchase, severally and not jointly, at the Closing, the number of shares of Common Stock (the
Closing Shares) set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereof;

(b)
The aggregate purchase price for the Closing Shares shall equal the amount set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule
I hereto (the Closing Purchase Price). The purchase price for one Share shall be $3.68 per Share (representing
an 8.0% discount to the purchase price offered to the public) (the Share Purchase Price); and

(c)
On the Closing Date, each Underwriter shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available
funds equal to such Underwriters Closing Purchase Price and the Company shall deliver to, or as directed by, such Underwriter
its respective Closing Shares and the Company shall deliver the other items required pursuant to Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing.
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or
such other location as the Company and Representative shall mutually agree. The Public Shares are to be offered initially to the public
at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (the Offering).

2.2
Over-Allotment Option.

(a)
For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Closing Shares, the Representative
is hereby granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 187,500 shares of Common
Stock (the Option Shares) at the Share Purchase Price.

(b)
In connection with an exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the purchase price to be paid for the Option Shares is equal to the product
of the Share Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Option Shares to be purchased (the aggregate purchase price to be paid on an
Option Closing Date, the Option Closing Purchase Price).

(c)
The Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to this Section 2.2 may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any
part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date. An Underwriter will not be under any
obligation to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option by the Representative. The Over-Allotment
Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in
writing by overnight mail or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and
time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (each, an Option Closing Date), which will not be later than
one (1) full Business Day after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative,
at the offices of EGS or at such other place (including remotely by other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company
and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, each Option Closing Date
will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters,
and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Shares
specified in such notice. The Representative may cancel the Over-Allotment Option at any time prior to the expiration of the Over-Allotment
Option by written notice to the Company.

6

2.3
Deliveries. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Underwriter (if applicable) the following:

(i)
At the Closing Date, the Closing Shares and, as to each Option Closing Date, if any, the applicable Option Shares, which shares shall
be delivered via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system for the accounts of the several Underwriters;

(ii)
At the Closing Date, and each Option Closing Date, if any, to the Representative only, a Warrant to purchase up to a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to 5.0% of the Closing Shares and Option Shares issued on such Closing Date and Option Closing Date, as applicable,
for the account of the Representative (or its designees), which Warrant shall have an exercise price of $4.00, subject to adjustment
therein, and registered in the name of the Representative (the Representatives Warrant), substantially in
the form attached as Exhibit A;

(iii)
At the Closing Date, a legal opinion of Company Counsel addressed to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance
letter, substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, and as to each Option Closing Date, if any,
a bring-down opinion, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter from Company Counsel addressed to the Underwriters in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(iv)
Contemporaneously herewith, a cold comfort letter, addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects
to the Representative from the Company Auditor dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and a bring-down letter dated as
of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any;

(v)
On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, substantially in the
form required by Exhibit B attached hereto;

(vi)
On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the duly executed and delivered Secretarys Certificate, substantially in
the form required by Exhibit C attached hereto; and

7

(vii)
Contemporaneously herewith, the duly executed and delivered Lock-Up Agreements.

2.4
Closing Conditions. The respective obligations of each Underwriter hereunder in connection with the Closing and each Option Closing
Date are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the date in question (other than representations and warranties of the Company
already qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) of the representations and warranties of the Company
contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the date in question shall have been
performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement;

(iv)
the Registration Statement shall be effective on the date of this Agreement and at each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date,
if any, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional
information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative;

(v)
by the Execution Date, if required by FINRA, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation
allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement;

(vi)
the Closing Shares and the Option Shares have been approved for listing on the Trading Market; and

(vii)
prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change
or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or
otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the
Company or any Affiliate of the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein
an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition
or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and Prospectus; (iii) no
stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the
Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, and neither the Registration Statement, nor the General Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement
thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

8

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Execution Date,
as of the Closing Date and as of each Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of
each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company
has no Subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and otherwise to carry out
its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by
the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws
relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

9

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Public Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any Applicable Law or other restriction of any court or Governmental Authority to which the Company
or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company
or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filing
with the Commission of the Prospectus and (ii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (iii)
approval for listing on the Trading Market (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Registration Statement. The Company has filed with the Commission the Registration Statement, including any related Preliminary
Prospectus or Prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act, which Registration Statement has been prepared
by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the
Commission under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on February 14, 2025 (the
Effective Date). The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 000-33560) providing for the
registration under the Exchange Act of Closing Shares and the Option Shares. The registration of the Closing Shares and the Option Shares
under the Exchange Act is effective as of the date hereof. The Company has advised the Representative of all further information (financial
and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Prospectus
Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein; and any reference in this Agreement
to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document
under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements
and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described, referenced,
set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Prospectus
Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules
and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus,
the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or the use of the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such
purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this
Agreement, free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company will
not, without the prior consent of the Representative, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

10

(g)
Issuance of Shares and Representatives Warrant. The Public Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in
accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of
all Liens imposed by the Company. The Representatives Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Representatives
Warrant, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
shares the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Representatives Warrant. The holder
of the Public Shares will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The Public Shares are not and will not
be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.
All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Shares has been duly and validly taken.
The Public Shares conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(h)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate
in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person
any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents or the capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Public Shares will not obligate the
Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters). There are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The authorized shares
of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the Companys securities were at all relevant times either registered
under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties
of the purchasers, exempt from such registration requirements. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of
Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Public Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

11

(i)
Financial Statements; Material Agreements. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the
Prospectus, and any Prospectus Supplement conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, and any Prospectus Supplement or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration
Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which
the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, and any Prospectus Supplement, or (ii) is material to the Companys business,
has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws,
and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments
has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default
thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice,
or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material
provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing Applicable Law or order or decree of any
Governmental Authority or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including,
without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(j)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the latest dates as of which such information is given
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development
that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans and (vi) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position
with the Company. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Public Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading
Day prior to the date that this representation is made. Unless otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent,
for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock.

12

(k)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, Government Authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Public Shares or
(ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(l)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Applicable Laws relating to
employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

13

(n)
Regulatory Permits. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, the Company
and each of the Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times since January 1, 2023 has been in material compliance with all United States (federal,
state and local) and foreign statutes, rules, regulations, codes, treaties, or guidance applicable to the Company or the Subsidiaries
(Applicable Laws); (B) since January 1, 2023 has not received any notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled
letter or other correspondence or notice from any Governmental Authority (as defined below) alleging or asserting noncompliance with
any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto
required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) since January 1, 2023 has not received notice of any
claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Authority or
third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge
that any such Governmental Authority or third party intends to assert any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation
or proceeding; (D) since January 1, 2023 has not received notice that any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking or intends to take
action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and the Company has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority is
considering such action; and (E) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications,
records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all
material respects on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission), except in the case of (A) through
(E) above, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Governmental
Authority means any federal, provincial, state, local, foreign or other governmental, quasi-governmental or administrative
agency, court or body or any other type of regulatory authority or body, including, without limitation, the Nasdaq Capital Market. The
aggregate of all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or of which any of their
respective property or assets is the subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (each, a Material Permit), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of
proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. The disclosures in the Registration Statement concerning
the effects of Federal, State, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct
in all material respects.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable
rights to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and
do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens
for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP, and
the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company
and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are
in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and which the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively,
the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written
or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate
or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the
date of the latest audited financial statements included within the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights
of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of
the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than
for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending
of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder,
member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered,
(ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements
under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms.

15

(t)
Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no brokerage
or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker,
financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. To the Companys knowledge, there are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the
Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined
by FINRA. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the Offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5510
(a Participating Member); or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association
with any Participating Member, within the twelve months prior to the Execution Date, other than the prior payment of $25,000 to the Representative
as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any Participating
Member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Public Shares
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities
Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing
and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through The Depository Trust Company or
another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees of the Depository Trust Company (or such other
established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

16

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents.

(y)
Disclosure; 10b-5. The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits
and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, if any,
at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules
and regulations under the Securities Act and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
The General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, complied and complies in
all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations. Each of the General Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting
any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information
set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection
with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed
within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the General Disclosure Package,
Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described
or filed as required. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken
as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly
or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
this offering of the Public Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company.

17

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Public Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets
exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including
known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on
its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof,
and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its
assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities
when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the
Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness other
than as disclosed in the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement.

(bb)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan, if any, was granted
(i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option
granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has
been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

(cc)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration
Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of
such consolidated financial statements. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments,
or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect
thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed
in respect to taxes.

18

(dd)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of Applicable Law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the FCPA.

(ee)
Accountants. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, the Company Auditor (i) is an independent registered public accounting
firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the
Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The Company Auditor has not, during the periods covered by
the financial statements included in the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section
10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(ff)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(gg)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives
request.

19

(hh)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ii)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or Government Authority or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(jj)
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires completed by each of
the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering and in the Lock-Up Agreement provided to the Underwriters
is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed
in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

(kk)
FINRA Affiliation. No officer, director or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys unregistered securities has
any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA) that is participating in the Offering. The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns that any officer, director
or owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate
or associated person of a Participating Member.

(ll)
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative
or EGS shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

(mm)
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Prospectus captioned
Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors
comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading
Market. At least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority
of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

20

(nn)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its
respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has
no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its
IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments,
orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the
Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(oo)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without
limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed
to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate
notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws;
and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating
to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by
Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number,
email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would
qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal
data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or
his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual
orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive
in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in
a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has
received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation
by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part,
any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or
(iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that
imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

21

(pp)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Underwriters
complete conformed copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part
thereof, and conformed copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and any
Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as an Underwriter reasonably requests. Neither
the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering
material in connection with the offering and sale of the Public Shares other than the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement and copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein. The Company shall
not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

4.2
Federal Securities Laws.

(a)
Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, the Company will use its best
efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of
or dealings in the Public Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating
to the Public Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the
opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Prospectus to
comply with the Securities Act, the Company will notify the Underwriters promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to
Section 4.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Securities Act.

22

(b)
Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with
the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424.

(c)
Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three years from the Execution Date, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain
the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company will not deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act
without the prior written consent of the Representative.

(d)
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the
Public Shares that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the rules and regulations under the
Securities Act, without the prior written consent of the Representative. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative
is herein referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it will treat each
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in rule and regulations under the Securities
Act, and has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act, including timely Commission
filing where required, legending and record keeping.

4.3
Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, from time to time
during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act such number of copies
of each Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto becomes effective, deliver to you two original executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments
thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all original executed consents of certified
experts.

4.4
Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Underwriters. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus until nine (9) months from the Execution Date, and will notify the Underwriters
immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto;
(ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose;
(iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public
Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of
the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of
the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 4.4 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement
of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making
of any changes in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall
enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting
of such order.

23

4.5
Review of Financial Statements. For a period of two (2) years from the Execution Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause
its regularly engaged independent registered public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for
each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information.

4.6
Expenses of the Offering.

(a)
General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing
Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company
under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the
Public Shares to be sold in the Offering (including the Option Shares) with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public Offering Filing System
fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Closing Shares and
Option Shares on the Trading Market and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine; (d) all
fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys officers, directors and entities in an amount not
to exceed $15,000 in the aggregate; (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Shares
under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as Joseph Gunnar may reasonably designate (including,
without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of blue sky counsel, it
being agreed that such fees and expenses will be limited to $5,000 to such counsel upon the commencement of blue sky work
by such counsel and an additional $5,000 at Closing); (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification
or exemption of Public Shares under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate;
(g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents, Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements
and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as Joseph Gunnar may reasonably deem necessary; (h) the costs and
expenses of the public relations firm; (i) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Public Shares;
(j) fees and expenses of the transfer agent for the Public Shares; (k) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer
of securities from the Company to the Underwriter; (l) the costs associated with post-Closing advertising the Offering in the national
editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times; (m) up to a maximum of $7,000, the costs associated with bound volumes of the
Offering materials as well as commemorative mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee will provide within
a reasonable time after the Closing in such quantities as the Underwriter may reasonably request; (n) the fees and expenses of the Companys
accountants; (o) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (p) the fees and expenses
of the Underwriters legal counsel not to exceed $125,000 if the Offering closes; or $35,000 if the Offering does not close; (q)
the $19,950 cost associated with the use of Ipreos book building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering;
and (r) up to $25,000 of the Underwriters actual accountable road show expenses for the Offering. The Underwriters
may also deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or each Option Closing Date, if any,
the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters.

24

(b)
Non-accountable Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 4.6(a), on
the Closing Date it will pay to the Representative a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds received by
the Company from the sale of the Public Shares by deduction from the proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein.

4.7
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with
the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

4.8
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon
as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Execution Date, an earnings statement
(which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Securities Act
or the Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Execution Date.

4.9
Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Shares.

25

4.10
Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability
for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences.

4.11
Accountants. The Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm for a period
of at least three years after the Execution Date. The Underwriters acknowledge that the Company Auditor is acceptable to the Underwriters.

4.12
FINRA. The Company shall advise the Underwriters (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 5%
or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of an Underwriter.

4.13
No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely
contractual and commercial in nature, based on arms-length negotiations and that neither the Underwriters nor their affiliates or any
selected dealer shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its
affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success of the Offering
that are not limited to the difference between the price to the public and the purchase price paid to the Company by the Underwriters
for the shares and the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional financial interests.
The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters
with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.

4.14
Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as
board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated
thereunder and with the listing requirements of the Trading Market and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Board of Directors
qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated
thereunder.

4.15
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 8:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof,
the Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company and the Representative shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the Company nor any Underwriter shall issue
any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press
release of such Underwriter, or without the prior consent of such Underwriter, with respect to any press release of the Company, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party
shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. The Company will not issue press
releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the first business day following the 45th day following the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases
issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business.

26

4.16
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Underwriter of the Public Shares is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination,
poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter
adopted by the Company, or that any Underwriter of Public Shares could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement,
by virtue of receiving Public Shares.

4.17
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Option Shares pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option.

4.18
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Closing Shares and Option Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Closing Shares and
Option Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any
other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares, and will take such other
action as is necessary to cause all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly
as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a
Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules
of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.19
Right of First Refusal. Subject to the right of the Company to terminate this Agreement for cause pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B),
the Company agrees that if the Securities are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Representative shall have an irrevocable
preferential right for a period of eighteen (18) months from the Closing Date to act as sole, lead, or co-placement agent or sole, lead,
or co-lead managing underwriter and joint book runner, each such role at the option of the Company, with at least 30% of the compensation
to be paid to the underwriters or placements of such offering paid to the Representative, for any and all future private and public equity
and debt offerings during such eighteen (18) month period of the Company, or any subsidiary of or successor to the Company any securities
(whether debt or equity or any combination thereof) of the Company or any such subsidiary or successor which the Company or any such
subsidiary or successor may seek to sell whether with or without or through an underwriter, placement agent or broker-dealer and whether
pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or otherwise. The Company and any such subsidiary or successor will consult the Representative
with regard to any such proposed financing and will offer the Representative the opportunity to purchase or sell any such securities
on terms not more favorable to the Company or any such subsidiary or successor, as the case may be, than it or they can secure elsewhere.
If the Representative fails to accept such offer within 10 business days after the mailing of a notice containing the material terms
of the proposed financing proposal by registered mail or overnight courier service addressed to the Representative, then the Representative
shall have no further claim or right with respect to the financing proposal contained in such notice. If, however, the terms of such
financing proposal are subsequently modified in any material respect, the preferential right referred to herein shall apply to such modified
proposal as if the original proposal had not been made. The Representatives failure to exercise its preferential right with respect
to any particular proposal shall not affect its preferential rights relative to future proposals.

27

4.20
Company Lock-Up Agreement. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, it will not, for a period of six (6) months after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period), (a) offer,
pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right
or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, except that the Company
may grant awards under its stock incentive plan in the ordinary course of business as long as the Company does not file a Form S-8 or
other registration statement covering common stock underlying the awards or otherwise issued as awards during the six (6) month period;
(b) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock
of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (c) complete
any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank; or (d) enter into
any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital
stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above is to be settled by delivery of shares
of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

4.21
Release of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions
set forth in the Lock-Up Agreements for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with notice of the impending release
or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce the impending
release or waiver by a press release through a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release
or waiver.

4.22
Future Offerings. Subject to the right of the Company to terminate this Agreement for cause pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B),
if the Closing of the Offering does not occur prior to the end of the Representatives Engagement Period (as defined in the Engagement
Agreement) (other than a termination for Cause (as defined in the Engagement Agreement)), then if within twelve (12) months following
such time, the Company completes any public or private financing of equity, equity-linked, convertible or debt or other capital-raising
activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any investors the Representative contacted in connection with the Offering, then the Company
shall pay the Representative upon closing of such financing or receipt of such proceeds the cash and warrant compensation as described
herein, in each case only with respect to the portion of such proceeds received from such investors contacted and introduced to the Company.

28

4.23
Research Independence. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts and research departments, if any,
are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal
policies, and that such Underwriters research analysts may hold and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish
research reports with respect to the Company and/or the offering that differ from the views of its investment bankers. The Company hereby
waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against such Underwriter with respect
to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research
departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters investment
banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Representative is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time,
subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short
position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

ARTICLE
V.

DEFAULT
BY UNDERWRITERS

If
on the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, if any, any Underwriter shall fail to purchase and pay for the portion of the Closing
Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such Underwriter has agreed to purchase and pay for on such date (otherwise than by
reason of any default on the part of the Company), the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting
Underwriters, shall use their reasonable efforts to procure within 36 hours thereafter one or more of the other Underwriters, or any
others, to purchase from the Company such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth herein, the Closing Shares or Option
Shares, as the case may be, which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase. If during such 36 hours the Representative
shall not have procured such other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be,
agreed to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, then (a) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur does not exceed 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the
case may be, covered hereby, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in proportion to the respective numbers of Closing
Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which they are obligated to purchase hereunder, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option
Shares, as the case may be, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase, or (b) if the aggregate number of Closing
Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur exceeds 10% of the Closing Shares or Option
Shares, as the case may be, covered hereby, the Company or the Representative will have the right to terminate this Agreement without
liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters or of the Company except to the extent provided in Article VI hereof. In the
event of a default by any Underwriter or Underwriters, as set forth in this Article V, the applicable Closing Date may be postponed for
such period, not exceeding seven (7) days, as the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting
Underwriters, may determine in order that the required changes in the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected.
The term Underwriter includes any Person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter. Any action taken under this Section
shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

29

ARTICLE
VI.

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1
Indemnification of the Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Underwriters, and each dealer selected by each Underwriter that participates in the offer and sale of the Public Shares (each a Selected
Dealer) and each of their respective directors, officers and employees and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter
or any Selected Dealer (Controlling Person) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and
all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened,
or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between such Underwriter and the Company or between such Underwriter and any
third party or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute
or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Prospectus
Supplement (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or
with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Public Shares, including any road show
or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document
or written communication (in this Article VI, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based
upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Shares under the securities laws
thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, Trading Market or any securities exchange; or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the applicable Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly
for use in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, or any amendment
or supplement thereto, or in any application, as the case may be. With respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or omission made in the General Disclosure Package, if any, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6.1 shall not
inure to the benefit of an Underwriter to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter results from
the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the Person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or
prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Shares to such Person as required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, and if the untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus
was a result of non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement. The Company agrees promptly to notify each Underwriter
of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or Controlling Persons in
connection with the issue and sale of the Public Shares or in connection with the Registration Statement or Prospectus.

6.2
Procedure. If any action is brought against an Underwriter, a Selected Dealer or a Controlling Person in respect of which indemnity
may be sought against the Company pursuant to Section 6.1, such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person, as the case
may be, shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such
action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such Underwriter or such Selected Dealer,
as the case may be) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall have the right
to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter,
such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized
in writing by the Company in connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have
charge of the defense of such action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses
available to it or them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which case the Company shall not
have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events the reasonable
fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by such Underwriter (in addition to local counsel), Selected
Dealer and/or Controlling Person shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter,
Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company shall have the right to
approve the terms of any settlement of such action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

6.3
Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, officers and employees and agents who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company
to such Underwriter, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions
made in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect
to such Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any such application. In case any action shall
be brought against the Company or any other Person so indemnified based on the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity
may be sought against such Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each
other Person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to such Underwriter by the provisions of this Article VI. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 6.3, no Underwriter shall be required to indemnify the Company for any amount in excess of the underwriting
discounts and commissions applicable to the Public Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters obligations in this
Section 6.3 to indemnify the Company are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

30

6.4
Contribution.

(a)
Contribution Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Securities Act in any case in which (i)
any Person entitled to indemnification under this Article VI makes a claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined
(by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of
the last right of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Article VI provides
for indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the
part of any such Person in circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Article VI, then, and in each such case, the
Company and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses
of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and such Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportions
that such Underwriter is responsible for that portion represented by the percentage that the underwriting discount appearing on the cover
page of the Prospectus bears to the initial offering price appearing thereon and the Company is responsible for the balance; provided,
that, no Person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled
to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each director,
officer and employee of such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or the
Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter
or the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.4, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any
amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the Public Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters
obligations in this Section 6.4 to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

(b)
Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of
the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against
another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to
so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution
hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or
its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate
therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable
to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution
without the written consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 6.4 are intended to supersede,
to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available.

31

ARTICLE
VII.

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1
Termination.

(a)
Termination Right. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date,
(i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in its opinion will in the immediate
future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on any Trading Market shall have
been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for
securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other Government Authority having jurisdiction, or
(iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been
declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a
material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not
such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the
Public Shares, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or
(viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or
prospects of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would
make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Shares or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters
for the sale of the Public Shares.

(b)
Expenses. In the event this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(a), within the time specified herein or any
extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Representative its actual and accountable
out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable, including the fees and disbursements of
EGS up to $35,000 (provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution
provisions of this Agreement).

(c)
Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Article VI shall not be in any way effected
by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

32

7.2
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Engagement
Agreement, dated July 26, 2024 (Engagement Agreement), by and between the Company and Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC,
shall continue to be effective and the terms therein, including, without limitation, Section 15 with respect to any future offerings,
shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Representative in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict
between the terms of the Engagement Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

7.3
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via e-mail attachment at the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
e-mail attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

7.4
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Representative. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition
or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

7.5
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

7.6
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns.

33

7.7
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Article VI, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

7.8
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the Option Closing, if any, and the
delivery of the Public Shares.

7.9
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7.10
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

34

7.11
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
the Underwriters and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate.

7.12
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

7.13
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

7.14
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE FOREVER ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

35

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters in
accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notice: 

Copy to: 

Accepted on the date first above written. 

Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC 

As the Representative of the several 

Underwriters listed on Schedule I 

By: Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address
for Notice:

1000
RXR Plaza

Uniondale,
New York 11556

Copy
to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10105

Attn:
Sarah Williams, Esq.

36

SCHEDULE
I

Schedule
of Underwriters

Underwriters Closing

Shares Closing

Purchase

Price 

Joseph
Gunnar & Co., LLC 1,250,000 $ 4,600,000 

Total 1,250,000 $ 4,600,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023392501ex4-1_capstone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF REPRESENTATIVE'S WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CAPSTONe
Holding Corp.

Warrant Shares: 62,500 Issue Date: March 7, 2025

THIS REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Joseph
Gunnar & Co., LLC or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations
on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after September 5, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on September 7, 2026 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from Capstone Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to 62,500 shares
(as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement (as defined below).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in
good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure
of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0005 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284105).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 150 Royall
Street, Canton, MA 02021, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underwriting
Agreement means the underwriting agreement, dated as of March 5, 2025, among the Company and Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC as
representative of the underwriters named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Representative Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice
of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in
whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on
a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular
trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day,
(ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice
of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours, or within two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours, on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of
regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

4

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of
the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise
by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for
the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and
(ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case
of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant
Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder
rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant
remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on
the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

5

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant
shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the
time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased
Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the
Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the
Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to
transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied
with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price
of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise
to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any
other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares
or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder
would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect
of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares
shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such
Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of
the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant
Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied
by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of
a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for
same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

7

e) Holders Exercise
Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any
portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such
determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the
remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and
(ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the
preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely
responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of
whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and
Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a
determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day
confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon
election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may
be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a
successor holder of this Warrant.

8

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the
Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise, other than cash (including, without limitation, any distribution
of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of
arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then,
in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of
Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then
the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common
Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit
of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any
Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell,
tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the
outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then,
upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been
issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder
of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section
3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or
(ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

10

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to
Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a)Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of
this Warrant shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days
from the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2).
Subject to the foregoing restriction, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are
transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together
with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney
and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this
Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall
not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment
form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new
holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the
Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial
issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

12

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.Registration
Rights.

a) Piggy-Back
Registration. Unless all of the Common Stock underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities)
are included in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus, the Holder shall have the right, until the Termination
Date, to include the remaining Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than
in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule 145 promulgated under the Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form);
provided, however, that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing
underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock of Registrable
Securities which may be included in the registration statement because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors
dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such registration
statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the
underwriter shall reasonably permit; and further provided that no such piggy-back rights shall exist for so long as the Registrable Securities
(which term shall include those paid as consideration pursuant to the cashless exercise provisions of this Warrant) may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 of the Act without restriction. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking
to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided,
however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities,
the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata
inclusion with the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then Holders of
outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than fifteen (15) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing of such registration
statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company until such time
as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back
rights provided for herein by giving written notice, within seven (7) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention
to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Purchase Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times
the Holder may request registration under this Section 5(a).

13

b) Demand
Registration.

i. Grant of
Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holders of at least 51% of the Warrants
and/or underlying Warrant Shares, agrees to register, on one (1) occasion, all or any portion of the Registrable Securities. On such
occasion, the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60)
days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective
promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to
piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5(a) hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering
covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of
securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days
after such offering is consummated. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by
any Holders to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of
the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

ii.Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant
to Section 5(b)(i), but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the
Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts
to cause the filing required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such states
as are reasonably requested by the Holders; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable
Securities in a State in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in
such State or submit to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to
escrow their shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right
granted under Section 5(b) to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders
of the Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The
Holders shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 4.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the first anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C).

14

c) General
Terms.

i.Expenses of Registration. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities
pursuant to Section 5 hereof, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected
by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities.

ii.Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, the Holder(s) of the Registrable
Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a) of the Exchange Act, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including
all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim
whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration
statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify
the Underwriter contained in the Underwriting Agreement.

iii.Exercise of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their
Warrants prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

iv.Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any registration statement filed by
the Company shall furnish to the Company a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily
sought of selling security holders.

v.Damages. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Section 5 hereof be delayed by
the Company or the Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other
relief available to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against
the threatened breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without
the necessity of posting bond or other security.

15

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting
rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

d)Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

16

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all
such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this
Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant
Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares
upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under
this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of
New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees
and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

17

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any
material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at Capstone Holding Corp., 5141 W. 122nd Street, Alsip, IL 60803, Attention: Matthew Lipman, email address: lipmanm@brookstonepartners.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability
is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

18

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows) 

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Capstone
Holding Corp.

By: 

Name: Matthew
Lipman

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

20

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: Capstone holding corp.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: ________________________

Holders Address: ____________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023392501ex99-1_capstone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP. ENTITLED "CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP. ANNOUNCES PRICING OF FOLLOW-ON PUBLIC OFFERING AND UPLISTING OF ITS SHARES ON NASDAQ CAPITAL MARKET"
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Capstone Holding Corp. Announces Pricing of
Follow-On Public Offering and Uplisting of its Shares on Nasdaq Capital Market

ALSIP, IL., March 5, 2025 /ACCESSWIRE/ -- Capstone
Holding Corp. (the Company or Capstone), a building products distribution company
that has successfully grown its business organically and through well-timed acquisitions, today announced the pricing of its Follow-on
Public Offering (the Offering) of 1,250,000 shares of common stock (the Common Shares) at a public offering
price of $4.00 per share for total gross proceeds of $5,000,000 before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. The Common
Shares have been approved for listing and are expected to begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2025 under the ticker
symbol CAPS. The Offering is expected to close on or about March 7, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions.

In addition, the Company has granted to the underwriters
an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of the final prospectus, to purchase up to an aggregate of an additional 187,500 Common
Shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC is acting as the
sole book-running manager for the Offering.

A registration statement related to the Common
Shares has been filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall
not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the Common Shares in any state or
jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

This offering is being made only by means of a
prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained,
when available, from Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC, 40 Wall Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10005, Attn: Syndicate Department, by
phone (212) 440-9600

About Capstone Holding Corp.

Capstone Holding Corp. is a building products distribution
company that has successfully grown its business organically and through well-timed acquisitions.
We intend to use the distribution back bone of our operating subsidiary, that currently services 31 US states, to provide a value-added
platform to make acquisitions. A key differentiator of the Companys strategy is that it maintains over half of its revenue from
brands it owns or controls. Current products include stone veneer, landscape stone, and modular masonry fireplaces.

Capstones corporate headquarters is located in
Alsip, Illinois. For more information, please visit the Companys website: www.capstonethx.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release which are forward-looking
and provide other than historical information, including but not limited to expected trading date of our Common Shares on the Nasdaq Capital
Market and the expected closing date of the Offering, are based on current conditions and information available as of the date hereof.
Although its management believes that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable, management can give
no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Those forward-looking statements are made based on various underlying assumptions
and are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including, without limitation, such factors described under the captions Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included in Capstones filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) (www.sec.gov). Capstone undertakes no obligation to update the information contained herein
to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances, except as required by applicable securities laws and regulations.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:

Investor Relations

(708)371-0660

investorinquiries@capstonethx.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>caps-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>caps-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>caps-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33560

Entity Registrant Name CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0000887151

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-0585310

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5141 W. 122nd Street

Entity Address, City or Town Alsip

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60803

City Area Code 708

Local Phone Number 371-0660

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0005 par value

Trading Symbol CAPS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://capstonethx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

caps-20250305.xsd 
caps-20250305_lab.xml 
caps-20250305_pre.xml 
ea0233925-8k_capstone.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-022822-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0233925-8k_capstone_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000887151 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000887151 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
CAPSTONE HOLDING CORP. 
DE 
001-33560 
86-0585310 
5141 W. 122nd Street 
Alsip 
IL 
60803 
708 
371-0660 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0005 par value 
CAPS 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>