<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001698530-25-000009.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001698530-25-000009.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221172454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001698530-25-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXICURE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001698530
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				815333008
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39011
		FILM NUMBER:		25653302

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2430 N. HALSTED ST.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-673-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2430 N. HALSTED ST.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Max-1 Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170221
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>xcur-20250214.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?xcur-20250214

0001698530false00016985302024-08-132024-08-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

____________________

FORM 8-K

____________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 14, 2025

____________________

EXICURE, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

____________________

Delaware 001-39011

81-5333008

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2430 N. Halsted St.

Chicago, IL60614

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (847) 673-1700

____________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share XCUR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement

Common Stock Purchase Agreement

On February 14, 2024, Exicure, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Shin Chang Partners and RMS0718 Co., Ltd. (the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to each of the Purchasers 145,454 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at a purchase price of $5.50 per share. Other than in respect of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company has no material relationship with the Purchasers. The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $2 million. 

The foregoing description of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company agreed to register the resale of the shares subject to such Registration Rights Agreement (the Shares). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file registration statements covering the resale of the Shares no later than the sixth (60th) day following the applicable closing (the Filing Deadline). The Company has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof but in any event on or prior to the Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), and to keep such registration statement continuously effective until the earlier of (i) the date the Shares covered by such registration statement have been sold or may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction, or (ii) the date that is two (2) years following the applicable closing date. The Company has also agreed, among other things, to pay all reasonable fees and expenses (excluding any underwriters discounts and commissions and all fees and expenses of legal counsel, accountants and other advisors for the Purchasers except as specifically provided in the Registration Rights Agreement) incident to the performance of or compliance with the Registration Rights Agreement by the Company.

In the event a registration statement has not been filed within 90 days following the closing date, subject to certain limited exceptions, then the Company has agreed to make pro rata payments to the Purchasers as liquidated damages in an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount invested by the Purchasers in the Shares per 30-day period or pro rata for any portion thereof for each such month during which such event continues, subject to an overall cap of 4% set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

The Company has granted the Purchasers customary indemnification rights in connection with the registration statements. The Purchasers have also granted the Company customary indemnification rights in connection with the registration statements.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating to the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based in part upon the representations of the Purchasers in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the offering and sale of the securities will be made in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The sale of the securities will not involve a public offering and will be made without general solicitation or general advertising. The Purchasers represented that they are an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and that it is acquiring the securities for investment purposes only and not with a view to any resale, distribution or other disposition of the securities in violation of the U.S. federal securities laws.

Item 8.01 Other Events

On February 14, 2025, the Company executed a Lease Termination Agreement with its landlord effective as of January 31, 2025. As a result of this early termination for the lease that expired in June 2030, the Company vacated the Chicago office and stopped any further amounts owed to its landlord. There were no additional fees or costs related to the early termination. The Company will recognize a $6 million gain as of January 31, 2025 related to this early termination. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2025, by and between Exicure, Inc. and Shin Chang Partners and RMS0718 Co., Ltd.

10.2 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Exicure, Inc. and Shin Chang Partners and RMS0718 Co., Ltd.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 21, 2024 EXICURE, INC.

By: /s/ Andy Yoo

Andy Yoo

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101_cspa21425.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Common Stock Purchase Agreement(the Agreement), dated as of February 14, 2025, by and among Exicure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on Schedule 1 hereto or an Affiliate thereof (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and together, the Purchasers). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in Section 1.6.

RECITALS

A.On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company at Closing (as hereinafter defined), that number of shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, of the Company (the Common Stock) set forth opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule 1 hereto at the price specified in Section 1.1.

B.The shares of Common Stock issued to the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement shall be referred to in this Agreement as the Shares.

C.The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has unanimously determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are advisable, fair and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

Article I

PURCHASE AND SALE

1.1Sale and Issuance of Common Stock.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Purchaser agrees to, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, and the Company agrees to sell and issue to such Purchaser, that number of Shares as set forth opposite each Purchasers name on Schedule 1 attached hereto, at a price equal to $5.50 per share (the Price Per Share and the total purchase price for the Shares to be paid by each Purchaser, the Share Purchase Price)

1.2Closing. Subject to terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Company shall issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, the Shares. The closing of such transaction (the Closing) shall occur on February [14], 2025 or as soon as practicable following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article V (the Closing Date). The parties understand and agree that, assuming the Korean Regulatory Approval is obtained and the other conditions to Closing are 

1

satisfied or waived, the Closing shall take place at such place as the Company and the Purchasers may mutually agree upon, orally or in writing.

1.3Payment. On the Closing Date, (a) each Purchaser shall pay to the Company its Share Purchase Price in United States dollars and in immediately available funds, by wire transfer to the Companys account as set forth in instructions previously delivered to each Purchaser, and (b) the Company shall irrevocably instruct Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the Transfer Agent) to deliver to such Purchaser the number of Shares set forth opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule 1 hereto, duly executed on behalf of the Company and registered in the name of such Purchaser as set forth on the Stock Registration Questionnaire included as Exhibit A.

1.4Closing Deliverables.

(a)Company. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver the number of Shares set forth opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule 1 hereto, registered in the name of such Purchaser as set forth on the Stock Registration Questionnaire included as Exhibit A; and

(ii)the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(b)Purchasers. On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)a fully completed and duly executed Stock Registration Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A;

(ii)the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by each Purchaser;

(iii)a fully completed and duly executed Accredited Investor Qualification Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B;

(iv)a fully completed and duly executed Bad Actor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C; and

(v)the Share Purchase Price by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company.

(c)Further Assurances. On or prior to the Closing Date, the parties hereto shall execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered such additional documents that take such additional actions as the parties may reasonably deem to be practical and necessary in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

1.5Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the Share Purchase Price for general corporate purposes and business development. 

1.6Defined Terms Used in This Agreement. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

2

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by or under common control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms of affiliated, controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

Korean Regulatory Approval means such approval from relevant Korean governmental agencies as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations under Korean law in order for each Purchaser to wire money to the Company in accordance with the terms hereof.

Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

Person means an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Company and the Purchasers, in the form of Exhibit D attached to this Agreement.

Trading Day means a Nasdaq trading day.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the annexes and exhibits attached hereto and thereto.

Article II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Subject to and except as set forth in (i) the SEC Documents (as defined below) and (ii) a disclosure letter separately to be provided to the Purchasers, the Company hereby represents and warrants to each Purchaser as of the date hereof as follows. For purposes of these representations and warranties (other than those in Sections 2.2, 2.3, 2.5 and 2.6), the term the Company shall include any subsidiaries of the Company, unless otherwise noted herein.

2.1Organization, Good Standing and Power. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate power to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted and as described in the reports filed by the Company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), since the end of the Companys 2023 fiscal year through the date hereof, including, without limitation, the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 

3

2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. The Company is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would have or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect upon the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations, financial condition or results of operations of the Company, or the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.2Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform the Transaction Documents and to issue and sell the Shares to be issued by the Company in accordance with the terms hereof. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its board of directors or stockholders is required. When executed and delivered by the Company, this Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. The Board, at a meeting duly called and held, adopted resolutions approving the transactions contemplated hereby, including the issuances of the Shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

2.3Valid Issuance of Securities. The Shares sold and delivered in accordance with the terms and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, as applicable, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free and clear of all liens, claims, charges, security interests or agreements, pledges, assignments, covenants, restrictions or other encumbrances created by, or imposed by, the Company and rights of refusal of any kind imposed by the Company (other than as provided in the Transaction Documents or restrictions on transfer under applicable securities laws) and the holder of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock.

2.4No Conflicts; Governmental Approvals. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) violate any provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws as currently in effect, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Company is a party or by which the Companys properties or assets are bound, or (iii) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected. The Company is not required under federal, state, foreign or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue and sell the Shares to be issued by the Company in accordance with the terms hereof, other than filings that have been made, or will be made, or consents that have been obtained, or will be obtained, pursuant to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, including a Nasdaq Listing of Additional Shares Notification form, applicable state securities laws and post-sale filings pursuant to applicable state and federal securities laws which the Company undertakes to file or obtain within the applicable time periods and the filings required to be made pursuant to this Agreement.

4

2.5Capitalization. The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K or subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q (other than the grant of additional awards under the Companys equity incentive plans or changes in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable for, or convertible or exchangeable into, shares of Common Stock, in each case outstanding as of the date set forth in the Companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K or quarterly report on Form 10-Q). Except as disclosed in the Companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K or subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, the Company does not have any outstanding options to purchase, or any rights or warrants to subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell, any shares of capital stock or other securities (other than the grant of additional awards under the Companys equity incentive plans).

2.6SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company represents and warrants that as of the date hereof, the Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. Since January 1, 2023, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents, including any amendments thereto, required to be filed by it with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (the SEC Documents). At the times of their respective filing (or to the extent amended, at the time of the amendment), all such reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents of the Company, including any amendments thereto, conformed in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, at the times of their respective filings (or to the extent amended, at the time of the amendment), such reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents of the Company, including any amendments thereto, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates (or to the extent amended, at the time of the amendment), the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the Commission or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).

2.7No Liabilities. Except for as disclosed to the Purchaser, the Company has no liabilities or obligations (accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), other than liabilities or obligations (i) reflected on the most recent balance sheet of the Company included in the SEC Documents, (ii) incurred in the ordinary course of business since the date of the most recent balance sheet of the Company included in the SEC Documents, (iii) incurred in connection with this Agreement, (iv) incurred pursuant to contracts binding on the Company (other than those resulting from a breach thereof), or (v) that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

5

2.8Accountants. The Company represents and warrants that Marcum LLP, whose report on the financial statements of the Company is filed with the Commission in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, was, at the time such report was issued, an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act. Except as described in the SEC Documents and as preapproved in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 10A of the Exchange Act, to the Companys knowledge, Marcum LLP has not engaged in any non-audit services prohibited by subsection (g) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act on behalf of the Company.

2.9Internal Controls. The Company has established and maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

2.10Disclosure Controls. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) that are designed to comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to the Company; such disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer by others within those entities; and such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established. The Company has conducted evaluations of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Since the date of the most recent evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in internal controls or in other factors with respect to the Company that could significantly affect the Companys internal controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all provisions currently in effect and applicable to the Company of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or implementing the provisions thereof.

2.11Taxes. The Company has (i) paid all material federal, state, local and foreign taxes required to be paid through the date hereof, except (x) any such taxes being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with applicable accounting requirements or (y) if a failure to pay such taxes would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) filed all material tax returns required to be filed through the date hereof, in each case except for (x) those returns for which a request for extension has been filed or (y) any failure to file that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and there is no tax deficiency that has been asserted against the Company, except where such deficiencies, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.12Insurance. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and its subsidiaries have insurance covering their respective properties, operations, personnel and businesses, which insurance is in amounts and insures against such losses and risks as are, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, ordinary and customary for comparable companies in the same or similar businesses and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such 

6

coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.

2.13Data Privacy. Since January 1, 2023, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and its subsidiaries have operated their business in a manner compliant with (a) all applicable privacy, data security and data protection laws and regulations, (b) all legally binding contractual obligations, and (c) all written, externally distributed Company policies, for each (i)(a) through (c), governing the collection, handling, usage, disclosure and storage of personally identifiable data in the Companys possession or control, as that term (or similar terms) are defined under applicable privacy, data security and data protection laws (Personal Data), (ii) the Company has implemented and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure the integrity, security and confidentiality of Personal Data collected, handled, used, disclosed and/or stored by the Company in connection with the Companys operation of its business, (iii) the Company requires third parties which process Personal Data on its behalf to maintain measures designed to protect the privacy and security of such Personal Data, as applicable, and (iv) since January 1, 2023, the Company has not experienced any actual security incident that has resulted in unauthorized access, acquisition, alteration or modification, loss, theft or other unauthorized processing of any Personal Data.

2.14No Material Adverse Change. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or to the Purchaser, since December 31, 2023, there has not been:

(a)any change in the assets, liabilities, financial condition or operating results of the Company from that reflected in the financial statements included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except for changes in the ordinary course of business which have not had and would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)any declaration or payment by the Company of any dividend, or any authorization or payment by the Company of any distribution, on any of the capital stock of the Company, or any redemption or repurchase by the Company of any securities of the Company;

(c)any material damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, to any assets or properties of the Company;

(d)any waiver, not in the ordinary course of business, by the Company of a material right or of a material debt owed to it;

(e)any satisfaction or discharge of a material lien, claim or encumbrance or payment of any obligation by the Company, except in the ordinary course of business;

(f)except as described in the SEC Documents, any change or amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or termination of or material amendment to any contract of the Company that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K;

(g)any material labor difficulties or labor union organizing activities with respect to employees of the Company;

(h)except as described in the SEC Documents, any material transaction entered into by the Company other than in the ordinary course of business; 

7

(i)the loss of the services of any executive officer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Company; or 

(j)any other event or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.15No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, since December 31, 2023, except for the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, to the Companys knowledge, no event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or its businesses, properties, prospects, operations or financial condition, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.

2.16Litigation. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or otherwise disclosed to each Purchaser, no action, suit, proceeding or investigation is currently pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, has been threatened in writing against the Company that: (i) concerns or questions the validity of this Agreement; (ii) concerns or questions the right or authority of the Company to enter into the Transaction Documents and to perform its obligations thereunder; or (iii) is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is neither a party to nor subject to the provisions of any material order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality.

2.17Compliance. The Company (i) is not in violation of any provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws as currently in effect, (ii) is not in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company under), nor has the Company received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (iii) is not in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body, or (iv) is not or has not been in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws applicable to its business, except in each case (other than with respect to clause (i) above) for such defaults or violations as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.18Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of each Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Article III hereof, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder. The Shares (i) were not offered by any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as such terms are defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (ii) are not being offered in a manner involving a public offering under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act or any state securities laws. No disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(l)(i)-(viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Company Covered Person (as defined below), except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii)-(iv) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act is applicable. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with any disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e) under the Securities Act. Company Covered Person means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes of Rule 506 under the Securities Act, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1) under the Securities Act.

2.19No Integrated Offering. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares or that would be integrated with 

8

the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of Nasdaq such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

Article III

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF PURCHASERS

Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company as follows:

3.1Authorization and Power. Such Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform the Transaction Documents and to purchase the Shares being sold to it hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Purchaser and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further consent or authorization of such Purchaser or its board of directors, stockholders or other governing body is required. When executed and delivered by such Purchaser, this Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

3.2No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by such Purchaser and the consummation by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) violate any provision of such Purchasers chatter or organizational documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which such Purchaser is a party or by which such Purchasers properties or assets are bound, or (iii) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to such Purchaser or by which any property or asset of such Purchaser are bound or affected.

3.3Purchaser Sophistication; Accredited Investor. Such Purchaser (a) is knowledge-able, sophisticated and experienced in making, and is qualified to make decisions with respect to, investments in securities presenting an investment decision like that involved in the purchase of the Shares, including investments in securities issued by the Company and investments in comparable companies, and has requested, received, reviewed and considered all information it deemed relevant in making an informed decision to purchase the Shares; (b) in connection with its decision to purchase the Shares, relied only upon the SEC Documents, other publicly available information, and the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein; (c) is an accredited investor pursuant to Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act; (d) is acquiring the Shares for its own account for investment only and with no present intention of distributing any of the Shares or any arrangement or understanding with any other persons regarding the distribution of the Shares; (e) has not been organized, reorganized or recapitalized specifically for the purpose of investing in the Shares; (f) will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of (or solicit any offers to buy, purchase or otherwise acquire to take a pledge of) any of the Shares except in compliance with the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws; (g) understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and such Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and 

9

understandings of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire the Shares; (h) understands that its investment in the Shares involves a significant degree of risk, including a risk of total loss of such Purchasers investment (provided that such acknowledgment in no way diminishes the representations, warranties and covenants made by the Company hereunder); and (i) understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Shares.

3.4Private Placement. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Shares may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by such Purchaser absent an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including Rule 144 promulgated thereunder.

3.5Ownership of Capital Stock. Except as previously disclosed to the Company in writing or by email and excluding the Shares, such Purchaser and its Affiliates beneficially own no shares of capital stock of the Company as of the date hereof.

3.6Stock Legends. Such Purchaser acknowledges that certificates or book-entry credits evidencing the Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and including related stock transfer instructions and record notations):

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY.

3.7No Legal, Tax or Investment Advice. Such Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to such Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Shares constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Shares.

3.8No General Solicitation; Pre-Existing Relationship. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act). Such Purchaser also represents that such Purchaser was contacted regarding the sale of the Shares by the Company (or a representative of the Company) and the Shares were offered to such Purchaser solely by 

10

direct contact between such Purchaser and the Company (or an authorized representative of the Company). Such Purchaser did not become aware of this offering of Shares, nor were the Shares offered to such Purchaser, by any other means.

3.9Purchase Entirely for Own Account. The Shares to be received by such Purchaser hereunder will be acquired for such Purchasers own account, not as nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and such Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to such Purchasers right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part thereof in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by such Purchaser to hold the Shares for any period of time.

3.10Experience of the Purchasers. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

3.11Disclosure of Information. Such Purchaser has had an opportunity to receive all information related to the Company requested by it and to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares. The Purchaser acknowledges receipt of copies of the SEC Documents (or access thereto via EDGAR).

3.12Interested Stockholder. Such Purchaser is not an Interested Stockholder (as such term is defined in Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware).

3.13Foreign Investor. If such Purchaser is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), the Purchaser hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with the purchase of the Shares or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Shares. The Purchasers payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Purchasers jurisdiction.

3.14No Rule 506 Disqualifying Activities. Neither such Purchaser nor any person or entity with whom such Purchaser will share beneficial ownership of the Shares is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) under the Securities Act.

3.15Disclaimer of Other Representations and Warranties. Except as expressly set forth in Article II (as qualified by the SEC Documents) or in any other Transaction Document, such Purchaser acknowledges that neither the Company nor any other Person has made or is making any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, at law or in equity, including with respect to it or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or operations, or otherwise, and any such other representations and warranties are hereby expressly disclaimed by the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, such Purchaser has received and may continue to receive from the Company certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well 

11

as certain business plans and cost-related plan information, regarding the Company, its subsidiaries and their respective businesses and operations, and such Purchaser is making its own evaluation of the adequacy and accuracy of all such estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as such business plans and cost-related plan information, and such Purchaser has not relied upon and will not have any claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective stockholders, directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, advisors, agents or representatives, or any other Person, with respect thereto.

Article IV

COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1Reasonable Best Efforts to Close. The parties shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the conditions to Closing set forth in Article V to be satisfied and close as soon as practicable.

4.2Lock-Up.

(a)Agreement to Lock-Up. Each Purchaser hereby agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Company during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period) (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock; or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any shares of Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise; provided that this Section 4.2 shall not apply to any transfer of Shares by such Purchaser to its Affiliates; provided that, as a condition of such transfer, such Affiliate agrees in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Section 4.2 to the same extent as such Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Purchaser or their respective Permitted Transferees may transfer shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period (x) to (1) such Purchasers officers or directors, (2) any immediate family members of such Purchasers officers or directors, or (3) any direct or indirect partners, members or equity holders of Purchaser or any related investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by such persons or entities or their respective affiliates, (y) to the Company; or (z) in connection with a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization, tender offer approved by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the Closing Date; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (x)(1) to (x)(3), it shall be a condition to the transfer that the Permitted Transferee execute an agreement stating that the Permitted Transferee is receiving and holding such capital stock subject to this Section 4.2 and there shall be no further transfer of such capital stock except in accordance with this Section 4.2, and provided further that any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value. The term Permitted Transferees means, prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, any person or entity to whom such Purchaser is permitted to transfer such shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period pursuant to this Section 4.2.

(b)Stop Transfer Instructions. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the shares of Common Stock of such Purchaser (and transferees and assignees thereof) until the end of such restricted period.

4.3Further Transfers. Without in any way limiting the provisions of Section 4.2, each Purchaser covenants that the Shares will only be sold, offered for sale, pledged, loaned, or otherwise disposed of pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance 

12

with the requirements of, the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, the Company may require such Purchaser to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by such Purchaser, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration under the Securities Act.

4.4Indemnification.

(a)The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchasers, and their respective directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling person (collectively, the Purchaser Indemnitees), from and against all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs, fees and expenses whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all expenses incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation commenced or threatened) based upon or arising out of the Companys breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained herein; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent and only to the extent that any such loss, liability, claim, damage, cost, fee or expense arises out of or is based upon the inaccuracy of any representations made by such indemnified party in this Agreement, or the failure of such indemnified party to comply with the covenants and agreements contained herein.

(b)Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 4.4 of notice of the commencement of any indemnifiable action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 4.4, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 4.4 except to the extent the indemnified party is actually prejudiced by such omission. In case any such indemnifiable action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein, and to the extent that it may elect by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such indemnifiable action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and either (i) the indemnifying party or parties and the indemnified party or parties mutually agree or (ii) representation of both the indemnifying party or parties and the indemnified party or parties by the same counsel is inappropriate under applicable standards of professional conduct due to actual or potential differing interests between them, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such indemnifiable action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense of such indemnifiable action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 4.4 for any reasonable legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed counsel in connection with the assumption of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses of 

13

more than one separate counsel in such circumstance), (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the indemnifiable action or (iii) the indemnifying party has authorized the employment of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party. No indemnifying party shall (i) without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened indemnifiable action in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such indemnifiable action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent requires only the payment of money damages, does not subject the indemnified party to any continuing obligation or require any admission of criminal or civil responsibility, and includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such indemnifiable action, or (ii) be liable for any settlement of any such indemnifiable action effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), but if settled with its written consent or if there be a final judgment of the plaintiff in any such indemnifiable action, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.

(c)Each Purchaser acknowledges on behalf of itself and each Purchaser Indemnitee that, other than for actions seeking specific performance of the obligations under this Agreement or in the case of fraud, the sole and exclusive remedy of such Purchaser and such Purchaser Indemnitee with respect to any and all claims relating to this Agreement shall be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this Section 4.4.

Article V

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

5.1Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Purchasers. The obligation of the Purchasers to acquire the Shares at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Purchasers, at or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article II shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and, the representations and warranties made by the Company in Article II hereof not qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and the Closing Date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date.

(b)Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied, in all material respects, with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Company on or before the Closing, including, without limitation, the delivery by the Company of the items contemplated by Section 1.4(a).

(c)No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

14

(d)Korean Regulatory Approval. Each Purchaser shall have duly completed the overseas investment reporting obligations under the Korean Foreign Exchange Transactions Act and obtained all regulatory approvals in accordance with Korean laws.

(e)No Nasdaq Objection. Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(f)Listing of Additional Shares. The Company shall have submitted a Listing of Additional Shares Notification with the Nasdaq covering all of the Shares.

(g)Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement, and the Registration Rights Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

5.2Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company. The obligation of the Company to issue the Shares at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Company, at or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained in Article III shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date).

(b)Performance. Each Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the Closing, including, without limitation, the delivery by such Purchaser of the items contemplated by Section 1.4(b).

(c)No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(d)No Nasdaq Objection. Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e)Registration Rights Agreement. Each Purchaser shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement, and the Registration Rights Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

Article VI

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1Survival of Warranties. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchasers contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

6.2Fees and Expenses. Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisors, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses, incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

6.3Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the Exhibits and Schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with 

15

respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules; provided, however, that any confidentiality agreements previously entered into between the Company and the Purchasers shall remain in full force and effect. At or after the Closing, and without further consideration, the Company will execute and deliver to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers will execute and deliver to the Company, such further documents as may be reasonably requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents.

6.4Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address specified in this Section prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day following the date of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The addresses, facsimile numbers and email addresses for such notices and communications are those set forth below, or such other address or facsimile number as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same maimer, by any such Person:

If to the Company: 

Exicure, Inc.

2430 N. Halsted St.

Chicago, IL 60614

Attention: President

Email: ayoo@exicuretx.com

with copies (which copies

shall not constitute notice

to the Company) to: 

Baker & Hostetler LLP

45 Rockefeller Plaza

New York, NY 10111

Attention: Margaret Butler

Email: mibutler@bakerlaw.com

If to the Purchasers: 

To their respective addresses as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.

6.5Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement and any term hereof may be amended, terminated or waived only with the written consent of the Company and the Purchasers. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

6.6Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

6.7Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the 

16

Purchaser; provided, however, that no such consent shall be required in connection with any assignment (i) occurring by operation of law in connection with any merger or consolidation to which the Company is a party, (ii) in connection with the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (iii) any other similar business combination transaction involving the Company. A Purchaser may assign its rights under this Agreement only to a Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers all Shares held by such Purchaser; provided that (x) following such transfer or assignment, the further disposition of the Shares by the transferee or assignee is restricted under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, (y) as a condition of such transfer, such transferee agrees in writing to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a party hereto and (z) such transfer shall have been made in accordance with the applicable requirements of this Agreement and with all laws applicable thereto.

6.8Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

6.9Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Chancery Court (or, if the Delaware Chancery Court shall be unavailable, then any federal court of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware) for the purpose of any suit, action, proceeding or judgment relating to or arising out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Service of process in connection with any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on each party hereto anywhere in the world by the same methods as are specified for the giving of notices under this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding and to the laying of venue in such court. Each party hereto irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably waives any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. If any party hereto shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

6.10Counterparts; Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

6.11Severability. If any provision hereof should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (a) all other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall be liberally construed in order to carry out the intentions of the parties as nearly as may be possible and (b) the parties shall use their best efforts to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision(s) with valid, legal and enforceable provision(s) which, insofar as practical, implement the purposes of such provision(s) in this Agreement.

6.12Adjustments in Share Numbers and Prices. In the event of any stock split, subdivision, dividend or distribution payable in shares of Common Stock (or other securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly shares of Common Stock), combination or other similar recapitalization or event occurring after the date 

17

hereof, each reference in any Transaction Document to a number of shares or a price per share shall be deemed to be amended to appropriately account for such event.

[SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreementto be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

COMPANY:

EXICURE, INC.

By: /s/ Andy Yoo 

Name: Andy Yoo

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Common Stock Purchase Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreementto be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

PURCHASER:

SHIN CHANG PARTNERS

By: /s/ Jun Ho Lee 

Name: Jun Ho Lee

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Common Stock Purchase Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreementto be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

PURCHASER:

RMS0817 CO., LTD.

By: /s/ Minsoo Ryu 

Name: Minsoo Ryu

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Common Stock Purchase Agreement]

Schedule 1

SCHEDULE OF PURCHASERS

Name of Purchaser and 

Address/Contact Information Number of Shares Purchased Share Purchase Price

Shin Chang Partners

Address: 5263ho, 24 Nonhyeon-ro 76-gil, 

Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea 06224

Phone: +82-2-3011-8556

Email: [______________]

Attention: Jun Ho Lee, Director 

145,454 

$800,000

RMS0817 Co., Ltd.

Address: 6508ho, 300 Olympic-ro, 

Songpa-gu, Seoul, Korea 05551

Phone: +82-2-2055-9228

Email: [______________]

Attention: Minsoo Ryu, Director 145,454 

$800,000

Exhibit A

STOCK REGISTRATION QUESTIONNAIRE

Pursuant to Section 1.4 of the Agreement, please provide us with the following information:

The exact name that the Shares are to be registered in (this is the name that will appear on the common stock certificate(s) or Direct Registration System advice(s)): 

The relationship between the Purchaser of the Shares and the Registered Purchaser listed in response to Item 1 above: 

The mailing address, telephone and telecopy number of the Registered Purchaser listed in response to Item 1 above: 

The Tax Identification Number (or, if an individual, the Social Security Number) of the Registered Purchaser listed in response to Item 1 above: 

EQ Account Number of the Registered Purchaser listed in response to Item 1 above (indicate none if such Registered Purchaser does not yet have one): 

Form of delivery of Shares: 

Stock certificate(s): 

Electronic book-entry in the Direct Registration System:

Exhibit B

ACCREDITED INVESTOR QUALIFICATION QUESTIONNAIRE

[See Attached]

Exhibit C

BAD ACTOR QUESTIONNAIRE FORMS

[See Attached]

Exhibit D

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

[See Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102_rra21425.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 14, 2025, by and among Exicure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchasers identified on Schedule 1 hereto or an Affiliate thereof (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and together, the Purchasers), and shall become effective as of the Closing (as defined in the Purchase Agreement, defined below).

RECITALS

A. In connection with the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company and the Purchasers, dated as of same date hereof (the Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and conditions stated in the Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to the Purchasers on the Closing Date shares of Common Stock (the Shares); and

B. To induce the Purchasers to execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act, and applicable state securities laws.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by or under common control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms affiliated, controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

BusinessDay means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the state of New York generally are authorized or required by law or other government actions to close.

ClosingDate means the date of the closing of the acquisition and issuance of the Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

1

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

EffectivenessDeadline means the later of (i) the ninetieth (90th) day following the Filing Date if the Commission notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement and (ii) the tenth (10th) day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review.

EffectivenessPeriod shall have the meaning set forth in Article II.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

FilingDate means the sixtieth (60th) day following the Closing Date; provided, however, that if, as a result of a recent or probable acquisition occurring prior to such date, for which financial information required by Items 3-05 and 11-01 of Regulation S-X would be required in a Registration Statement, such date will be extended for an additional sixty (60) days.

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

IndemnifiedParty shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

IndemnifyingParty shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Person means an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means any prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to any such Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

RegistrableSecurities means the Shares issued to the Purchasers; provided, however, that the applicable Holder has completed and delivered to the Company a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire; and provided further that such securities shall no longer be deemed Registrable 

2

Securities if (i) such securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement or (ii) such securities have been sold in compliance with Rule 144.

RegistrationStatement means the registration statements and any additional registration statements contemplated by Article II, including (in each case) the related Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Rule144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SecuritiesAct means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

SellingStockholderQuestionnaire means a questionnaire in the form attached as Annex B hereto, or such other form of questionnaire as may reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time.

TradingDay means a day on which the Companys common stock is traded on any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

TransactionDocuments means this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, and the annexes and exhibits attached hereto and thereto.

Article II

REGISTRATION

2.1Registration Obligations; Filing Date Registration. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to prepare and file with the Commission on or prior to the Filing Date a Registration Statement covering the resale of the Registrable Securities as would permit the sale and distribution of all the Registrable Securities from time to time pursuant to Rule 415 in the manner reasonably requested by the Holder. The Registration Statement shall be on an appropriate form in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules promulgated thereunder and, if not a Form S-3 initially, the Company shall undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as practicable following the availability of such form. The Registration Statement shall contain the Plan of Distribution section in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement filed by it to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof but in any event on or prior to the Effectiveness Deadline, and, subject to Section 4.1(m) hereof, to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the earlier of (i) such date as all Registrable Securities covered by 

3

such Registration Statement have ceased to be Registrable Securities or (ii) the date that is two (2) years following the Closing Date (the EffectivenessPeriod).

2.2Effect of Failure to File Registration Statement. If (i) a Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered thereby and required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement is not filed with the Commission within 30 days after the Filing Date (a FilingFailure), then, in satisfaction of the damages to any holder of Registrable Securities by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the underlying shares of Common Stock (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to each such holder of Registrable Securities relating to such Registration Statement an amount in cash equal to one half of one percent (0.5%) of the aggregate Share Purchase Price (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) of such Holders Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement on the day of a Filing Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for shorter periods) thereafter until such Filing Failure is cured. The payments to which a Holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 2.2 are referred to herein as RegistrationDelayPayments. Registration Delay Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Registration Delay Payments are incurred and (ii) the tenth (10th) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Registration Delay Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Registration Delay Payments in a timely manner, such Registration Delay Payments shall bear simple interest at the rate of one percent (1.0%) of such unpaid Registration Delay Payment per annum (pro rated for shorter periods) until paid in full. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, in no event shall the aggregate amount of Registration Delay Payments exceed, in the aggregate, four percent (4%) of the aggregate Share Purchase Price of the Shares.

Article III

PIGGYBACK REGISTRATIONS

3.1Right to Piggyback. Until the expiration of the Effectiveness Period, in the event the Registration Statement covering all Registrable Securities is not effective, whenever the Company proposes to register any Shares under the Securities Act (other than on a registration statement on Form S-8, F-8, S-4 or F-4), whether for its own account or for the account of one or more holders of securities, and the form of registration statement to be used may be used for any registration of Registrable Securities (a PiggybackRegistration), the Company shall give written notice to the Holders of its intention to effect such a registration and, subject to Sections 3.2 and 3.3, shall include in such registration statement and in any offering of Shares to be made pursuant to that registration statement all Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company has received a written request for inclusion therein from a Holder within ten (10) days after such Holders receipt of the Companys notice or, in the case of a primary offering, such shorter time as is reasonably specified by the Company in light of the circumstances. The Company shall have no obligation to proceed with any Piggyback Registration and may abandon, terminate and/or withdraw such registration for any reason at any time prior to the pricing thereof. Any Holder may elect to withdraw its request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggyback Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw at least five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or prior to the pricing of the applicable offering. No registration effected under this Article III shall relieve the Company of its obligations to effect any registration of the sale of Registrable Securities under Article II.

3.2Priority on Primary Piggyback Registrations. If a Piggyback Registration is initiated as a primary underwritten offering on behalf of the Company and the managing underwriters advise the Company and the Holders (if any Holders have elected to include Registrable Securities in such Piggyback Registration) that in their good faith opinion the 

4

number of securities proposed to be included in such offering exceeds the number of securities which can be sold in such offering without materially delaying or jeopardizing the success of the offering (including the price per security proposed to be sold in such offering), the Company shall include in such registration and offering (i) first, the number of Shares that the Company proposes to sell, and (ii) second, the number of securities requested to be included therein by holders of securities, including the Holders (if any Holders have elected to include Registrable Securities in such Piggyback Registration), pro rata (as nearly as practicable) among all participating holders on the basis of the number of securities requested to be included therein by all such holders or as such holders and the Company may otherwise agree.

3.3Priority on Secondary Piggyback Registrations. If a Piggyback Registration is initiated as an underwritten registration on behalf of a holder of securities other than a Holder and the managing underwriters advise the Company that in their good faith opinion the number of securities proposed to be included in such registration exceeds the number of securities which can be sold in such offering without materially delaying or jeopardizing the success of the offering (including the price per security proposed to be sold in such offering), then the Company shall include in such registration (i) first, the number of securities requested to be included therein by the holder(s) requesting such registration (including any Initiating Holders), (ii) second, the number of securities requested to be included therein by other holders of securities including any other Holders (if any other Holders have elected to include Registrable Securities in such Piggyback Registration), pro rata (as nearly as practicable) among participating holders on the basis of the number of securities requested to be included therein by such holders or as such holders and the Company may otherwise agree and (iii) third, the number of securities that the Company proposes to sell.

3.4Basis of Participation. The Holders may not sell Registrable Securities in any offering pursuant to a Piggyback Registration unless it (i) agrees to sell such Registrable Securities on the same basis provided in the underwriting or other distribution arrangements approved by the Company and that apply to the Company and/or any other holders involved in such Piggyback Registration and (ii) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements, lockups and other documents required under the terms of such arrangements.

3.5Selection of Underwriters. If any Piggyback Registration is a primary or secondary underwritten offering, subject to the terms and conditions of Article II hereof, the Company shall have the sole right to select the managing underwriter or underwriters to administer any such offering.

Article IV

REGISTRATION PROCEDURES

4.1Registration Procedures. In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a)Prepare and file with the Commission on or prior to the Filing Date, a Registration Statement on an appropriate form in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in accordance with the method or methods of distribution thereof as described on Annex A hereto, and use reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective as provided herein.

(b)Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to the Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective (subject to Section 4.1(m)) as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission 

5

such additional Registration Statements, if necessary, in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities; cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (or any similar provisions then in force) promulgated under the Securities Act; respond promptly to any comments received from the Commission with respect to the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and promptly provide the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to such Registration Statement; and comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in the Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

(c)At the time the Commission declares the Registration Statement effective, each Holder shall be named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related Prospectus in such a manner as to permit such Holder to deliver such Prospectus to purchasers of Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement in accordance with applicable law, subject to the terms and conditions hereof. From and after the date the Registration Statement is declared effective, any Holder not named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness may request that the Company amend or supplement the Registration Statement to include such Holder as a selling stockholder, and the Company shall, as promptly as practicable and in any event upon the later of (x) ten (10) Business Days after such date or (y) ten (10) Business Days after the expiration of any Suspension Period (as defined in Section 4.1(m)) that is either in effect or put into effect within ten (10) Business Days of such date:

(i)if required by applicable law, prepare and file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or prepare and, if required by applicable law, file a supplement to the related Prospectus or a supplement or amendment to any document incorporated therein by reference or file with the Commission any other required document so that the Holder is named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related Prospectus in such a manner as to permit such Holder to deliver such Prospectus to purchasers of such Holders Registrable Securities included in the Shelf Registration Statement in accordance with applicable law and, if the Company shall file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, use its reasonable best efforts to cause such post-effective amendment to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is practicable, but in any event by the date that is sixty (60) days after the date such post-effective amendment is required by this clause to be filed;

(ii)provide such Holder copies of any documents filed pursuant to Section 4.1(c)(i); and

(iii)notify such Holder as promptly as practicable after the effectiveness under the Securities Act of any post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Section 4.1(c)(i);

(d)Promptly notify the Holders of Registrable Securities (i)(A) when a Registration Statement, a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or pre- or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement is filed; (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and if requested by such Holders, furnish to them a copy of such comments and the Companys responses thereto and (C) with respect to the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment filed by the Company, when the same has become effective; (ii) of any request by the Commission or any 

6

other Federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information of the Company; (iii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose; (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities of the Company for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose; and (v) of the occurrence of any event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of such Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(e)Use reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, and, if issued, to obtain the withdrawal of, (i) any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any U.S. jurisdiction.

(f)If requested by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities, (i) promptly incorporate in a Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement such information as such Holders reasonably request to be included therein with respect to themselves unless the inclusion of such information would reasonably be expected to expose the Company to liability under federal and state securities laws and regulations and (ii) make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment as soon as practicable after the Company has received notification of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment.

(g)Furnish to each Holder, without charge and upon request, at least one conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, and, to the extent requested by such Person, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and all exhibits (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided, that the Company shall have no obligation to provide any document pursuant to this clause that is available on the Commissions EDGAR system.

(h)Promptly deliver to each Holder, without charge, as many copies of the Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto as such Persons may reasonably request; and the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto to the extent permitted by federal and state securities laws and regulations.

(i)Cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities of the Company to be sold pursuant to a Registration Statement.

(j)Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 4.1(d)(v), subject to Section 4.1(m), as promptly as practicable prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by 

7

reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither the Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(k)Use reasonable best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities relating to the Registration Statement to be listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or any subsequent securities exchange, quotation system or market, if any, on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed or traded.

(l)The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company information regarding such Holder and the distribution of such Registrable Securities as is required by law to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, and the Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of any such Holder who fails to furnish such information within fifteen (15) days after receiving such request.

(m)The Company shall be entitled to delay the filing or effectiveness of, or suspend the use of, the Registration Statement if it determines that in order for the Registration Statement to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act and not to contain a material misstatement or omission, (i) an amendment thereto would be needed to include information that would at that time not otherwise be required in a current, quarterly, or annual report under the Exchange Act, (ii) the negotiation or consummation of a transaction by the Company or its subsidiaries is pending or an event has occurred, which negotiation, consummation or event that the Board reasonably believes would require additional disclosure by the Company in the Registration Statement of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for keeping confidential and the non-disclosure of which in the Registration Statement would be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Board to cause the Registration Statement to fail to comply with applicable disclosure requirements, or (iii) an amendment thereto so as to convert the Registration Statement to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 at such time after the Company becomes eligible to use such Form S-3 (each such circumstance, a SuspensionEvent); provided, however, that the Company may not delay or suspend the Registration Statement on more than two occasions or for more than sixty (60) consecutive days, or more than ninety (90) total days, in each case during any twelve-month period; provided however that no such postponement or suspension by the Company shall be permitted for more than one sixty (60) day period, arising out of the same set of facts, circumstances or transactions. Any period during which the Company has delayed a filing, an effective date or an offering pursuant to this Article IV is herein called a SuspensionPeriod. The Company shall provide prompt written notice to participating Holders of the commencement and termination of any Suspension Period (and any withdrawal of a registration statement pursuant to this Section 4.1(m)), but shall not be obligated under this Agreement to disclose the reasons therefor. Holders shall keep the existence of each Suspension Period confidential and refrain from making offers and sales of Registrable Securities (and direct any other Persons making such offers and sales to refrain from doing so) during each Suspension Period under the applicable Registration Statement.

(n)The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to register or qualify, or cooperate with the Holders of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement in connection with the registration or qualification of, the resale of the Registrable Securities under applicable securities or blue sky laws of such states of the United States as any such Holder requests in writing and to do any and all other acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the offer and sale in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified or (ii) take any action that would 

8

subject it to general service of process or to taxation in any jurisdiction to which it is not then so subject.

(o)The Company will comply with all rules and regulations of the Commission to the extent and so long as they are applicable to the registration and will make generally available to its security holders (or otherwise provide in accordance with Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) an earnings statement (which need not be audited) satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder, no later than 45 days after the end of a 12-month period (or 90 days, if such period is a fiscal year) beginning with the Companys first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of the Registration Statement.

(p)In the case of an underwritten offering in which the Holders participate, the Company will enter into an underwriting agreement, containing customary provisions (including provisions for indemnification, lockups, opinions of counsel and comfort letters), and take all such other customary and reasonable actions as the managing underwriters of such offering may request in order to facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities (including, making appropriate personnel of the Company available at reasonable times and places to assist in customary road-shows that the managing underwriters determine are necessary or advisable to effect the offering).

(q)In the case of an underwritten offering in which the Holders participate, and to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company will (A) make reasonably available, for inspection by the managing underwriters of such offering and one attorney and accountant acting for such managing underwriters, pertinent corporate documents and financial and other records of the Company and its subsidiaries and controlled Affiliates (but excluding any documents incorporated by reference in such Registration Statement, amendments or supplements that are available on the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (or any successor system)), (B) cause the Companys officers and employees to supply information reasonably requested by such managing underwriters or attorney in connection with such offering, (C) make the Companys independent accountants available for any such underwriters due diligence and have them provide customary comfort letters to such underwriters in connection therewith; and (D) cause the Companys counsel to furnish customary legal opinions to such underwriters in connection therewith; provided, however, that such records and other information shall be subject to such confidential treatment as is customary for underwriters due diligence reviews.

4.2Holder Obligations.

(a)At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company shall notify each Holder in writing of the information the Company requires from each such Holder if such Holder elects to have any of such Holders Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a particular Holder that (i) such Holder furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities, and (ii) the Holder execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

(b)Each Holder covenants and agrees by its acquisition of such Registrable Securities that (i) it will not sell any Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until it has received copies of the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented as contemplated in Section 4.1(h) and notice from the Company that such Registration Statement and any post-

9

effective amendments thereto have become effective as contemplated by Section 4.1(d) and (ii) it and its officers, directors or Affiliates, if any, will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to them in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

(c)Upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 4.1(d)(ii), 4.1(d)(iii), 4.1(d)(iv), 4.1(d)(v) or 4.1(m), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented Prospectus and/or amended Registration Statement contemplated by Section 4.1(j), or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, in either case, has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement.

(d)Such Holder is bound by the Lock Up provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement and notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, such Holder will not sell, transfer, pledge, lend, offer or otherwise dispose of any Registrable Securities except in compliance with Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement.

Article V

REGISTRATION EXPENSES

5.1Registration Expenses. All reasonable fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company (excluding underwriters discounts and commissions and all fees and expenses of legal counsel, accountants and other advisors for the Purchasers except as specifically provided below), except as and to the extent specified in this Section 5.1, shall be borne by the Company whether or not a Registration Statement is filed by the Company or becomes effective and whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and each other securities exchange or market on which Registrable Securities are required hereunder to be listed, (B) with respect to filings required to be made by the Company with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and (C) in compliance with state securities or Blue Sky laws by the Company or with respect to Registrable Securities, (ii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (iv) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (v) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys independent public accountants). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit, the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any underwriting, broker or similar fees or commissions of the Purchasers or, except to the extent provided for above or in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Purchasers.

Article VI

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, its permitted 

10

assignees, officers, directors, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of the Companys common stock), underwriters, investment advisors and employees, each Person who controls any such Holder or permitted assignee (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, agents and employees of each such controlling Person, and the respective successors, assigns, estate and personal representatives of each of the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, penalties, judgments, costs (including, without limitation, costs of investigation) and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) (collectively, Losses), arising out of or relating to any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Prospectus, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions or alleged untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in such Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein (it being understood that each Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose); or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 4.1(d)(ii)-4.1(d)(v), the use by a Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus, but only if and to the extent that following such receipt the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6.1 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Losses if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall notify such Holder promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding of which the Company is aware in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party (as defined in Section 6.3(a) hereof) and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Holder.

6.2Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder and its permitted assignees shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, and the respective successors, assigns, estate and personal representatives of each of the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission is contained in or omitted from any information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in therein, and that such information was reasonably relied upon by the Company for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein (it being understood that each Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose); provided however, that in no event shall a Holders liability 

11

pursuant to this Section 6.2, exceed the proceeds from the offering received by such Holder, except in the case of willful misconduct or fraud by such Holder.

6.3Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings.

(a)If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an IndemnifiedParty), such Indemnified Party promptly shall notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the IndemnifyingParty) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof; provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have proximately and materially adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

(b)An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; or (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel (which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Indemnifying Party) that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, the Indemnifying Party shall be responsible for reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one counsel (together with appropriate local counsel) for the Indemnified Parties). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is or could have been a party, unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Party.

(c)All reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within twenty (20) Business Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party (regardless of whether it is ultimately determined that an Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder; provided, that the Indemnifying Party may require such Indemnified Party to undertake to reimburse all such fees and expenses to the extent it is finally judicially determined that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder).

6.4Contribution.

(a)If a claim for indemnification under Section 6.1 or 6.2 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party because of a failure or refusal of a governmental authority to enforce such indemnification in accordance with its terms (by reason of public policy or otherwise), then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the 

12

amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.3, any reasonable attorneys or other reasonable fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

(b)The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(c)The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Article VI are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

Article VII

RULE 144

7.1Rule 144. As long as any Holder owns any Registrable Securities, the Company covenants to use its commercially reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company further covenants that it will take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Person to sell the Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, including providing any legal opinions relating to such sale pursuant to Rule 144. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

Article VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

8.1Effectiveness. The Companys obligations hereunder shall be conditioned upon the occurrence of the Closing under the Purchase Agreement, and this Agreement shall not be effective until such Closing. If the Purchase Agreement shall be terminated prior to the Closing, then this Agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect (and no party hereto shall have any rights or obligations with respect to this Agreement).

8.2Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder, of any of their obligations under this Agreement, each non-breaching Holder and Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Company and each Holder agree that monetary damages would not provide 

13

adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

8.3Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contain the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered hereby and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Holder make any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters, and they supersede all prior understandings and agreements with respect to said subject matter, all of which are merged herein. This Agreement and any term hereof may be amended, terminated or waived only with the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority of all outstanding Registrable Securities then held by all Holders. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 8.3 shall be binding upon each Holder (and their permitted assigns).

8.4No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company will not on or after the date of this Agreement enter into any agreement with respect to its securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. The rights granted to the Holders hereunder do not in any way conflict with and are not inconsistent with the rights granted to the holders of the Companys securities under any agreement in effect on the date hereof.

8.5Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address specified in this Section prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day following the date of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The addresses, facsimile numbers and email addresses for such notices and communications are those set forth below, or such other address or facsimile number as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by any such Person:

If to the Company: 

Exicure, Inc.

2430 N. Halsted St.

Chicago, IL 60614

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Email: ayoo@exicuretx.com

with copies (which copies

shall not constitute notice

to the Company) to: 

Baker & Hostetler LLP

45 Rockefeller Plaza

New York, NY 10111

Attention: Margaret Butler

Email: mibutler@bakerlaw.com

If to the Purchasers: 

To their respective addresses as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.

14

8.6Waivers. No waiver by either party of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right accruing to it thereafter.

8.7Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder and its successors and assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holders of at least a majority of all Registrable Securities then outstanding.

8.8Assignment of Registration Rights. The rights of each Holder hereunder, including the right to have the Company register for resale Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall be assignable by each Holder of all or a portion of the Registrable Securities if: (i) the Holder agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign such rights, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment, (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment, furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or assignee, and (b) the Registrable Securities with respect to which such registration rights are being transferred or assigned to such transferee or assignee, (iii) following such transfer or assignment the further disposition of such securities by the transferee or assignees is restricted under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, (iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this Section, the transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement, and (v) such transfer shall have been made in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Purchase Agreement. The rights to assignment shall apply to the Holders (and to subsequent) successors and assigns.

8.9Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

8.10Termination. This Agreement shall terminate at the end of the Effectiveness Period, except that Article IV and V and this Article VII shall remain in effect in accordance with their terms.

8.11Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Chancery Court (or, if the Delaware Chancery Court shall be unavailable, then any federal court of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware) for the purpose of any suit, action, proceeding or judgment relating to or arising out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Service of process in connection with any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on each party hereto anywhere in the world by the same methods as are specified for the giving of notices under this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding and to the laying of venue in such court. Each party hereto irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably waives any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. If any party hereto shall commence an action or 

15

proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

8.12Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

8.13Severability. If any provision hereof should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (a) all other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall be liberally construed in order to carry out the intentions of the parties as nearly as may be possible and (b) the parties shall use their best efforts to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision(s) with valid, legal and enforceable provision(s) which, insofar as practical, implement the purposes of such provision(s) in this Agreement.

8.14Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

[SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

EXICURE, INC.

By: /s/ Andy Yoo 

Name: Andy Yoo

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written.

PURCHASER:

SHIN CHANG PARTNERS

By: /s/ Jun Ho Lee 

Name: Jun Ho Lee

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written.

PURCHASER:

RMS0817 CO., LTD.

By: /s/ Minsoo Ryu 

Name: Minsoo Ryu

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

Schedule 1

SCHEDULE OF PURCHASERS

Name of Purchaser and 

Address/Contact Information Number of Shares Purchased Share Purchase Price

Shin Chang Partners

Address: 5263ho, 24 Nonhyeon-ro 76-gil, 

Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea 06224

Phone: +82-2-3011-8556

Email: [______________]

Attention: Jun Ho Lee, Director 

145,454 

$800,000

RMS0817 Co., Ltd.

Address: 6508ho, 300 Olympic-ro, 

Songpa-gu, Seoul, Korea 05551

Phone: +82-2-2055-9228

Email: [______________]

Attention: Minsoo Ryu, Director 145,454 

$800,000

Annex A

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

The selling stockholders, which as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock previously issued or interests in shares of common stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock or interests in shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. The selling stockholders may sell their shares of our common stock pursuant to this prospectus at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices.

The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

short sales;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share;

a combination of any such methods of sale; and

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending the list of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

4936-2051-1500.1

In connection with the sale of our common stock or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this offering.

The selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the common stock or interests therein may be underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

To the extent required, the shares of our common stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus.

In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the common stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with.

We have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act.

We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares offered by this prospectus.

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to keep the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part effective until such time as the shares offered by the selling stockholders have been effectively registered under the Securities Act and disposed of in accordance with such registration statement, the shares offered by the selling stockholders have been disposed of pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or the shares offered by the selling stockholders may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction or limitation (including without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1)) or another similar exemption under the Securities Act.

Annex B

SELLING STOCKHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE

EXICURE, INC.

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial owner of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of Exicure, Inc. (the Company), (the Registrable Securities) understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February [14], 2025 (the Registration Rights Agreement), among the Company and the Purchasers named therein. The purpose of this Questionnaire is to facilitate the filing of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act that will permit you to resell the Registrable Securities in the future. The information supplied by you will be used in preparing the Registration Statement. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related Prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related Prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise specified under such Item 3) in the Registration Statement.

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

__________________________________________________________________

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities Listed in Item 3 below are held:

__________________________________________________________________

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by the questionnaire):

__________________________________________________________________

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

Telephone:

Fax:

Contact Person:

E-mail address of Contact Person:

3. Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities:

(a) Type and Number of Registrable Securities beneficially owned:

__________________________________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________

4. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No

Note: If yes, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(b) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No

Note: If yes, provide a narrative explanation below:

__________________________________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________

(c) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you bought the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No

Note: If no, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

5. Beneficial Ownership of Other Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except as set forth below in this Item 5, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the Registrable Securities listed above in Item 3.

(a) As of ___________, 202___, the Selling Stockholder owned outright (including shares registered in Selling Stockholders name individually or jointly with others, shares held in the name of a bank, broker, nominee, depository or in street name for its account), _________ shares of the Companys capital stock (excluding the Registrable Securities). If zero, please so state.

(b) In addition to the number of shares Selling Stockholder owned outright as indicated in Item 5(a) above, as of ________________, 202___, the Selling Stockholder had or shared voting power or investment power, directly or indirectly, through a contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, with respect to shares of the Companys capital stock (excluding the Registrable Securities). If zero, please so state.

If the answer to Item 5(b) is not zero, please complete the following tables:

Sole Voting Power:

Number of

Shares 

Nature of Relationship Resulting in Sole

Voting Power

Shared Voting Power:

Number of

Shares With Whom Shared 

Nature of

Relationship

Sole Investment power:

Number of

Shares 

Nature of Relationship Resulting in Sole

Investment Power

Shared Investment power:

Number of

Shares With Whom Shared 

Nature of

Relationship

(c) As of _____________, 202___, the Selling Stockholder had the right to acquire the following shares of the Companys common stock pursuant to the exercise of outstanding stock options, warrants or other rights (excluding the Registrable Securities). Please describe the number, type and terms of the securities, the method of ownership, and whether the undersigned holds sole or shared voting and investment power. If none, please so state.

__________________________________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________

6. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________

7. Plan of Distribution:

The undersigned has reviewed the form of Plan of Distribution attached as Annex A to the Registration Rights Agreement, and hereby confirms that, except as set forth below, the information contained therein regarding the undersigned and its plan of distribution is correct and complete.

State any exceptions here:

________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________

***********

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof and prior to the effective date of any applicable Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 7 and the inclusion of such information in each Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and each related Prospectus. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of any such Registration Statement and the related Prospectus.

By signing below, the undersigned acknowledges that it understands its obligation to comply, and agrees that it will comply, with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, particularly Regulation M. The undersigned also acknowledges that it understands that the answers to this Questionnaire are furnished for use in connection with Registration Statements filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and any amendments or supplements thereto filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and is advised of the following Interpretation A.65 of the July 1997 SEC Manual of Publicly Available Telephone Interpretations regarding short selling:

A Company filed a Form S-3 registration statement for a secondary offering of common stock which is not yet effective. One of the selling shareholders wanted to do a short sale of common stock against the box and cover the short sale with registered shares after the effective date. The Company was advised that the short sale could not be made before the registration statement become effective, because the shares underlying the short sale are deemed 

to be sold at the time such sale is made. There would, therefore, be a violation of Section 5 if the shares were effectively sold prior to the effective date.

By returning this Questionnaire, the undersigned will be deemed to be aware of the foregoing interpretation.

I confirm that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the foregoing statements (including without limitation the answers to this Questionnaire) are correct.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Dated: 

Beneficial Owner:

By:

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>xcur-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>xcur-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>xcur-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Aug. 13, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name EXICURE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001698530

Amendment Flag false

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39011

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-5333008

Entity Address, Address Line One 2430 N. Halsted St.

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60614

City Area Code 847

Local Phone Number 673-1700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol XCUR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.exicuretx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

xcur-20250214.htm 
xcur-20250214.xsd 
xcur-20250214_lab.xml 
xcur-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001698530-25-000009-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>xcur-20250214_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001698530 

2024-08-13 
2024-08-13 

0001698530 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
EXICURE, INC. 
DE 
001-39011 
81-5333008 
2430 N. Halsted St. 
Chicago 
IL 
60614 
847 
673-1700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
XCUR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>