<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001163370-25-000002.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001163370-25-000002.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102091750
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001163370-25-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250101
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHRIM BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001163370
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				920175752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33501
		FILM NUMBER:		25500432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 241489
		CITY:			ANCHORAGE
		STATE:			AK
		ZIP:			99524-1489
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nrim-20250101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?nrim-20250101

0001163370false00011633702025-01-012025-01-01

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 2, 2025 ( January 1, 2025 )

Northrim BanCorp, Inc.

__________________________________________

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Alaska 0-33501 92-0175752

________________________

(State or other jurisdiction _____________

(Commission _________________

(I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

3111 C Street, Anchorage, Alaska 99503

___________________________________

(Address of principal executive offices) ___________

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 907- 562-0062

Not Applicable

___________________________________________________

Former name or former address, if changed since last report

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

TITLE OF EACH CLASS TRADING SYMBOL NAME OF EXCHANGE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.126-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(e) Effective January 1, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Northrim Bank (the Bank) (collectively, the Employer) deemed it appropriate that the Employer and each of the following named executive officers of the Company, Michael G. Huston, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank; Jed W. Ballard, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank; Joseph M. Schierhorn, Chairman of the Company and the Bank; and Amber Zins, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank, enter into a new employment agreement under which the provisions and terms remain, essentially, the same as their respective employment agreements that were in effect at December 31, 2024, except for certain changes to the employment agreement with Mr. Ballard and Ms. Zins discussed below.

Mr. Ballards new employment agreement provides for an increase in base salary to $376,375.

Ms. Zins new employment agreement provides for an increase in base salary to $329,935.

In addition, on January 1, 2025, the Employer entered into an employment with Mark Edwards, Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer and Bank Economist of the Bank. The employment agreement with Mr. Edwards has an initial term ending on December 31, 2025, which term will be automatically extended for additional one-year terms unless at least 90 days prior to any January 1, either party gives notice of its intent not to extend such term or the employment agreement is terminated in accordance with its termination provisions. Mr. Edwards is a named executive officer of the Company.

Under the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Edwards will receive an annual base salary of $289,682 as adjusted from time to time, and an annual contribution of 5% of his base salary to the Employers supplemental executive retirement plan. Mr. Edwards is also eligible to participate in Companys profit sharing plan, the Companys stock incentive plan and the Employers deferred compensation plan. The Employer will also provide Mr. Edwards with reasonable health insurance, disability and other employment benefits and Mr. Edwards is eligible to participate in all of the Employers employee benefit programs. The Employer will also reimburse Mr. Edwards for reasonable expenses incurred in performing and promoting the Employers business.

In the event of a "Change of Control", termination without "Cause" or termination by Mr. Edwards for "Good Reason" (as such terms are defined in the employment agreement) within 730 days of such Change in Control, Mr. Edwards shall be paid (i) all base salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred through such termination date, (ii) an amount equal to one times the highest base salary earned by Mr. Edwards over the prior three years, and (iii) an amount equal to one times the average profit share paid to Mr. Edwards over the prior three years. Additionally, the Employer will continue to provide Mr. Edwards, at its expense, health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following termination of the employment agreement. If any Change in Control payments to which Mr. Edwards is entitled pursuant to the employment agreement would otherwise constitute a parachute payment under Internal Revenue Code Section 280G, then pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement, such payments will be subject to reduction in an amount so that the present value of the total amount received by Mr. Edwards will be 2.99 times his base amount (as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 280G).

Mr. Edwards is also subject to certain confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disparagement provisions pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement.

Copies of the employment agreements in their entirety for Messrs. Huston, Ballard, Schierhorn, and Edwards, and Ms. Zins are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, and 10.5 respectively.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial statements not applicable

(b) Proforma financial information not applicable

(c) Shell company transactions not applicable

(d) Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment agreement with Michael G. Huston dated January 1, 2025

10.2 Employment agreement with Jed W. Ballard dated January 1, 2025

10.3 Employment agreement with Joseph M. Schierhorn dated January 1, 2025

10.4 Employment agreement with Mark Edwards dated January 1, 2025

10.5 Employment agreement with Amber Zins dated January 1, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Northrim BanCorp, Inc.

January 2, 2025 By: /s/ Michael G. Huston

Name: Michael G. Huston

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit Index

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Employment agreement with Michael G. Huston dated January 1, 2025

10.2 

Employment agreement with Jed W. Ballard dated January 1, 2025

10.3 

Employment agreement with Joseph M. Schierhorn dated January 1, 2025

10.4 

Employment agreement with Mark Edwards dated January 1, 2025

10.5 

Employment agreement with Amber Zins dated January 1, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a101huston2025employmentco.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into effective the 1st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Northrim Bank, a state-chartered commercial bank, with its principal office in Anchorage, Alaska (collectively, the Employer) and Michael G. Huston (the Executive).

In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1.Employment.

Employer employs Executive and Executive accepts employment with Employer as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Operating Officer of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and President and Chief Executive Officer of Northrim Bank.

2.Term.

The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5, shall continue through December 31, 2025; provided, however, that on January 1, 2026, and each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later than ninety days prior to any such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other that it does not wish to extend the Term. In the event the Term is not extended, Executive shall have no rights to any of the severance payments or benefits continuation described in Section 5 except as specifically provided for in Section 5.a. 

3.Duties.

The Executive will serve as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Operating Officer of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and President and Chief Executive Officer of Northrim Bank. Executive shall render such executive, management and administrative services and perform such tasks in connection with the affairs and overall operation of the Employer as is customary for the Executives position, subject to the direction of Employers Chairman and Board of Directors. Executive shall devote necessary time, attention and effort to Employers business in order to properly discharge the Executives responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Compensation, Benefits, Reimbursement and Profit Sharing.

a.Base Salary.

In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of $535,000 as adjusted from time to time (Base Salary). The Board of Directors of the Employer shall review Executives salary each year, in a manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate with the Executives performance under this Agreement.

Page 1 of 13

b.Profit Sharing Plan. 

Under the Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Plan), Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual profit share based on performance as defined by the Board of Directors. Executive will be classified in the President/CEO tier under the Plans Responsibility Factors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). 

c.Stock Incentive Plan. 

Executive shall be eligible for awards under the Employers Stock Incentive Plan. The type, timing and size of awards will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i).

d.Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), and Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive an annual contribution equal to twenty percent (20%) of annual Base Salary in accordance with the Employers SERP, as may be adjusted at the discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time. The Executive may also participate in the Employers Deferred Compensation Plan.

e.Other Benefits. 

Throughout the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to participate in health insurance, disability and other employee benefit plans and programs of Employer, as in effect from time to time, on a basis at least as favorable as that accorded to any other officer of Employer and to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans and programs.

f.Expenses. 

Employer shall reimburse Executive for the Executives reasonable expenses (including, without limitation: travel, entertainment, and similar expenses) incurred in performing and promoting the business of the Employer, subject to any limits of company policy and the rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (referred to throughout this Agreement as IRC or the Code). Executive shall present from time to time, itemized accounts and receipts of any such expenses as required by Employer and the Code.

Page 2 of 14

5.Termination of Agreement.

a.Termination Due to a Change of Control. 

If (A) Employer (either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank) is subjected to a Change of Control (as defined in Section 5.f.(i)), and (B) either Employer or its assigns terminates Executives employment without Cause (as defined in Section 5.f.(ii)) (either during the annual term of this Agreement or by refusing to extend this Agreement when the annual termination occurs every December 31) or Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason (as defined in Section 5.f.(iii)) within seven hundred and thirty days of such Change of Control, then Employer shall pay Executive: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; (ii) an amount equal to two times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years, and (iii) an amount equal to two times Executives average Profit Share paid in any of one of the prior three years. The amounts described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the date on which employment is terminated, or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amounts described in clauses (ii), and (iii) herein shall be paid no later than forty-five calendar days after the day on which employment is terminated. No payment will be made pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) unless the Executive has signed an agreement, in a form acceptable to Employer, that releases and holds Employer harmless from all known and unknown claims and liabilities arising out of Executives employment with Employer or the performance of this Agreement (Release Agreement) and the Release Agreement has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of two years following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Code (commonly referred to as COBRA); provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of the Executives termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the two years following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.a.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in the first paragraph of Section 5.a. are paid to Executive.

Page 3 of 14

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed the Executives responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

b.Termination by Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment without Cause, or if Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive in a lump sum: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; and (ii) an amount equal to one times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years. The amount described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clause (ii) shall be paid on the first day of the month following a period of six months after the termination of employment, provided that the payment may be made sooner if either (A) the amount does not exceed the amount described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) (the IRC Safe Harbor) or (B) at the Executives election, the amount described in clause (ii), is reduced to fit within the IRC Safe Harbor. No payment will be made pursuant to clause (ii) unless the Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date. 

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA ; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.b.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in clause (i) of the first paragraph of Section 5.b are paid to Executive.

Page 4 of 14

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed their responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

c.Termination by Employer for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause or if Executive terminates their employment without Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive upon the effective date of such termination only such Base Salary earned and expenses reimbursable under this Agreement incurred through such termination date. In such case, Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination under this Agreement. 

If any disputed termination under Section 5.c. is subsequently determined to have been without Cause by Employer or with Good Reason by Executive, Executive's recovery shall be limited to those payments and benefits set out under Section 5.b.

d.Termination Due to Total Disability. 

If Executive shall have been unable to perform his duties due to a Total Disability (as defined in Section 5.f.(iv)), then Employer may at any time after the end of the applicable period of nonperformance terminate Executives employment, effective immediately, consistent with Employers obligation to provide a leave of absence and/or reasonably accommodate Executive under applicable laws, and Executive shall be entitled to: (A) all Base Salary earned and reimbursement for expenses incurred under this Agreement through the termination date; (B) full Base Salary for the one year following the termination date (less the amount of any payments received by Executive during such one year period under any Employersponsored disability plan); and (C) health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination date, which benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of their termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer 

Page 5 of 14

pursuant to this Section 5.d), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any other amounts described in this Section 5.d are paid to Executive. The amount described in clause (A) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clauses (B) and (C) shall be paid Executive in one lump sum the first day of the month following a period of six months after Executives employment was terminated, provided that Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

e.Termination Upon Death of Executive. 

Executives employment under this Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of Executive. In such case, the Employer shall be obligated to pay to the surviving spouse of Executive, or if there is none, to the Executives estate: (A) that portion of Executives Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive for the month in which their death occurred, and (B) any amounts due the Executive pursuant to the Northrim Bank Savings Incentive Plan (401-K) and the Plan, any supplemental deferred compensation plan, and any other death, insurance, employee benefit plan or stock benefit plan provided to Executive by the Employer, according to the terms of the respective plans.

f.Termination Definitions.

(i)Change of Control. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (A) one person or entity acquiring or otherwise becoming the owner of thirty percent (30%) or more of Employers outstanding common stock; (B) replacement of a majority of the incumbent directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank by directors whose elections have not been supported by a majority of the Board of Directors of either company, as appropriate; (C) dissolution or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more in value of the assets, of either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank; or (D) a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; provided, however, that to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any tax penalty under Code Section 409A(a), a Change of Control shall be limited to a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

(ii)Cause. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination because Executive: (A) continually fails to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, (B) is adjudged guilty of a felony, any crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust or any crime involving a breach of his or her fiduciary duties to the Employer; (C) is willfully and continually failing to comply with any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease and desist order of a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Employer; (D) commits a material act of dishonesty or disloyalty related to the business of the 

Page 6 of 14

Employer, or (E) is unable to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to drug addiction or chronic alcoholism. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive, a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than threequarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Employers Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board called for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with their counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive was guilty of conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above) and specifying the conduct in detail.

(iii)Good Reason. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by Executive as a result of any material breach of this Agreement by Employer. Good Reason shall include, but not be limited to: (A) a material reduction in Executives compensation defined as a reduction equal to or greater than five percent (5%) of Executives then annual base salary; (B) a material reduction in Executives duties and responsibilities, but not merely a change in title; or (C) relocation of Executives primary workplace by more than fifty miles. Good Reason will only be deemed to occur if, within ninety days after a material reduction or change described above first occurs, the Executive provides notice to the Employer of the existence of Good Reason and of the Executives intended termination of employment due to Good Reason, and the Employer does not remove the Good Reason condition within ninety days after receiving such notice from the Executive. The Executives written notice must explain the basis on which the Executive believes Good Reason exists, the cure period, and the date on which the Executive intends to terminate employment, which must be no later than six months after the existence of the Good Reason. The provisions of Section 5.f.(iii) are intended to comply with the Good Reason safe harbor provisions of Code Section 409A and applicable regulations.

(iv)Total Disability.

For purposes of this Agreement, Total Disability shall mean a medically diagnosed physical or mental illness, existing for a period of six consecutive months, or for a total of six months within any twelve month period, and that renders Executive incapable of performing their essential job functions under this Agreement, even after the Executive has been accorded reasonable accommodation. Employers Board of Directors, acting in good faith, in accordance with applicable law, shall make the final determination of whether Executive is suffering under any Total Disability (as herein defined) and, for purposes of making such determination, may require Executive to submit themselves to a physical examination by a physician mutually agreed upon by the Executive and Employers Board of Directors at Employers expense.

(v)Termination from Employment.

A termination from employment under this Agreement shall mean a Separation from Service as interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and generally meaning the date on 

Page 7 of 14

which the Executive is no longer performing services for the Employer. The Executive shall not have a Separation from Service while on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or contract. A leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Executive will return to perform services. 

6.Limit on Severance Payment for Change of Control.

Notwithstanding anything above in Section 5.a., if the severance payment provided for in that Section, together with any other payments which the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), the severance payment shall be reduced. The reduction shall be in an amount so that the present value of the total amount received by the Executive from the Employer or its affiliates and subsidiaries will be two point nine-nine (2.99) times the Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the amounts received by the Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (excise tax). Insofar as permitted by the Code, Employer shall reduce those elements of the severance pay package specified by the Executive, provided, however, that Employer will not reduce the SERP credits provided for in Section 5.a.(ii). The determination as to whether any reduction in the severance payment is necessary shall be made by the Employer in good faith, and the determination shall be conclusive and binding on Executive. If through error or otherwise Executive should receive payments under this Agreement, together with other payments the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, in excess of two point nine-nine (2.99) times their base amount, Executive shall immediately repay the excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

7.Covenant Not To Compete.

a. As a material term of this Agreement and to protect the goodwill, proprietary and strategic information, and the business of Employer, and Employer's investment in the training and education of Executive about its business and related strategies, and in consideration for the special trust and position of confidence places in the Executive as its President and Chief Executive Officer regarding Employer's most competition-sensitive data, Executive agrees that for the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5.a. or 5.b., Executive will not directly or indirectly be employed by, own, manage, operate, support, join, or benefit in any way from any business activity within the State of Alaska that competes with Employers business (offers services or products of the same or similar nature of those offered by Employer) or reasonably anticipated business of which Executive has knowledge. For purposes of the foregoing, Executive will be deemed to be connected with such business if the business is carried on by: (A) a partnership in which Executive is a general or limited partner; or (B) a corporation of which Executive is a shareholder (other than a shareholder owning less than five percent (5%) of the total outstanding shares of the corporation), officer, director, employee or consultant, whether paid or unpaid. In 

Page 8 of 14

the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 7, the one year non-compete period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one full year of non-competition by Executive.

b. The parties agree that if a trial judge or arbitrator with jurisdiction over a dispute related to this Agreement should determine that the restrictive covenant set forth above is unreasonably broad, the parties authorize such trial judge or arbitrator to narrow the covenant so as to make it reasonable, given all relevant circumstances, and to enforce such covenant. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

8.Nondisclosure of Confidential Information.

a. During the term of Executives employment and thereafter, Executive agrees to hold Employers Confidential Information (as defined in Section 8.b.) in strict confidence, and not disclose or use it at any time except as authorized by Employer and for Employers benefit. If anyone tries to compel Executive to disclose any Confidential Information, by subpoena or otherwise, Executive agrees immediately to notify Employer so that Employer may take any actions it deems necessary to protect its interests. Executives agreement to protect Employers Confidential Information applies both during the term of this Agreement and after employment ends, regardless of the reason it ends.

b. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, any information in whatever form that Employer considers to be confidential, proprietary, information and that is not publicly or generally available relating to Employers: trade secrets (as defined by the Uniform Trade Secrets Act), know-how, concepts, methods, research and development; product, content and technology development plans; marketing plans; databases; inventions; research data and mechanisms, software (including functional specifications, source code and object code), procedures, engineering, purchasing, accounting, marketing, sales, customers, advertisers, joint venture partners, suppliers, financial status, contracts or employees. Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive, alone or with others, or entrusted to Employer by its customers or others.

9.Non-Solicitation.

During the course of Executives employment and for a period of one year from the date of termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall not within the State of Alaska directly or indirectly solicit or entice any of the following to cease, terminate or reduce any relationship with Employer or to divert any business from Employer: (A) any person who was an employee of Employer during the one year period immediately preceding the termination of Executives employment; (B) any customer or client of Employer; or (C) any prospective customer or client of Employer from whom Executive actively solicited business within the last year of Executives employment. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 9, the one year non-solicitation period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one uninterrupted year of non-solicitation by Executive.

Page 9 of 14

10.Non-Disparagement. 

Executive will not, during the Term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or Executives employment, make disparaging statements, in any form, about Employers officers, directors, agents, employees, products or services which Executive knows, or has reason to believe, are false or misleading. This Section 10 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Employers Board of Directors. Nothing in this Section 10 is intended to limit Executives legal right to make reports to or cooperate with any law enforcement or other government agency. 

11.Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate.

a. Except as provided in Section 11.b., in the event of a dispute or claim between Executive and Employer related to Executives employment or termination of employment, all such disputes or claims will be resolved exclusively by confidential arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). This means that the parties agree to waive their rights to have such disputes or claims decided in court by a jury. Instead, such disputes or claims will be resolved by an impartial AAA arbitrator whose decision will be final. 

b. The only disputes or claims that are not subject to arbitration are any claims by Executive for workers compensation or unemployment benefits, and any claim by Executive for benefits under an employee benefit plan that provides its own arbitration procedure. Also, Executive and Employer may seek equitable relief (such as an injunction or declaratory relief) in court in appropriate circumstances. Specifically, Executive recognizes that Employer does not have an adequate remedy at law to protect its business from Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, and therefore Employer shall be entitled to bring an action for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunctive relief pre-arbitration, in the event of any actual or threatened breach by Executive of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10. In such court proceeding, Employer shall not be required to post a bond or other security, and Employer may also be awarded actual damages caused by Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement as well as repayment of all or a portion of any severance that Employer previously paid to Executive. 

c. Except as provided by section 11.b., the arbitration procedure will afford Executive and Employer the full range of legal, equitable, and/or statutory remedies. Employer will pay all costs that are unique to arbitration, except that the party who initiates arbitration will pay the filing fee charged by AAA. Executive and Employer shall be entitled to discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate their claims, including access to essential documents and witnesses, as determined by the arbitrator and subject to limited judicial review. In order for any 

Page 10 of 14

judicial review of the arbitrators decision to be successfully accomplished, the arbitrator will issue a written decision that will decide all issues submitted and will reveal the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. 

12.Miscellaneous.

a. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to Executives employment with Employer, and is subject to modification or amendment only upon agreement in writing signed by both parties.

b. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties, except that Employers rights and obligations may not be assigned.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be modified so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision shall be severed from the Agreement to the extent it is unenforceable. All other provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain unaffected and shall remain in full force and effect.

d. In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, the party that substantially prevails shall be entitled to reimbursement of all expenses incurred in connection with such claim or dispute, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other professional fees. This paragraph shall apply to expenses incurred with or without suit, and in any judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including all appeals therefrom.

e. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement to either party shall be given by personal service (i.e., via hand delivery) or by depositing a copy of such notice in the United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the following address, or such other address as addressee shall designate in writing:

Employer: 

3111 C Street

Anchorage, AK 99503

Executive: 

Address on file with Northrim Bank Human Resources Department.

Page 11 of 14

f. This Agreement shall in all respects, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, be governed by and construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Alaska.

g. This Agreement (and all payments and other benefits provided under this Agreement and provided under any other agreement incorporated by reference) is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. To the extent Code Section 409A is applicable to such payments and benefits, the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. In the event that any provision of the Agreement would cause a benefit or amount provided hereunder to be subject to tax under the Internal Revenue Code prior to the time such amount is paid, such provision shall, without the necessity of further action by the signatories to this Agreement, be null and void as of the Effective Date. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), then to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable under this Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately following Executives Separation from Service for reasons other than Executives death (except those payments that may be exempt from or otherwise not subject to Code Section 409A, as determined by Employer in its reasonable, good faith discretion) will not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executives Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, Code Section 409A, and in no event will Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of any failure to comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A, or for any interest on account of any delay in payment deemed necessary to comply with Code Section 409A.

h. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no payment of any type or amount of compensation or benefits shall be made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to the extent that payment of such type or amount is restricted or prohibited by, is not permitted under, or has not received any required approval under, any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance, whether now in existence or hereafter adopted or imposed, including without limitation any provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or regulations promulgated thereunder, 12 USC 1828(k) or 12 CFR Part 359. In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under 

Page 12 of 14

any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer.

i. Executive acknowledges and agrees as a condition to receipt of payments or any type or amount of compensation or benefits made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement that Executive shall comply with the terms of the Employers Compensation Recovery Policy (the Clawback Policy). In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer, including, without limitation, the Clawback Policy, to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer. Any right of recovery under the Clawback Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Employer under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Employer or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement.

Page 13 of 14

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC.

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANK

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE:

/s/Michael G. Huston 

Michael G. Huston

Page 14 of 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a102ballard2025employmenta.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into effective the 1st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Northrim Bank, a state-chartered commercial bank, with its principal office in Anchorage, Alaska (collectively, the Employer) and Jed Ballard (the Executive).

In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1.Employment.

Employer employs Executive and Executive accepts employment with Employer as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Northrim Bank.

2.Term.

The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5, shall continue through December 31, 2025; provided, however, that on January 1, 2026, and each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later than ninety days prior to any such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other that it does not wish to extend the Term. In the event the Term is not extended, Executive shall have no rights to any of the severance payments or benefits continuation described in Section 5 except as specifically provided for in Section 5.a. 

3.Duties.

The Executive will serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Northrim BanCorp, Inc and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Northrim Bank. Executive shall render such executive, management and administrative services and perform such tasks in connection with the affairs and overall operation of the Employer as is customary for the Executives position, subject to the direction of Employers President and Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors. Executive shall devote necessary time, attention and effort to Employers business in order to properly discharge the Executives responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Compensation, Benefits, Reimbursement and Profit Sharing.

a.Base Salary.

In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of $376,375 as adjusted from time to time (Base Salary). The Board of Directors of the Employer shall review Executives salary each year, in a manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate with the Executives performance under this Agreement.

Page 1 of 13

b.Profit Sharing Plan. 

Under the Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Plan), Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual profit share based on performance as defined by the Board of Directors. Executive will be classified in the CFO tier under the Plans Responsibility Factors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). 

c.Stock Incentive Plan. 

Executive shall be eligible for awards under the Employers Stock Incentive Plan. The type, timing and size of awards will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i).

d.Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), and Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive an annual contribution equal to ten percent (10%) of annual Base Salary in accordance with the Employers SERP, as may be adjusted at the discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time. The Executive may also participate in the Employers Deferred Compensation Plan.

e.Other Benefits. 

Throughout the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to participate in health insurance, disability and other employee benefit plans and programs of Employer, as in effect from time to time, on a basis at least as favorable as that accorded to any other officer of Employer and to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans and programs.

f.Expenses. 

Employer shall reimburse Executive for the Executives reasonable expenses (including, without limitation: travel, entertainment, and similar expenses) incurred in performing and promoting the business of the Employer, subject to any limits of company policy and the rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (referred to throughout this Agreement as IRC or the Code). Executive shall present from time to time, itemized accounts and receipts of any such expenses as required by Employer and the Code.

5.Termination of Agreement.

a.Termination Due to a Change of Control. 

If (A) Employer (either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank) is subjected to a Change of Control (as defined in Section 5.f.(i)), and (B) either Employer or its assigns terminates Executives employment without Cause (as defined in Section 5.f.(ii)) (either during the annual term of this Agreement or by refusing to extend this Agreement when the annual termination occurs every December 31) or Executive terminates their employment for Good 

Page 2 of 14

Reason (as defined in Section 5.f.(iii)) within seven hundred and thirty days of such Change of Control, then Employer shall pay Executive: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; (ii) an amount equal to two times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years, and (iii) an amount equal to two times Executives average Profit Share paid in any of one of the prior three years. The amounts described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the date on which employment is terminated, or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amounts described in clauses (ii), and (iii) herein shall be paid no later than forty-five calendar days after the day on which employment is terminated. No payment will be made pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) unless the Executive has signed an agreement, in a form acceptable to Employer, that releases and holds Employer harmless from all known and unknown claims and liabilities arising out of Executives employment with Employer or the performance of this Agreement (Release Agreement) and the Release Agreement has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of two years following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Code (commonly referred to as COBRA); provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of the Executives termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the two years following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.a.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in the first paragraph of Section 5.a. are paid to Executive.

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed the Executives responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

Page 3 of 14

b.Termination by Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment without Cause, or if Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive in a lump sum: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; and (ii) an amount equal to one times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years. The amount described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clause (ii) shall be paid on the first day of the month following a period of six months after the termination of employment, provided that the payment may be made sooner if either (A) the amount does not exceed the amount described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) (the IRC Safe Harbor) or (B) at the Executives election, the amount described in clause (ii), is reduced to fit within the IRC Safe Harbor. No payment will be made pursuant to clause (ii) unless the Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date. 

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA ; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.b.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in clause (i) of the first paragraph of Section 5.b are paid to Executive.

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed their responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

Page 4 of 14

c.Termination by Employer for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause or if Executive terminates their employment without Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive upon the effective date of such termination only such Base Salary earned and expenses reimbursable under this Agreement incurred through such termination date. In such case, Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination under this Agreement. 

If any disputed termination under Section 5.c. is subsequently determined to have been without Cause by Employer or with Good Reason by Executive, Executive's recovery shall be limited to those payments and benefits set out under Section 5.b.

d.Termination Due to Total Disability. 

If Executive shall have been unable to perform his duties due to a Total Disability (as defined in Section 5.f.(iv)), then Employer may at any time after the end of the applicable period of nonperformance terminate Executives employment, effective immediately, consistent with Employers obligation to provide a leave of absence and/or reasonably accommodate Executive under applicable laws, and Executive shall be entitled to: (A) all Base Salary earned and reimbursement for expenses incurred under this Agreement through the termination date; (B) full Base Salary for the one year following the termination date (less the amount of any payments received by Executive during such one year period under any Employersponsored disability plan); and (C) health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination date, which benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of their termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.d), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any other amounts described in this Section 5.d are paid to Executive. The amount described in clause (A) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clauses (B) and (C) shall be paid Executive in one lump sum the first day of the month following a period of six months after Executives employment was terminated, provided that Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

Page 5 of 14

e.Termination Upon Death of Executive. 

Executives employment under this Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of Executive. In such case, the Employer shall be obligated to pay to the surviving spouse of Executive, or if there is none, to the Executives estate: (A) that portion of Executives Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive for the month in which their death occurred, and (B) any amounts due the Executive pursuant to the Northrim Bank Savings Incentive Plan (401-K) and the Plan, any supplemental deferred compensation plan, and any other death, insurance, employee benefit plan or stock benefit plan provided to Executive by the Employer, according to the terms of the respective plans.

f.Termination Definitions.

(i)Change of Control. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (A) one person or entity acquiring or otherwise becoming the owner of thirty percent (30%) or more of Employers outstanding common stock; (B) replacement of a majority of the incumbent directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank by directors whose elections have not been supported by a majority of the Board of Directors of either company, as appropriate; (C) dissolution or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more in value of the assets, of either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank; or (D) a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; provided, however, that to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any tax penalty under Code Section 409A(a), a Change of Control shall be limited to a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

(ii)Cause. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination because Executive: (A) continually fails to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, (B) is adjudged guilty of a felony, any crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust or any crime involving a breach of his or her fiduciary duties to the Employer; (C) is willfully and continually failing to comply with any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease and desist order of a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Employer; (D) commits a material act of dishonesty or disloyalty related to the business of the Employer, or (E) is unable to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to drug addiction or chronic alcoholism. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive, a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Employers Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board called for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with their counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive 

Page 6 of 14

was guilty of conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above) and specifying the conduct in detail.

(iii)Good Reason. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by Executive as a result of any material breach of this Agreement by Employer. Good Reason shall include, but not be limited to: (A) a material reduction in Executives compensation defined as a reduction equal to or greater than five percent (5%) of Executives then annual base salary; (B) a material reduction in Executives duties and responsibilities, but not merely a change in title; or (C) relocation of Executives primary workplace by more than fifty miles. Good Reason will only be deemed to occur if, within ninety days after a material reduction or change described above first occurs, the Executive provides notice to the Employer of the existence of Good Reason and of the Executives intended termination of employment due to Good Reason, and the Employer does not remove the Good Reason condition within ninety days after receiving such notice from the Executive. The Executives written notice must explain the basis on which the Executive believes Good Reason exists, the cure period, and the date on which the Executive intends to terminate employment, which must be no later than six months after the existence of the Good Reason. The provisions of Section 5.f.(iii) are intended to comply with the Good Reason safe harbor provisions of Code Section 409A and applicable regulations.

(iv)Total Disability.

For purposes of this Agreement, Total Disability shall mean a medically diagnosed physical or mental illness, existing for a period of six consecutive months, or for a total of six months within any twelve month period, and that renders Executive incapable of performing their essential job functions under this Agreement, even after the Executive has been accorded reasonable accommodation. Employers Board of Directors, acting in good faith, in accordance with applicable law, shall make the final determination of whether Executive is suffering under any Total Disability (as herein defined) and, for purposes of making such determination, may require Executive to submit themselves to a physical examination by a physician mutually agreed upon by the Executive and Employers Board of Directors at Employers expense.

(v)Termination from Employment. 

A termination from employment under this Agreement shall mean a Separation from Service as interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and generally meaning the date on which the Executive is no longer performing services for the Employer. The Executive shall not have a Separation from Service while on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or contract. A leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Executive will return to perform services. 

Page 7 of 14

6.Limit on Severance Payment for Change of Control.

Notwithstanding anything above in Section 5.a., if the severance payment provided for in that Section, together with any other payments which the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), the severance payment shall be reduced. The reduction shall be in an amount so that the present value of the total amount received by the Executive from the Employer or its affiliates and subsidiaries will be two point nine-nine (2.99) times the Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the amounts received by the Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (excise tax). Insofar as permitted by the Code, Employer shall reduce those elements of the severance pay package specified by the Executive, provided, however, that Employer will not reduce the SERP credits provided for in Section 5.a.(ii). The determination as to whether any reduction in the severance payment is necessary shall be made by the Employer in good faith, and the determination shall be conclusive and binding on Executive. If through error or otherwise Executive should receive payments under this Agreement, together with other payments the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, in excess of two point nine-nine (2.99) times their base amount, Executive shall immediately repay the excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

7.Covenant Not To Compete.

a. As a material term of this Agreement and to protect the goodwill proprietary and strategic information, and the business of Employer, and Employers investment in the training and education of Executive about its business and related strategies, and in consideration for the special trust and position of confidence placed in the Executive as its Chief Financial Officer regarding Employers most competition-sensitive data, Executive agrees that for the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5.a. or 5.b., Executive will not directly or indirectly be employed by, own, manage, operate, support, join, or benefit in any way from any business activity within the State of Alaska that competes with Employers business (offers services or products of the same or similar nature of those offered by Employer) or reasonably anticipated business of which Executive has knowledge. For purposes of the foregoing, Executive will be deemed to be connected with such business if the business is carried on by: (A) a partnership in which Executive is a general or limited partner; or (B) a corporation of which Executive is a shareholder (other than a shareholder owning less than five percent (5%) of the total outstanding shares of the corporation), officer, director, employee or consultant, whether paid or unpaid. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 7, the one year non-compete period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one full year of non-competition by Executive.

b. The parties agree that if a trial judge or arbitrator with jurisdiction over a dispute related to this Agreement should determine that the restrictive covenant set forth above is unreasonably broad, the parties authorize such trial judge or arbitrator to narrow the covenant so as to make it reasonable, given all relevant circumstances, and to enforce such covenant. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Page 8 of 14

8.Nondisclosure of Confidential Information.

a. During the term of Executives employment and thereafter, Executive agrees to hold Employers Confidential Information (as defined in Section 8.b.) in strict confidence, and not disclose or use it at any time except as authorized by Employer and for Employers benefit. If anyone tries to compel Executive to disclose any Confidential Information, by subpoena or otherwise, Executive agrees immediately to notify Employer so that Employer may take any actions it deems necessary to protect its interests. Executives agreement to protect Employers Confidential Information applies both during the term of this Agreement and after employment ends, regardless of the reason it ends.

b. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, any information in whatever form that Employer considers to be confidential, proprietary, information and that is not publicly or generally available relating to Employers: trade secrets (as defined by the Uniform Trade Secrets Act), know-how, concepts, methods, research and development; product, content and technology development plans; marketing plans; databases; inventions; research data and mechanisms, software (including functional specifications, source code and object code), procedures, engineering, purchasing, accounting, marketing, sales, customers, advertisers, joint venture partners, suppliers, financial status, contracts or employees. Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive, alone or with others, or entrusted to Employer by its customers or others.

9.Non-Solicitation.

During the course of Executives employment and for a period of one year from the date of termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall not within the State of Alaska directly or indirectly solicit or entice any of the following to cease, terminate or reduce any relationship with Employer or to divert any business from Employer: (A) any person who was an employee of Employer during the one year period immediately preceding the termination of Executives employment; (B) any customer or client of Employer; or (C) any prospective customer or client of Employer from whom Executive actively solicited business within the last year of Executives employment. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 9, the one year non-solicitation period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one uninterrupted year of non-solicitation by Executive.

10.Non-Disparagement. 

Executive will not, during the Term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or Executives employment, make disparaging statements, in any form, about Employers officers, directors, agents, employees, products or services which Executive knows, or has reason to believe, are false or misleading. This Section 10 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such 

Page 9 of 14

compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Employers Board of Directors. Nothing in this Section 10 is intended to limit Executives legal right to make reports to or cooperate with any law enforcement or other government agency. 

11.Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate.

a. Except as provided in Section 11.b., in the event of a dispute or claim between Executive and Employer related to Executives employment or termination of employment, all such disputes or claims will be resolved exclusively by confidential arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). This means that the parties agree to waive their rights to have such disputes or claims decided in court by a jury. Instead, such disputes or claims will be resolved by an impartial AAA arbitrator whose decision will be final. 

b. The only disputes or claims that are not subject to arbitration are any claims by Executive for workers compensation or unemployment benefits, and any claim by Executive for benefits under an employee benefit plan that provides its own arbitration procedure. Also, Executive and Employer may seek equitable relief (such as an injunction or declaratory relief) in court in appropriate circumstances. Specifically, Executive recognizes that Employer does not have an adequate remedy at law to protect its business from Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, and therefore Employer shall be entitled to bring an action for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunctive relief pre-arbitration, in the event of any actual or threatened breach by Executive of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10. In such court proceeding, Employer shall not be required to post a bond or other security, and Employer may also be awarded actual damages caused by Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement as well as repayment of all or a portion of any severance that Employer previously paid to Executive. 

c. Except as provided by section 11.b., the arbitration procedure will afford Executive and Employer the full range of legal, equitable, and/or statutory remedies. Employer will pay all costs that are unique to arbitration, except that the party who initiates arbitration will pay the filing fee charged by AAA. Executive and Employer shall be entitled to discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate their claims, including access to essential documents and witnesses, as determined by the arbitrator and subject to limited judicial review. In order for any judicial review of the arbitrators decision to be successfully accomplished, the arbitrator will issue a written decision that will decide all issues submitted and will reveal the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. 

12.Miscellaneous.

a. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to Executives employment with Employer, and is subject to modification or amendment only upon agreement in writing signed by both parties.

Page 10 of 14

b. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties, except that Employers rights and obligations may not be assigned.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be modified so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision shall be severed from the Agreement to the extent it is unenforceable. All other provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain unaffected and shall remain in full force and effect.

d. In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, the party that substantially prevails shall be entitled to reimbursement of all expenses incurred in connection with such claim or dispute, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other professional fees. This paragraph shall apply to expenses incurred with or without suit, and in any judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including all appeals therefrom.

e. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement to either party shall be given by personal service (i.e., via hand delivery) or by depositing a copy of such notice in the United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the following address, or such other address as addressee shall designate in writing:

Employer: 

3111 C Street

Anchorage, AK 99503

Executive: 

Address on file with Northrim Bank Human Resources Department.

f. This Agreement shall in all respects, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, be governed by and construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Alaska.

g. This Agreement (and all payments and other benefits provided under this Agreement and provided under any other agreement incorporated by reference) is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. To the extent Code Section 409A is 

Page 11 of 14

applicable to such payments and benefits, the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. In the event that any provision of the Agreement would cause a benefit or amount provided hereunder to be subject to tax under the Internal Revenue Code prior to the time such amount is paid, such provision shall, without the necessity of further action by the signatories to this Agreement, be null and void as of the Effective Date. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), then to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable under this Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately following Executives Separation from Service for reasons other than Executives death (except those payments that may be exempt from or otherwise not subject to Code Section 409A, as determined by Employer in its reasonable, good faith discretion) will not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executives Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, Code Section 409A, and in no event will Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of any failure to comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A, or for any interest on account of any delay in payment deemed necessary to comply with Code Section 409A.

h. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no payment of any type or amount of compensation or benefits shall be made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to the extent that payment of such type or amount is restricted or prohibited by, is not permitted under, or has not received any required approval under, any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance, whether now in existence or hereafter adopted or imposed, including without limitation any provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or regulations promulgated thereunder, 12 USC 1828(k) or 12 CFR Part 359. In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer.

i. Executive acknowledges and agrees as a condition to receipt of payments or any type or amount of compensation or benefits made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement that Executive shall comply with the terms of the Employers Compensation Recovery Policy (the Clawback Policy). In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer, including, without 

Page 12 of 14

limitation, the Clawback Policy, to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer. Any right of recovery under the Clawback Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Employer under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Employer or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement.

Page 13 of 14

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC.

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANK

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE:

/s/Jed Ballard

Jed Ballard

Page 14 of 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a103schierhorn2025employme.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into effective the 1st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Northrim Bank, a state-chartered commercial bank, with its principal office in Anchorage, Alaska (collectively, the Employer) and Joseph M. Schierhorn (the Executive).

In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1.Employment.

Employer employs Executive and Executive accepts employment with Employer as Chairman of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and Chairman of Northrim Bank.

2.Term.

The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5, shall continue through December 31, 2025; provided, however, that on January 1, 2026, and each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later than ninety days prior to any such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other that it does not wish to extend the Term. In the event the Term is not extended, Executive shall have no rights to any of the severance payments or benefits continuation described in Section 5 except as specifically provided for in Section 5.a. 

3.Duties.

The Executive will serve as Chairman of Northrim BanCorp, Inc and Chairman of Northrim Bank. Executive shall render such executive, management and administrative services and perform such tasks in connection with the affairs and overall operation of the Employer as is customary for the Executives position, subject to the direction of Employers Board of Directors. Executive shall devote necessary time, attention and effort to Employers business in order to properly discharge the Executives responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Compensation, Benefits, Reimbursement and Profit Sharing.

a.Base Salary.

In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of $200,000 as adjusted from time to time (Base Salary). The Board of Directors of the Employer shall review Executives salary each year, in a manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate with the Executives performance under this Agreement.

Page 1 of 13

b.Profit Sharing Plan. 

Executive will not be eligible for a profit share under the Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Profit Sharing Plan) for the Performance Period (as defined in the Profit Sharing Plan). As a reminder, Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation previously paid to Executive, including any payments under the Profit Sharing Plan for any prior Performance Periods, required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). 

c.Stock Incentive Plan. 

Executive will not be eligible for any new award grants under the Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan). Any outstanding awards under the Equity Plan (and any predecessor equity incentive plan of the Employer) will remain subject to the terms of the applicable plan and award agreements. As a reminder, Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation previously paid to Executive, including under the Equity Plan and predecessor equity incentive plans of the Employer, required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i).

d.Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), Supplemental Executive Retirement Deferred Compensation Plan and Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Executive will not be eligible to receive any additional contributions by the Employer to the SERP, SERP Deferred Compensation Plan, or the 2023 Deferred Compensation Plan, or any other non-qualified deferred compensation plans of the Employer. Any benefits under any such plans that are payable to Executive will be paid in accordance with the terms of such plans (and any deferral elections made by Executive pursuant to such plans); provided that Executive and Employer acknowledge and agree that the change in Executives position and duties under this Agreement will not result in a termination of employment or separation of service for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (referred to throughout this Agreement as IRC or the Code), as of the Effective Date. 

e.Other Benefits. 

Throughout the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to participate in health insurance, disability and other employee benefit plans and programs of Employer, as in effect from time to time, on a basis at least as favorable as that accorded to any other officer of Employer and to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans and programs.

f.Expenses. 

Employer shall reimburse Executive for the Executives reasonable expenses (including, without limitation: travel, entertainment, and similar expenses) incurred in performing and 

Page 2 of 14

promoting the business of the Employer, subject to any limits of company policy and the rules and regulations of the IRC. Executive shall present from time to time, itemized accounts and receipts of any such expenses as required by Employer and the Code.

5.Termination of Agreement.

a.Termination Due to a Change of Control. 

If (A) Employer (either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank) is subjected to a Change of Control (as defined in Section 5.f.(i)), and (B) either Employer or its assigns terminates Executives employment without Cause (as defined in Section 5.f.(ii)) (either during the annual term of this Agreement or by refusing to extend this Agreement when the annual termination occurs every December 31) or Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason (as defined in Section 5.f.(iii)) within seven hundred and thirty days of such Change of Control, then Employer shall pay Executive: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; (ii) an amount equal to two times the Executive's then-current Base Salary. The amounts described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the date on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amounts described in clause (ii) shall be paid no later than forty-five calendar days after the day on which employment is terminated. No payment will be made pursuant to clause (ii) unless the Executive has signed an agreement, in a form acceptable to Employer, that releases and holds Employer harmless from all known and unknown claims and liabilities arising out of Executives employment with Employer or the performance of this Agreement (Release Agreement) and the Release Agreement has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of two years following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Code (commonly referred to as COBRA); provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of the Executives termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the two years following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.a.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in the first paragraph of Section 5.a. are paid to Executive.

Page 3 of 14

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed the Executives responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

b.Termination by Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment without Cause, or if Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive in a lump sum: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; and (ii) an amount equal to one times Executives then-current Base Salary. The amount described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clause (ii) shall be paid on the first day of the month following a period of six months after the termination of employment, provided that the payment may be made sooner if either (A) the amount does not exceed the amount described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) (the IRC Safe Harbor) or (B) at the Executives election, the amount described in clause (ii), is reduced to fit within the IRC Safe Harbor. No payment will be made pursuant to clause (ii) unless the Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date. 

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA ; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.b.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in clause (i) of the first paragraph of Section 5.b are paid to Executive.

Page 4 of 14

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed their responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

c.Termination by Employer for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause or if Executive terminates their employment without Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive upon the effective date of such termination only such Base Salary earned and expenses reimbursable under this Agreement incurred through such termination date. In such case, Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination under this Agreement. 

If any disputed termination under Section 5.c. is subsequently determined to have been without Cause by Employer or with Good Reason by Executive, Executive's recovery shall be limited to those payments and benefits set out under Section 5.b.

d.Termination Due to Total Disability. 

If Executive shall have been unable to perform his duties due to a Total Disability (as defined in Section 5.f.(iv)), then Employer may at any time after the end of the applicable period of nonperformance terminate Executives employment, effective immediately, consistent with Employers obligation to provide a leave of absence and/or reasonably accommodate Executive under applicable laws, and Executive shall be entitled to: (A) all Base Salary earned and reimbursement for expenses incurred under this Agreement through the termination date; (B) full Base Salary for the one year following the termination date (less the amount of any payments received by Executive during such one year period under any Employersponsored disability plan); and (C) health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination date, which benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of their termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer 

Page 5 of 14

pursuant to this Section 5.d), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any other amounts described in this Section 5.d are paid to Executive. The amount described in clause (A) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clauses (B) and (C) shall be paid Executive in one lump sum the first day of the month following a period of six months after Executives employment was terminated, provided that Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

e.Termination Upon Death of Executive. 

Executives employment under this Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of Executive. In such case, the Employer shall be obligated to pay to the surviving spouse of Executive, or if there is none, to the Executives estate: (A) that portion of Executives Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive for the month in which their death occurred, and (B) any amounts due the Executive pursuant to the Northrim Bank Savings Incentive Plan (401-K) and the Profit Sharing Plan, any supplemental deferred compensation plan, and any other death, insurance, employee benefit plan or stock benefit plan provided to Executive by the Employer, according to the terms of the respective plans.

f.Termination Definitions.

(i)Change of Control. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (A) one person or entity acquiring or otherwise becoming the owner of thirty percent (30%) or more of Employers outstanding common stock; (B) replacement of a majority of the incumbent directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank by directors whose elections have not been supported by a majority of the Board of Directors of either company, as appropriate; (C) dissolution or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more in value of the assets, of either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank; or (D) a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; provided, however, that to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any tax penalty under Code Section 409A(a), a Change of Control shall be limited to a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

(ii)Cause. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination because Executive: (A) continually fails to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, (B) is adjudged guilty of a felony, any crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust or any crime involving a breach of his or her fiduciary duties to the Employer; (C) is willfully and continually failing to comply with any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease and desist order of a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Employer; (D) commits a material act of dishonesty or disloyalty related to the business of the 

Page 6 of 14

Employer, or (E) is unable to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to drug addiction or chronic alcoholism. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive, a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Employers Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board called for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with their counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive was guilty of conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above) and specifying the conduct in detail.

(iii)Good Reason. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by Executive as a result of any material breach of this Agreement by Employer. Good Reason shall include, but not be limited to: (A) a material reduction in Executives compensation defined as a reduction equal to or greater than five percent (5%) of Executives then annual base salary; (B) a material reduction in Executives duties and responsibilities, but not merely a change in title; or (C) relocation of Executives primary workplace by more than fifty miles. Good Reason will only be deemed to occur if, within ninety days after a material reduction or change described above first occurs, the Executive provides notice to the Employer of the existence of Good Reason and of the Executives intended termination of employment due to Good Reason, and the Employer does not remove the Good Reason condition within ninety days after receiving such notice from the Executive. The Executives written notice must explain the basis on which the Executive believes Good Reason exists, the cure period, and the date on which the Executive intends to terminate employment, which must be no later than six months after the existence of the Good Reason. The provisions of Section 5.f.(iii) are intended to comply with the Good Reason safe harbor provisions of Code Section 409A and applicable regulations.

(iv)Total Disability.

For purposes of this Agreement, Total Disability shall mean a medically diagnosed physical or mental illness, existing for a period of six consecutive months, or for a total of six months within any twelve month period, and that renders Executive incapable of performing their essential job functions under this Agreement, even after the Executive has been accorded reasonable accommodation. Employers Board of Directors, acting in good faith, in accordance with applicable law, shall make the final determination of whether Executive is suffering under any Total Disability (as herein defined) and, for purposes of making such determination, may require Executive to submit themselves to a physical examination by a physician mutually agreed upon by the Executive and Employers Board of Directors at Employers expense.

(v)Termination from Employment. 

A termination from employment under this Agreement shall mean a Separation from Service as interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and generally meaning the date on 

Page 7 of 14

which the Executive is no longer performing services for the Employer. The Executive shall not have a Separation from Service while on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or contract. A leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Executive will return to perform services. 

6.Limit on Severance Payment for Change of Control.

Notwithstanding anything above in Section 5.a., if the severance payment provided for in that Section, together with any other payments which the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), the severance payment shall be reduced. The reduction shall be in an amount so that the present value of the total amount received by the Executive from the Employer or its affiliates and subsidiaries will be two point nine-nine (2.99) times the Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the amounts received by the Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (excise tax). Insofar as permitted by the Code, Employer shall reduce those elements of the severance pay package specified by the Executive, provided, however, that Employer will not reduce the SERP credits provided for in Section 5.a.(ii). The determination as to whether any reduction in the severance payment is necessary shall be made by the Employer in good faith, and the determination shall be conclusive and binding on Executive. If through error or otherwise Executive should receive payments under this Agreement, together with other payments the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, in excess of two point nine-nine (2.99) times their base amount, Executive shall immediately repay the excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

7.Covenant Not To Compete.

a. As a material term of this Agreement and to protect the goodwill, proprietary and strategic information, and the business of Employer, and Employer's investment in the training and education of Executive about its business and related strategies, and in consideration for the special trust and position of confidence placed in the Executive as its Chairman regarding Employer's most competition-sensitive data, Executive agrees that for the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5.a. or 5.b., Executive will not directly or indirectly be employed by, own, manage, operate, support, join, or benefit in any way from any business activity within the State of Alaska that competes with Employers business (offers services or products of the same or similar nature of those offered by Employer) or reasonably anticipated business of which Executive has knowledge. For purposes of the foregoing, Executive will be deemed to be connected with such business if the business is carried on by: (A) a partnership in which Executive is a general or limited partner; or (B) a corporation of which Executive is a shareholder (other than a shareholder owning less than five percent (5%) of the total outstanding shares of the corporation), officer, director, employee or consultant, whether paid or unpaid. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 

Page 8 of 14

7, the one year non-compete period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one full year of non-competition by Executive.

b. The parties agree that if a trial judge or arbitrator with jurisdiction over a dispute related to this Agreement should determine that the restrictive covenant set forth above is unreasonably broad, the parties authorize such trial judge or arbitrator to narrow the covenant so as to make it reasonable, given all relevant circumstances, and to enforce such covenant. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

8.Nondisclosure of Confidential Information.

a. During the term of Executives employment and thereafter, Executive agrees to hold Employers Confidential Information (as defined in Section 8.b.) in strict confidence, and not disclose or use it at any time except as authorized by Employer and for Employers benefit. If anyone tries to compel Executive to disclose any Confidential Information, by subpoena or otherwise, Executive agrees immediately to notify Employer so that Employer may take any actions it deems necessary to protect its interests. Executives agreement to protect Employers Confidential Information applies both during the term of this Agreement and after employment ends, regardless of the reason it ends.

b. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, any information in whatever form that Employer considers to be confidential, proprietary, information and that is not publicly or generally available relating to Employers: trade secrets (as defined by the Uniform Trade Secrets Act), know-how, concepts, methods, research and development; product, content and technology development plans; marketing plans; databases; inventions; research data and mechanisms, software (including functional specifications, source code and object code), procedures, engineering, purchasing, accounting, marketing, sales, customers, advertisers, joint venture partners, suppliers, financial status, contracts or employees. Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive, alone or with others, or entrusted to Employer by its customers or others.

9.Non-Solicitation.

During the course of Executives employment and for a period of one year from the date of termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall not within the State of Alaska directly or indirectly solicit or entice any of the following to cease, terminate or reduce any relationship with Employer or to divert any business from Employer: (A) any person who was an employee of Employer during the one year period immediately preceding the termination of Executives employment; (B) any customer or client of Employer; or (C) any prospective customer or client of Employer from whom Executive actively solicited business within the last year of Executives employment. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 9, the one year non-solicitation period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one uninterrupted year of non-solicitation by Executive.

Page 9 of 14

10.Non-Disparagement. 

Executive will not, during the Term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or Executives employment, make disparaging statements, in any form, about Employers officers, directors, agents, employees, products or services which Executive knows, or has reason to believe, are false or misleading. This Section 10 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Employers Board of Directors. Nothing in this Section 10 is intended to limit Executives legal right to make reports to or cooperate with any law enforcement or other government agency. 

11.Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate.

a. Except as provided in Section 11.b., in the event of a dispute or claim between Executive and Employer related to Executives employment or termination of employment, all such disputes or claims will be resolved exclusively by confidential arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). This means that the parties agree to waive their rights to have such disputes or claims decided in court by a jury. Instead, such disputes or claims will be resolved by an impartial AAA arbitrator whose decision will be final. 

b. The only disputes or claims that are not subject to arbitration are any claims by Executive for workers compensation or unemployment benefits, and any claim by Executive for benefits under an employee benefit plan that provides its own arbitration procedure. Also, Executive and Employer may seek equitable relief (such as an injunction or declaratory relief) in court in appropriate circumstances. Specifically, Executive recognizes that Employer does not have an adequate remedy at law to protect its business from Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, and therefore Employer shall be entitled to bring an action for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunctive relief pre-arbitration, in the event of any actual or threatened breach by Executive of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10. In such court proceeding, Employer shall not be required to post a bond or other security, and Employer may also be awarded actual damages caused by Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement as well as repayment of all or a portion of any severance that Employer previously paid to Executive. 

c. Except as provided by section 11.b., the arbitration procedure will afford Executive and Employer the full range of legal, equitable, and/or statutory remedies. Employer will pay all costs that are unique to arbitration, except that the party who initiates arbitration will pay the filing fee charged by AAA. Executive and Employer shall be entitled to discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate their claims, including access to essential documents and witnesses, as determined by the arbitrator and subject to limited judicial review. In order for any 

Page 10 of 14

judicial review of the arbitrators decision to be successfully accomplished, the arbitrator will issue a written decision that will decide all issues submitted and will reveal the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. 

12.Miscellaneous.

a. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to Executives employment with Employer, and is subject to modification or amendment only upon agreement in writing signed by both parties.

b. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties, except that Employers rights and obligations may not be assigned.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be modified so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision shall be severed from the Agreement to the extent it is unenforceable. All other provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain unaffected and shall remain in full force and effect.

d. In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, the party that substantially prevails shall be entitled to reimbursement of all expenses incurred in connection with such claim or dispute, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other professional fees. This paragraph shall apply to expenses incurred with or without suit, and in any judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including all appeals therefrom.

e. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement to either party shall be given by personal service (i.e., via hand delivery) or by depositing a copy of such notice in the United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the following address, or such other address as addressee shall designate in writing:

Employer: 

3111 C Street

Anchorage, AK 99503

Executive: 

Address on file with Northrim Bank Human Resources Department.

f. This Agreement shall in all respects, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, be governed by and construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Alaska.

Page 11 of 14

g. This Agreement (and all payments and other benefits provided under this Agreement and provided under any other agreement incorporated by reference) is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. To the extent Code Section 409A is applicable to such payments and benefits, the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. In the event that any provision of the Agreement would cause a benefit or amount provided hereunder to be subject to tax under the Internal Revenue Code prior to the time such amount is paid, such provision shall, without the necessity of further action by the signatories to this Agreement, be null and void as of the Effective Date. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), then to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable under this Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately following Executives Separation from Service for reasons other than Executives death (except those payments that may be exempt from or otherwise not subject to Code Section 409A, as determined by Employer in its reasonable, good faith discretion) will not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executives Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, Code Section 409A, and in no event will Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of any failure to comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A, or for any interest on account of any delay in payment deemed necessary to comply with Code Section 409A.

h. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no payment of any type or amount of compensation or benefits shall be made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to the extent that payment of such type or amount is restricted or prohibited by, is not permitted under, or has not received any required approval under, any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance, whether now in existence or hereafter adopted or imposed, including without limitation any provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or regulations promulgated thereunder, 12 USC 1828(k) or 12 CFR Part 359. In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer.

Page 12 of 14

i. Executive acknowledges and agrees as a condition to receipt of payments or any type or amount of compensation or benefits made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement that Executive shall comply with the terms of the Employers Compensation Recovery Policy (the Clawback Policy). In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer, including, without limitation, the Clawback Policy, to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer. Any right of recovery under the Clawback Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Employer under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Employer or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement.

Page 13 of 14

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC.

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANK

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE:

/s/Joseph M. Schierhorn

Joseph M. Schierhorn 

Page 14 of 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>a104edwards2025employmentc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.4

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into effective the 1st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Northrim Bank, a state-chartered commercial bank, with its principal office in Anchorage, Alaska (collectively, the Employer) and Mark Edwards (the Executive).

In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1.Employment.

Employer employs Executive and Executive accepts employment with Employer as Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer and Bank Economist of Northrim Bank.

2.Term.

The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5, shall continue through December 31, 2025; provided, however, that on January 1, 2026, and each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later than ninety days prior to any such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other that it does not wish to extend the Term. In the event the Term is not extended, Executive shall have no rights to any of the severance payments or benefits continuation described in Section 5 except as specifically provided for in Section 5.a. 

3.Duties.

The Executive will serve as Executive Vice President Chief Credit Officer and Bank Economist of Northrim Bank. Executive shall render such executive, management and administrative services and perform such tasks in connection with the affairs and overall operation of the Employer as is customary for the Executives position, subject to the direction of Employers President and Chief Executive Officer, and Board of Directors. Executive shall devote necessary time, attention and effort to Employers business in order to properly discharge the Executives responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Compensation, Benefits, Reimbursement and Profit Sharing.

a.Base Salary.

In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of $289,682 as adjusted from time to time (Base Salary). The Board of Directors of the Employer shall review Executives salary each year, in a manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate with the Executives performance under this Agreement.

Page 1 of 13

b.Profit Sharing Plan. 

Under the Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Plan), Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual profit share based on performance as defined by the Board of Directors. Executive will be classified in the EVP tier under the Plans Responsibility Factors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). 

c.Stock Incentive Plan. 

Executive shall be eligible for awards under the Employers Stock Incentive Plan. The type, timing and size of awards will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i).

d.Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), and Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive an annual contribution equal to five percent (5%) of annual Base Salary in accordance with the Employers SERP, as may be adjusted at the discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time. The Executive may also participate in the Employers Deferred Compensation Plan.

e.Other Benefits. 

Throughout the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to participate in health insurance, disability and other employee benefit plans and programs of Employer, as in effect from time to time, on a basis at least as favorable as that accorded to any other officer of Employer and to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans and programs.

f.Expenses. 

Employer shall reimburse Executive for the Executives reasonable expenses (including, without limitation: travel, entertainment, and similar expenses) incurred in performing and promoting the business of the Employer, subject to any limits of company policy and the rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (referred to throughout this Agreement as IRC or the Code). Executive shall present from time to time, itemized accounts and receipts of any such expenses as required by Employer and the Code.

5.Termination of Agreement.

a.Termination Due to a Change of Control. 

If (A) Employer (either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank) is subjected to a Change of Control (as defined in Section 5.f.(i)), and (B) either Employer or its assigns 

Page 2 of 14

terminates Executives employment without Cause (as defined in Section 5.f.(ii)) (either during the annual term of this Agreement or by refusing to extend this Agreement when the annual termination occurs every December 31) or Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason (as defined in Section 5.f.(iii)) within seven hundred and thirty days of such Change of Control, then Employer shall pay Executive: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; (ii) an amount equal to one times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years, and (iii) an amount equal to one times Executives average Profit Share paid in any of one of the prior three years. The amounts described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the date on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amounts described in clauses (ii), and (iii) herein shall be paid no later than forty-five calendar days after the day on which employment is terminated. No payment will be made pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) unless the Executive has signed an agreement, in a form acceptable to Employer, that releases and holds Employer harmless from all known and unknown claims and liabilities arising out of Executives employment with Employer or the performance of this Agreement (Release Agreement) and the Release Agreement has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Code (commonly referred to as COBRA); provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of the Executives termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.a.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in the first paragraph of Section 5.a. are paid to Executive.

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be 

Page 3 of 14

entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed the Executives responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

b.Termination by Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment without Cause, or if Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive in a lump sum: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; and (ii) an amount equal to point seven five (.75) times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years. The amount described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clause (ii) shall be paid on the first day of the month following a period of six months after the termination of employment, provided that the payment may be made sooner if either (A) the amount does not exceed the amount described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) (the IRC Safe Harbor) or (B) at the Executives election, the amount described in clause (ii), is reduced to fit within the IRC Safe Harbor. No payment will be made pursuant to clause (ii) unless the Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date. 

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of nine months following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA ; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the nine months following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.b.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in clause (i) of the first paragraph of Section 5.b are paid to Executive.

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company 

Page 4 of 14

controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed their responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

c.Termination by Employer for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause or if Executive terminates their employment without Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive upon the effective date of such termination only such Base Salary earned and expenses reimbursable under this Agreement incurred through such termination date. In such case, Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination under this Agreement. 

If any disputed termination under Section 5.c. is subsequently determined to have been without Cause by Employer or with Good Reason by Executive, Executive's recovery shall be limited to those payments and benefits set out under Section 5.b.

d.Termination Due to Total Disability. 

If Executive shall have been unable to perform his duties due to a Total Disability (as defined in Section 5.f.(iv)), then Employer may at any time after the end of the applicable period of nonperformance terminate Executives employment, effective immediately, consistent with Employers obligation to provide a leave of absence and/or reasonably accommodate Executive under applicable laws, and Executive shall be entitled to: (A) all Base Salary earned and reimbursement for expenses incurred under this Agreement through the termination date; (B) full Base Salary for the one year following the termination date (less the amount of any payments received by Executive during such one year period under any Employersponsored disability plan); and (C) health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination date, which benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of their termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.d), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any other amounts described in this Section 5.d are paid to Executive. The amount described in clause (A) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular 

Page 5 of 14

payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clauses (B) and (C) shall be paid Executive in one lump sum the first day of the month following a period of six months after Executives employment was terminated, provided that Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

e.Termination Upon Death of Executive. 

Executives employment under this Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of Executive. In such case, the Employer shall be obligated to pay to the surviving spouse of Executive, or if there is none, to the Executives estate: (A) that portion of Executives Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive for the month in which their death occurred, and (B) any amounts due the Executive pursuant to the Northrim Bank Savings Incentive Plan (401-K) and the Plan, any supplemental deferred compensation plan, and any other death, insurance, employee benefit plan or stock benefit plan provided to Executive by the Employer, according to the terms of the respective plans.

f.Termination Definitions.

(i)Change of Control. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (A) one person or entity acquiring or otherwise becoming the owner of thirty percent (30%) or more of Employers outstanding common stock; (B) replacement of a majority of the incumbent directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank by directors whose elections have not been supported by a majority of the Board of Directors of either company, as appropriate; (C) dissolution or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more in value of the assets, of either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank; or (D) a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; provided, however, that to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any tax penalty under Code Section 409A(a), a Change of Control shall be limited to a change "in the ownership or effective control" or "in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of Employer, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

(ii)Cause. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination because Executive: (A) continually fails to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, (B) is adjudged guilty of a felony, any crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust or any crime involving a breach of his or her fiduciary duties to the Employer; (C) is willfully and continually failing to comply with any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease and desist order of a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Employer; (D) commits a material act of dishonesty or disloyalty related to the business of the Employer, or (E) is unable to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to drug addiction or chronic alcoholism. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive, a copy of a resolution duly 

Page 6 of 14

adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Employers Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board called for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with their counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive was guilty of conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above) and specifying the conduct in detail.

(iii)Good Reason. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by Executive as a result of any material breach of this Agreement by Employer. Good Reason shall include, but not be limited to: (A) a material reduction in Executives compensation defined as a reduction equal to or greater than five percent (5%) of Executives then annual base salary; (B) a material reduction in Executives duties and responsibilities, but not merely a change in title; or (C) relocation of Executives primary workplace by more than fifty miles. Good Reason will only be deemed to occur if, within ninety days after a material reduction or change described above first occurs, the Executive provides notice to the Employer of the existence of Good Reason and of the Executives intended termination of employment due to Good Reason, and the Employer does not remove the Good Reason condition within ninety days after receiving such notice from the Executive. The Executives written notice must explain the basis on which the Executive believes Good Reason exists, the cure period, and the date on which the Executive intends to terminate employment, which must be no later than six months after the existence of the Good Reason. The provisions of Section 5.f.(iii) are intended to comply with the Good Reason safe harbor provisions of Code Section 409A and applicable regulations.

(iv)Total Disability.

For purposes of this Agreement, Total Disability shall mean a medically diagnosed physical or mental illness, existing for a period of six consecutive months, or for a total of six months within any twelve month period, and that renders Executive incapable of performing their essential job functions under this Agreement, even after the Executive has been accorded reasonable accommodation. Employers Board of Directors, acting in good faith, in accordance with applicable law, shall make the final determination of whether Executive is suffering under any Total Disability (as herein defined) and, for purposes of making such determination, may require Executive to submit themselves to a physical examination by a physician mutually agreed upon by the Executive and Employers Board of Directors at Employers expense.

(v)Termination from Employment. 

A termination from employment under this Agreement shall mean a Separation from Service as interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and generally meaning the date on which the Executive is no longer performing services for the Employer. The Executive shall not have a Separation from Service while on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or contract. A leave of 

Page 7 of 14

absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Executive will return to perform services. 

6.Limit on Severance Payment for Change of Control.

Notwithstanding anything above in Section 5.a., if the severance payment provided for in that Section, together with any other payments which the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), the severance payment shall be reduced. The reduction shall be in an amount so that the present value of the total amount received by the Executive from the Employer or its affiliates and subsidiaries will be two point nine-nine (2.99) times the Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the amounts received by the Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (excise tax). Insofar as permitted by the Code, Employer shall reduce those elements of the severance pay package specified by the Executive, provided, however, that Employer will not reduce the SERP credits provided for in Section 5.a.(ii). The determination as to whether any reduction in the severance payment is necessary shall be made by the Employer in good faith, and the determination shall be conclusive and binding on Executive. If through error or otherwise Executive should receive payments under this Agreement, together with other payments the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, in excess of two point nine-nine (2.99) times their base amount, Executive shall immediately repay the excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

7.Covenant Not To Compete.

a. As a material term of this Agreement and to protect the goodwill, proprietary and strategic information, and the business of Employer, and Employer's investment in the training and education of Executive about its business and related strategies, and in consideration for the special trust and position of confidence placed in the Executive as its Chief Credit Officer and Bank Economist regarding Employer's most competition-sensitive data, Executive agrees that for the term of this Agreement and for a period of nine months after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5.a. or 5.b., Executive will not directly or indirectly be employed by, own, manage, operate, support, join, or benefit in any way from any business activity within the State of Alaska that competes with Employers business (offers services or products of the same or similar nature of those offered by Employer) or reasonably anticipated business of which Executive has knowledge. For purposes of the foregoing, Executive will be deemed to be connected with such business if the business is carried on by: (A) a partnership in which Executive is a general or limited partner; or (B) a corporation of which Executive is a shareholder (other than a shareholder owning less than five percent (5%) of the total outstanding shares of the corporation), an officer, director, employee or consultant, whether paid or unpaid. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 7, the nine months non-compete period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of nine full months of non-competition by Executive.

Page 8 of 14

b. The parties agree that if a trial judge or arbitrator with jurisdiction over a dispute related to this Agreement should determine that the restrictive covenant set forth above is unreasonably broad, the parties authorize such trial judge or arbitrator to narrow the covenant so as to make it reasonable, given all relevant circumstances, and to enforce such covenant. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

8.Nondisclosure of Confidential Information.

a. During the term of Executives employment and thereafter, Executive agrees to hold Employers Confidential Information (as defined in Section 8.b.) in strict confidence, and not disclose or use it at any time except as authorized by Employer and for Employers benefit. If anyone tries to compel Executive to disclose any Confidential Information, by subpoena or otherwise, Executive agrees immediately to notify Employer so that Employer may take any actions it deems necessary to protect its interests. Executives agreement to protect Employers Confidential Information applies both during the term of this Agreement and after employment ends, regardless of the reason it ends.

b. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, any information in whatever form that Employer considers to be confidential, proprietary, information and that is not publicly or generally available relating to Employers: trade secrets (as defined by the Uniform Trade Secrets Act), know-how, concepts, methods, research and development; product, content and technology development plans; marketing plans; databases; inventions; research data and mechanisms, software (including functional specifications, source code and object code), procedures, engineering, purchasing, accounting, marketing, sales, customers, advertisers, joint venture partners, suppliers, financial status, contracts or employees. Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive, alone or with others, or entrusted to Employer by its customers or others.

9.Non-Solicitation.

During the course of Executives employment and for a period of nine months from the date of termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall not within the State of Alaska directly or indirectly solicit or entice any of the following to cease, terminate or reduce any relationship with Employer or to divert any business from Employer: (A) any person who was an employee of Employer during the one year period immediately preceding the termination of Executives employment; (B) any customer or client of Employer; or (C) any prospective customer or client of Employer from whom Executive actively solicited business within the last nine months of Executives employment. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 9, the nine month non-solicitation period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of nine uninterrupted months of non-solicitation by Executive.

10.Non-Disparagement. 

Executive will not, during the Term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or Executives employment, make disparaging statements, in any form, about 

Page 9 of 14

Employers officers, directors, agents, employees, products or services which Executive knows, or has reason to believe, are false or misleading. This Section 10 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Employers Board of Directors. Nothing in this Section 10 is intended to limit Executives legal right to make reports to or cooperate with any law enforcement or other government agency. 

11.Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate.

a. Except as provided in Section 11.b., in the event of a dispute or claim between Executive and Employer related to Executives employment or termination of employment, all such disputes or claims will be resolved exclusively by confidential arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). This means that the parties agree to waive their rights to have such disputes or claims decided in court by a jury. Instead, such disputes or claims will be resolved by an impartial AAA arbitrator whose decision will be final. 

b. The only disputes or claims that are not subject to arbitration are any claims by Executive for workers compensation or unemployment benefits, and any claim by Executive for benefits under an employee benefit plan that provides its own arbitration procedure. Also, Executive and Employer may seek equitable relief (such as an injunction or declaratory relief) in court in appropriate circumstances. Specifically, Executive recognizes that Employer does not have an adequate remedy at law to protect its business from Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, and therefore Employer shall be entitled to bring an action for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunctive relief pre-arbitration, in the event of any actual or threatened breach by Executive of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10. In such court proceeding, Employer shall not be required to post a bond or other security, and Employer may also be awarded actual damages caused by Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement as well as repayment of all or a portion of any severance that Employer previously paid to Executive. 

c. Except as provided by section 11.b., the arbitration procedure will afford Executive and Employer the full range of legal, equitable, and/or statutory remedies. Employer will pay all costs that are unique to arbitration, except that the party who initiates arbitration will pay the filing fee charged by AAA. Executive and Employer shall be entitled to discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate their claims, including access to essential documents and witnesses, as determined by the arbitrator and subject to limited judicial review. In order for any judicial review of the arbitrators decision to be successfully accomplished, the arbitrator will issue a written decision that will decide all issues submitted and will reveal the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. 

Page 10 of 14

12.Miscellaneous.

a. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to Executives employment with Employer, and is subject to modification or amendment only upon agreement in writing signed by both parties.

b. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties, except that Employers rights and obligations may not be assigned.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be modified so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision shall be severed from the Agreement to the extent it is unenforceable. All other provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain unaffected and shall remain in full force and effect.

d. In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, the party that substantially prevails shall be entitled to reimbursement of all expenses incurred in connection with such claim or dispute, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other professional fees. This paragraph shall apply to expenses incurred with or without suit, and in any judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including all appeals therefrom.

e. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement to either party shall be given by personal service (i.e., via hand delivery) or by depositing a copy of such notice in the United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the following address, or such other address as addressee shall designate in writing:

Employer: 

3111 C Street

Anchorage, AK 99503

Executive: 

Address on file with Northrim Bank Human Resources Department.

f. This Agreement shall in all respects, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, be governed by and construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Alaska.

Page 11 of 14

g. This Agreement (and all payments and other benefits provided under this Agreement and provided under any other agreement incorporated by reference) is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. To the extent Code Section 409A is applicable to such payments and benefits, the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. In the event that any provision of the Agreement would cause a benefit or amount provided hereunder to be subject to tax under the Internal Revenue Code prior to the time such amount is paid, such provision shall, without the necessity of further action by the signatories to this Agreement, be null and void as of the Effective Date. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), then to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable under this Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately following Executives Separation from Service for reasons other than Executives death (except those payments that may be exempt from or otherwise not subject to Code Section 409A, as determined by Employer in its reasonable, good faith discretion) will not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executives Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, Code Section 409A, and in no event will Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of any failure to comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A, or for any interest on account of any delay in payment deemed necessary to comply with Code Section 409A.

h. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no payment of any type or amount of compensation or benefits shall be made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to the extent that payment of such type or amount is restricted or prohibited by, is not permitted under, or has not received any required approval under, any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance, whether now in existence or hereafter adopted or imposed, including without limitation any provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or regulations promulgated thereunder, 12 USC 1828(k) or 12 CFR Part 359. In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer.

Page 12 of 14

i. Executive acknowledges and agrees as a condition to receipt of payments or any type or amount of compensation or benefits made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement that Executive shall comply with the terms of the Employers Compensation Recovery Policy (the Clawback Policy). In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer, including, without limitation, the Clawback Policy, to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer. Any right of recovery under the Clawback Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Employer under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Employer or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement.

Page 13 of 14

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANK

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE:

/s/Mark Edwards

Mark Edwards

Page 14 of 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>a105zins2025employmentcont.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.5

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into effective the 1st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Northrim Bank, a state-chartered commercial bank, with its principal office in Anchorage, Alaska (collectively, the Employer) and Amber Zins (the Executive).

In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1.Employment.

Employer employs Executive and Executive accepts employment with Employer as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Northrim Bank.

2.Term.

The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5, shall continue through December 31, 2025; provided, however, that on January 1, 2026, and each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless, not later than ninety days prior to any such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other that it does not wish to extend the Term. In the event the Term is not extended, Executive shall have no rights to any of the severance payments or benefits continuation described in Section 5 except as specifically provided for in Section 5.a. 

3.Duties.

The Executive will serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Northrim Bank. Executive shall render such executive, management and administrative services and perform such tasks in connection with the affairs and overall operation of the Employer as is customary for the Executives position, subject to the direction of Employers President and Chief Executive Officer, and Board of Directors. Executive shall devote necessary time, attention and effort to Employers business in order to properly discharge the Executives responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Compensation, Benefits, Reimbursement and Profit Sharing.

a.Base Salary.

In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of $329,935 as adjusted from time to time (Base Salary). The Board of Directors of the Employer shall review Executives salary each year, in a manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate with the Executives performance under this Agreement.

Page 1 of 13

b.Profit Sharing Plan. 

Under the Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Plan), Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual profit share based on performance as defined by the Board of Directors. Executive will be classified in the COO tier under the Plans Responsibility Factors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). 

c.Stock Incentive Plan. 

Executive shall be eligible for awards under the Employers Stock Incentive Plan. The type, timing and size of awards will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive compensation required to be recovered by the Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i). Executives signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer under the terms of the Clawback Policy (as defined in Section 12.i).

d.Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), and Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive an annual contribution equal to ten percent (10%) of annual Base Salary in accordance with the Employers SERP, as may be adjusted at the discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time. The Executive may also participate in the Employers Deferred Compensation Plan.

e.Other Benefits. 

Throughout the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to participate in health insurance, disability and other employee benefit plans and programs of Employer, as in effect from time to time, on a basis at least as favorable as that accorded to any other officer of Employer and to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans and programs.

f.Expenses. 

Employer shall reimburse Executive for the Executives reasonable expenses (including, without limitation: travel, entertainment, and similar expenses) incurred in performing and promoting the business of the Employer, subject to any limits of company policy and the rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (referred to throughout this Agreement as IRC or the Code). Executive shall present from time to time, itemized accounts and receipts of any such expenses as required by Employer and the Code.

5.Termination of Agreement.

a.Termination Due to a Change of Control. 

If (A) Employer (either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank) is subjected to a Change of Control (as defined in Section 5.f.(i)), and (B) either Employer or its assigns 

Page 2 of 14

terminates Executives employment without Cause (as defined in Section 5.f.(ii)) (either during the annual term of this Agreement or by refusing to extend this Agreement when the annual termination occurs every December 31) or Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason (as defined in Section 5.f.(iii)) within seven hundred and thirty days of such Change of Control, then Employer shall pay Executive: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; (ii) an amount equal to two times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years, and (iii) an amount equal to two times Executives average Profit Share paid in any of one of the prior three years. The amounts described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the date on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amounts described in clauses (ii), and (iii) herein shall be paid no later than forty-five calendar days after the day on which employment is terminated. No payment will be made pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) unless the Executive has signed an agreement, in a form acceptable to Employer, that releases and holds Employer harmless from all known and unknown claims and liabilities arising out of Executives employment with Employer or the performance of this Agreement (Release Agreement) and the Release Agreement has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of two years following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Code (commonly referred to as COBRA); provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of the Executives termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the two years following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.a.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in the first paragraph of Section 5.a. are paid to Executive.

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be 

Page 3 of 14

entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed the Executives responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

b.Termination by Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment without Cause, or if Executive terminates their employment for Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive in a lump sum: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; and (ii) an amount equal to one times Executives highest Base Salary paid in any one of the prior three years. The amount described in clause (i) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clause (ii) shall be paid on the first day of the month following a period of six months after the termination of employment, provided that the payment may be made sooner if either (A) the amount does not exceed the amount described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) (the IRC Safe Harbor) or (B) at the Executives election, the amount described in clause (ii), is reduced to fit within the IRC Safe Harbor. No payment will be made pursuant to clause (ii) unless the Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date. 

(i)Benefits Continuation. 

In addition, Executive shall be entitled to health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA ; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.b.(i)), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any amounts described in clause (i) of the first paragraph of Section 5.b are paid to Executive.

(ii)Age and Service Credit. 

Executive shall also be entitled to receive age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company 

Page 4 of 14

controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if Executive had performed their responsibilities as an executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.

c.Termination by Employer for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. 

If Employer terminates Executives employment for Cause or if Executive terminates their employment without Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive upon the effective date of such termination only such Base Salary earned and expenses reimbursable under this Agreement incurred through such termination date. In such case, Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination under this Agreement. 

If any disputed termination under Section 5.c. is subsequently determined to have been without Cause by Employer or with Good Reason by Executive, Executive's recovery shall be limited to those payments and benefits set out under Section 5.b.

d.Termination Due to Total Disability. 

If Executive shall have been unable to perform his duties due to a Total Disability (as defined in Section 5.f.(iv)), then Employer may at any time after the end of the applicable period of nonperformance terminate Executives employment, effective immediately, consistent with Employers obligation to provide a leave of absence and/or reasonably accommodate Executive under applicable laws, and Executive shall be entitled to: (A) all Base Salary earned and reimbursement for expenses incurred under this Agreement through the termination date; (B) full Base Salary for the one year following the termination date (less the amount of any payments received by Executive during such one year period under any Employersponsored disability plan); and (C) health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one year following the termination date, which benefits will be provided at Employers expense, but such period shall count towards the Employers continuation of coverage obligation under COBRA; provided, however, that if Employer determines in its sole discretion that its provision of COBRA or health or dental insurance benefits or any premium payments for such benefits cannot be made without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or incurring an excise or penalty tax, under either Section 105(h) of the Code or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, Employer will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue their group health coverage in effect on the date of their termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage) for the one year following the termination of employment (less the months, if any, for which any benefits or premium payments already made by the Employer pursuant to this Section 5.d), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will be paid at the same time any other amounts described in this Section 5.d are paid to Executive. The amount described in clause (A) shall be paid no later than three business days after the day on which employment is terminated or the next regular 

Page 5 of 14

payday, whichever is sooner. The amount described in clauses (B) and (C) shall be paid Executive in one lump sum the first day of the month following a period of six months after Executives employment was terminated, provided that Executive has signed a Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.

e.Termination Upon Death of Executive. 

Executives employment under this Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of Executive. In such case, the Employer shall be obligated to pay to the surviving spouse of Executive, or if there is none, to the Executives estate: (A) that portion of Executives Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive for the month in which their death occurred, and (B) any amounts due the Executive pursuant to the Northrim Bank Savings Incentive Plan (401-K) and the Plan, any supplemental deferred compensation plan, and any other death, insurance, employee benefit plan or stock benefit plan provided to Executive by the Employer, according to the terms of the respective plans.

f.Termination Definitions.

(i)Change of Control. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (A) one person or entity acquiring or otherwise becoming the owner of thirty percent (30%) or more of Employers outstanding common stock; (B) replacement of a majority of the incumbent directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank by directors whose elections have not been supported by a majority of the Board of Directors of either company, as appropriate; (C) dissolution or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more in value of the assets, of either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank; or (D) a change in the ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Employer, within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; provided, however, that to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any tax penalty under Code Section 409A(a), a Change of Control shall be limited to a change "in the ownership or effective control" or "in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of Employer, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

(ii)Cause. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination because Executive: (A) continually fails to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, (B) is adjudged guilty of a felony, any crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust or any crime involving a breach of his or her fiduciary duties to the Employer; (C) is willfully and continually failing to comply with any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease and desist order of a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Employer; (D) commits a material act of dishonesty or disloyalty related to the business of the Employer, or (E) is unable to substantially perform his or her duties with the Employer, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to drug addiction or chronic alcoholism. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive, a copy of a resolution duly 

Page 6 of 14

adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Employers Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board called for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with their counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive was guilty of conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above) and specifying the conduct in detail.

(iii)Good Reason. 

For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by Executive as a result of any material breach of this Agreement by Employer. Good Reason shall include, but not be limited to: (A) a material reduction in Executives compensation defined as a reduction equal to or greater than five percent (5%) of Executives then annual base salary; (B) a material reduction in Executives duties and responsibilities, but not merely a change in title; or (C) relocation of Executives primary workplace by more than fifty miles. Good Reason will only be deemed to occur if, within ninety days after a material reduction or change described above first occurs, the Executive provides notice to the Employer of the existence of Good Reason and of the Executives intended termination of employment due to Good Reason, and the Employer does not remove the Good Reason condition within ninety days after receiving such notice from the Executive. The Executives written notice must explain the basis on which the Executive believes Good Reason exists, the cure period, and the date on which the Executive intends to terminate employment, which must be no later than six months after the existence of the Good Reason. The provisions of Section 5.f.(iii) are intended to comply with the Good Reason safe harbor provisions of Code Section 409A and applicable regulations.

(iv)Total Disability.

For purposes of this Agreement, Total Disability shall mean a medically diagnosed physical or mental illness, existing for a period of six consecutive months, or for a total of six months within any twelve month period, and that renders Executive incapable of performing their essential job functions under this Agreement, even after the Executive has been accorded reasonable accommodation. Employers Board of Directors, acting in good faith, in accordance with applicable law, shall make the final determination of whether Executive is suffering under any Total Disability (as herein defined) and, for purposes of making such determination, may require Executive to submit themselves to a physical examination by a physician mutually agreed upon by the Executive and Employers Board of Directors at Employers expense.

(v)Termination from Employment. 

A termination from employment under this Agreement shall mean a Separation from Service as interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and generally meaning the date on which the Executive is no longer performing services for the Employer. The Executive shall not have a Separation from Service while on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or contract. A leave of 

Page 7 of 14

absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Executive will return to perform services. 

6.Limit on Severance Payment for Change of Control.

Notwithstanding anything above in Section 5.a., if the severance payment provided for in that Section, together with any other payments which the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), the severance payment shall be reduced. The reduction shall be in an amount so that the present value of the total amount received by the Executive from the Employer or its affiliates and subsidiaries will be two point nine-nine (2.99) times the Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of the amounts received by the Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (excise tax). Insofar as permitted by the Code, Employer shall reduce those elements of the severance pay package specified by the Executive, provided, however, that Employer will not reduce the SERP credits provided for in Section 5.a.(ii). The determination as to whether any reduction in the severance payment is necessary shall be made by the Employer in good faith, and the determination shall be conclusive and binding on Executive. If through error or otherwise Executive should receive payments under this Agreement, together with other payments the Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, in excess of two point nine-nine (2.99) times their base amount, Executive shall immediately repay the excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

7.Covenant Not To Compete.

a. As a material term of this Agreement and to protect the goodwill, proprietary and strategic information, and the business of Employer, and Employer's investment in the training and education of Executive about its business and related strategies, and in consideration for the special trust and position of confidence placed in the Executive as its Chief Operating Officer regarding Employer's most competition-sensitive data, Executive agrees that for the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5.a. or 5.b., Executive will not directly or indirectly be employed by, own, manage, operate, support, join, or benefit in any way from any business activity within the State of Alaska that competes with Employers business (offers services or products of the same or similar nature of those offered by Employer) or reasonably anticipated business of which Executive has knowledge. For purposes of the foregoing, Executive will be deemed to be connected with such business if the business is carried on by: (A) a partnership in which Executive is a general or limited partner; or (B) a corporation of which Executive is a shareholder (other than a shareholder owning less than five percent (5%) of the total outstanding shares of the corporation), an officer, director, employee or consultant, whether paid or unpaid. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 7, the one year non-compete period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one full year of non-competition by Executive.

Page 8 of 14

b. The parties agree that if a trial judge or arbitrator with jurisdiction over a dispute related to this Agreement should determine that the restrictive covenant set forth above is unreasonably broad, the parties authorize such trial judge or arbitrator to narrow the covenant so as to make it reasonable, given all relevant circumstances, and to enforce such covenant. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

8.Nondisclosure of Confidential Information.

a. During the term of Executives employment and thereafter, Executive agrees to hold Employers Confidential Information (as defined in Section 8.b.) in strict confidence, and not disclose or use it at any time except as authorized by Employer and for Employers benefit. If anyone tries to compel Executive to disclose any Confidential Information, by subpoena or otherwise, Executive agrees immediately to notify Employer so that Employer may take any actions it deems necessary to protect its interests. Executives agreement to protect Employers Confidential Information applies both during the term of this Agreement and after employment ends, regardless of the reason it ends.

b. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, any information in whatever form that Employer considers to be confidential, proprietary, information and that is not publicly or generally available relating to Employers: trade secrets (as defined by the Uniform Trade Secrets Act), know-how, concepts, methods, research and development; product, content and technology development plans; marketing plans; databases; inventions; research data and mechanisms, software (including functional specifications, source code and object code), procedures, engineering, purchasing, accounting, marketing, sales, customers, advertisers, joint venture partners, suppliers, financial status, contracts or employees. Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive, alone or with others, or entrusted to Employer by its customers or others.

9.Non-Solicitation.

During the course of Executives employment and for a period of one year from the date of termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall not within the State of Alaska directly or indirectly solicit or entice any of the following to cease, terminate or reduce any relationship with Employer or to divert any business from Employer: (A) any person who was an employee of Employer during the one year period immediately preceding the termination of Executives employment; (B) any customer or client of Employer; or (C) any prospective customer or client of Employer from whom Executive actively solicited business within the last one year of Executives employment. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 9, the one year non-solicitation period shall be extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of one uninterrupted year of non-solicitation by Executive.

10.Non-Disparagement. 

Executive will not, during the Term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or Executives employment, make disparaging statements, in any form, about 

Page 9 of 14

Employers officers, directors, agents, employees, products or services which Executive knows, or has reason to believe, are false or misleading. This Section 10 does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to Employers Board of Directors. Nothing in this Section 10 is intended to limit Executives legal right to make reports to or cooperate with any law enforcement or other government agency. 

11.Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate.

a. Except as provided in Section 11.b., in the event of a dispute or claim between Executive and Employer related to Executives employment or termination of employment, all such disputes or claims will be resolved exclusively by confidential arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). This means that the parties agree to waive their rights to have such disputes or claims decided in court by a jury. Instead, such disputes or claims will be resolved by an impartial AAA arbitrator whose decision will be final. 

b. The only disputes or claims that are not subject to arbitration are any claims by Executive for workers compensation or unemployment benefits, and any claim by Executive for benefits under an employee benefit plan that provides its own arbitration procedure. Also, Executive and Employer may seek equitable relief (such as an injunction or declaratory relief) in court in appropriate circumstances. Specifically, Executive recognizes that Employer does not have an adequate remedy at law to protect its business from Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, and therefore Employer shall be entitled to bring an action for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunctive relief pre-arbitration, in the event of any actual or threatened breach by Executive of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10. In such court proceeding, Employer shall not be required to post a bond or other security, and Employer may also be awarded actual damages caused by Executives breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement as well as repayment of all or a portion of any severance that Employer previously paid to Executive. 

c. Except as provided by section 11.b., the arbitration procedure will afford Executive and Employer the full range of legal, equitable, and/or statutory remedies. Employer will pay all costs that are unique to arbitration, except that the party who initiates arbitration will pay the filing fee charged by AAA. Executive and Employer shall be entitled to discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate their claims, including access to essential documents and witnesses, as determined by the arbitrator and subject to limited judicial review. In order for any judicial review of the arbitrators decision to be successfully accomplished, the arbitrator will issue a written decision that will decide all issues submitted and will reveal the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. 

Page 10 of 14

12.Miscellaneous.

a. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to Executives employment with Employer, and is subject to modification or amendment only upon agreement in writing signed by both parties.

b. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties, except that Employers rights and obligations may not be assigned.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be modified so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision shall be severed from the Agreement to the extent it is unenforceable. All other provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain unaffected and shall remain in full force and effect.

d. In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, the party that substantially prevails shall be entitled to reimbursement of all expenses incurred in connection with such claim or dispute, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other professional fees. This paragraph shall apply to expenses incurred with or without suit, and in any judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including all appeals therefrom.

e. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement to either party shall be given by personal service (i.e., via hand delivery) or by depositing a copy of such notice in the United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the following address, or such other address as addressee shall designate in writing:

Employer: 

3111 C Street

Anchorage, AK 99503

Executive: 

Address on file with Northrim Bank Human Resources Department.

f. This Agreement shall in all respects, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, be governed by and construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Alaska.

Page 11 of 14

g. This Agreement (and all payments and other benefits provided under this Agreement and provided under any other agreement incorporated by reference) is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. To the extent Code Section 409A is applicable to such payments and benefits, the parties intend that this Agreement (and such payments and benefits) comply with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. In the event that any provision of the Agreement would cause a benefit or amount provided hereunder to be subject to tax under the Internal Revenue Code prior to the time such amount is paid, such provision shall, without the necessity of further action by the signatories to this Agreement, be null and void as of the Effective Date. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), then to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable under this Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately following Executives Separation from Service for reasons other than Executives death (except those payments that may be exempt from or otherwise not subject to Code Section 409A, as determined by Employer in its reasonable, good faith discretion) will not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executives Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employer makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, Code Section 409A, and in no event will Employer be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of any failure to comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A, or for any interest on account of any delay in payment deemed necessary to comply with Code Section 409A.

h. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no payment of any type or amount of compensation or benefits shall be made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to the extent that payment of such type or amount is restricted or prohibited by, is not permitted under, or has not received any required approval under, any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance, whether now in existence or hereafter adopted or imposed, including without limitation any provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or regulations promulgated thereunder, 12 USC 1828(k) or 12 CFR Part 359. In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer.

Page 12 of 14

i. Executive acknowledges and agrees as a condition to receipt of payments or any type or amount of compensation or benefits made or owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement that Executive shall comply with the terms of the Employers Compensation Recovery Policy (the Clawback Policy). In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or policy or plan of Employer, including, without limitation, the Clawback Policy, to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to Employer. Any right of recovery under the Clawback Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Employer under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Employer or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement.

Page 13 of 14

EMPLOYER:

NORTHRIM BANK

By: /s/Krystal M. Nelson

Krystal M. Nelson

Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE:

/s/Amber Zins

Amber Zins

Page 14 of 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nrim-20250101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nrim-20250101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nrim-20250101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information Document

Jan. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 01, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Northrim BanCorp, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001163370

Amendment Flag false

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code AK

Entity File Number 0-33501

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-0175752

Entity Address, Address Line One 3111 C Street,

Entity Address, City or Town Anchorage,

Entity Address, State or Province AK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 99503

City Area Code 907-

Local Phone Number 562-0062

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.northrim.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nrim-20250101.htm 
nrim-20250101.xsd 
nrim-20250101_lab.xml 
nrim-20250101_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001163370-25-000002-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>nrim-20250101_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001163370 

2025-01-01 
2025-01-01 

0001163370 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-01 
Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 
AK 
0-33501 
92-0175752 
3111 C Street, 
Anchorage, 
AK 
99503 
907- 
562-0062 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>