<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-029169.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-029169.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407080011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-029169
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250406
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			reAlpha Tech Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859199
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				863425507
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41839
		FILM NUMBER:		25816386

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6515 LONGSHORE LOOP #100
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6146337155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6515 LONGSHORE LOOP #100
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ReAlpha Asset Management Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210427
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237313-8k_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185919900018591992025-04-062025-04-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (date
of earliest event reported): April 6, 2025

reAlpha Tech Corp.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41839 86-3425507

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

6515 Longshore Loop,
Suite 100

Dublin, Ohio43017

(Address of principal
executive offices and zip code)

(707) 732-5742

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share AIRE The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Warrant Inducement
Transaction

On
April 6, 2025, reAlpha Tech Corp. (the Company) entered into inducement offer letter agreements (the Inducement Letters)
with certain holders (the Holders) of existing warrants of the Company to purchase up to an aggregate of 4,218,751 shares
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), having an original exercise price of $5.00
per share, which was subsequently adjusted to $1.44 per share pursuant to the anti-dilution provision included in such existing warrants,
issued to the Holders on November 24, 2023, with a current expiration date of November 24, 2028 (the Existing Warrants).

Pursuant
to the Inducement Letters, the Holders agreed to exercise for cash their Existing Warrants at a reduced exercise price of $0.75 per share
(the Reduced Exercised Price) in consideration for the Companys agreement to issue in a private placement new common
stock purchase warrants (the New Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 8,437,502 shares of Common Stock (the New
Warrant Shares), as described below (the Offering). In connection with the Offering and as a result of the consent
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Existing Warrants (based on the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing
Warrants), thereby providing the consent of the holders required to modify the terms of the Existing Warrants pursuant to the terms thereof,
the Company also agreed to reduce the exercise price of the Existing Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,114,582 shares of Common Stock
for all holders of the Existing Warrants not participating in the Offering to the Reduced Exercise Price for the remaining term of the
Existing Warrants.

The
closing of the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Inducement Letters (the Closing Date) is expected to occur on or
about April 8, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company expects to receive aggregate gross proceeds
of approximately $3.1 million from the exercise of the Existing Warrants by the Holders, before deducting placement agent fees and other
Offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and for general corporate purposes.

The
Company engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Wainwright) to act as its exclusive warrant solicitation agent in connection
with the transactions summarized above. The Company agreed to pay Wainwright a cash fee equal to 5.0% of the gross proceeds received from
the Holders exercise of their Existing Warrants pursuant to that certain engagement letter, by and between the Company and Wainwright,
dated as of March 24, 2025 (the Engagement Letter). Pursuant to the Engagement Letter, the Company also agreed to reimburse
Wainwright for its reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the Offering in an
amount up to $50,000.

The
issuance and resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants has been registered pursuant to an existing registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284234), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on January 21, 2025.

The Company has agreed to file a registration statement providing for
the resale of the New Warrant Shares (the Resale Registration Statement) within 30 calendar days of April 6, 2025 (the Filing
Date), and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC
within 60 calendar days following April 6, 2025 (or 90 calendar days following April 6, 2025 if the SEC notifies the Company that it will
review the Resale Registration Statement) (the Effectiveness Date) and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective
at all times until the earlier of when (i) the Holders no longer own any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares or (ii) the New Warrant Shares
are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in
compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions. In the event that the Resale Registration Statement is not filed by the Filing Date or declared effective by the SEC by
the Effectiveness Date, then, on the Filing Date or the Effectiveness Date, as applicable (each, an Event Date), and on
each monthly anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement has not been filed or declared effective by the applicable
Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company also agreed to pay to each holder of New
Warrants an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied by the aggregate exercise price of
the New Warrants held by each holder of the New Warrants. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages in full within seven
(7) days after the date payable, then, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Inducement Letters, the Company will pay interest
thereon at a rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to
the holders of the New Warrants, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such
interest thereon, are paid in full.

1

Pursuant
to the Inducement Letters, the Company agreed not to issue any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents or to file any other
registration statement or amendment or supplement to an existing registration statement with the SEC (in each case, subject to certain
exceptions) until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date. The Company has also agreed not to effect or agree to effect any Variable Rate
Transaction (as defined in the Inducement Letters) until one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the Closing Date.

The exercise of the New Warrants and issuance of the New Warrant Shares
is subject to stockholder approval (the Stockholder Approval) in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) of The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq). The Company agreed to either hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders or file an information
statement on or prior to June 7, 2025, for the purpose of obtaining such Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys
board of directors (the Board) that such proposal is approved. In connection with the required Stockholder Approval, Giri
Devanur, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, and Michael J. Logozzo, the Companys Chief Operating Officer and President,
each entered into a Voting Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2025 (each, a Voting Agreement). Pursuant to the Voting Agreements,
Mr. Devanur and Mr. Logozzo each agreed to vote all his shares of Common Stock owned or held of record by him at each annual or special
meeting of stockholders (and at every adjournment or postponement thereof) at which the Stockholder Approval is sought, in favor of such
Stockholder Approval. To the extent that the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting of stockholders, the Company
agreed to call a meeting of stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the Stockholder Approval every sixty (60) days thereafter until
such time the Stockholder Approval has been obtained or the New Warrants are no longer outstanding.

Terms of the New
Warrants

Duration
and Exercise Price. Each New Warrant will have an exercise price equal to $0.75 per share. The New Warrants will be exercisable at
any time on or after the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law until November 24, 2028.
The exercise price and number of New Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants is subject to appropriate adjustment in
the event of stock dividends, stock splits, subsequent rights offerings, pro rata distributions, reorganizations, or similar events affecting
the Common Stock and the exercise price.

Exercisability.
The New Warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part, by delivering a duly executed notice of exercise
accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares of Common Stock purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of a cashless
exercise as discussed below). A holder (together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of such holders New Warrants
to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the outstanding Common Stock immediately
after exercise, except that upon prior notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase or decrease the amount of ownership
of outstanding stock after exercising the holders New Warrants up to 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the New Warrants,
provided that any increase will not be effective until sixty-one (61) days following notice to the Company.

Cashless
Exercise. If, at the time a holder exercises its New Warrants, a registration statement registering the resale of the New Warrant
Shares by the holder under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) is not then effective or available,
then in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate exercise price,
the holder may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part), the net number of shares of Common Stock determined
according to a formula set forth in the New Warrants.

2

Rights
as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in the New Warrants or by virtue of the holders ownership of shares of Common
Stock, such holder of New Warrants does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of Common Stock, including any voting rights, until
such holder exercises such holders New Warrants. The New Warrants provide that the holders of the New Warrants have the right to
participate in distributions or dividends paid on shares of Common Stock.

Fundamental
Transactions. If at any time the New Warrants are outstanding, the Company, either directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the New Warrants), then, upon any subsequent exercise of the New Warrants,
the holder of the New Warrants will be entitled to receive, for each New Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if the Company is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration receivable as a result of the Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which the New Warrants are exercisable immediately prior to the Fundamental
Transaction. In the event of a Fundamental Transaction, and at the holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or
within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction), the Company shall purchase the unexercised portion of the New Warrants from the holder by paying to the holder
an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined in the New Warrants) of the remaining unexercised portion of the New Warrants
on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction.

Voluntary
Exercise Price Adjustment. The exercise price of the New Warrants may be reduced at any time deemed appropriate by the Board, subject
to Nasdaqs rules and regulations.

Waivers
and Amendments. The New Warrants may be modified or amended, or the provisions of the New Warrants waived with the Companys
and the holders written consent.

The
forms of New Warrants, Inducement Letter and Voting Agreement are attached as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1 and 10.2, respectively. The descriptions
of the terms of the New Warrants, Inducement Letters and Voting Agreements are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to such exhibits. The Inducement Letters contain customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company
which were made only for the purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such
agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
New Warrants and New Warrant Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and were offered pursuant to the exemption from
registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

The
description of the New Warrants under Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.03 Material
Modifications to Rights of Security Holders.

The
disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 3.03 in its
entirety.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On
April 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the transactions described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press release
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

3

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Form of Warrant.

10.1 Form of Inducement Letter.

10.2 Form of Voting Agreement.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 7, 2025 REALPHA TECH CORP.

By: /s/ Giri Devanur

Giri Devanur

Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023731301ex4-1_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

reAlpha
Tech Corp.

Warrant Shares: _______ Issue Date: _______, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on November
24, 2028 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from reAlpha Tech Corp., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in
Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Letter Agreement
means that certain letter agreement between the initial Holder hereof and the Company, dated as of April __, 2025, pursuant to which such
initial Holder agreed to exercise one or more warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock and the Company agreed to issue to the initial
Holder this Warrant.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder Approval
means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any successor entity) from
the stockholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise thereof.

Stockholder Approval
Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

Subsidiary
means any significant subsidiary of the Company as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated pursuant to the Securities
Act.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

2

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Letter Agreement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or
in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company
of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the
Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the
Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by
wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section
2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has
purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of
Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of
Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder
in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder and the
Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall
deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by
acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.75, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

3

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time
by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares for the deemed
surrender of the Warrant in whole or in part equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to
Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours, or with two (2) hours after the
close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the
date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2)
hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in
all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and
if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the
Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The
Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a
participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares
by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the
Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the
Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all
corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that
is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

5

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is
solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

6

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay
all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or
another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant
Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

7

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the
written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be [4.99%][9.99%] of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this
Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification.

b)[Reserved].

9

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to (but without duplication of) any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the
Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the
Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all or substantially all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, except
to the extent an adjustment was already made pursuant to Section 3(a), the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of
Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such
Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to
participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the
Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

10

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person other than one or more related
transactions in which the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any merger or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with
or into an operating company or asset of another Person that is a business synergistic with the business of the Company and where
the valuation of such merger or consolidation or amalgamation is 20% or less of the then market capitalization based on the average
of the five VWAPs immediately prior to the public announcement of such transaction of the Company, (ii) the Company or any
Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such
other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate
Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If
holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the
Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with,
or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the
Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such
Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control,
including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any
Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised
portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders
of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any
consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the
Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained
from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the
time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date,
(B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) the 30 day volatility, (2) the 100 day volatility, (3) the 365 day volatility
or (4) 100%, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction,
(C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(e),
(D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire
transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the
Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume
in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this
Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such
Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such
Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such
Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and
after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and
severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and
power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
prior thereto under this Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and
severally, had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the
provisions of this Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the
issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

11

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by e-mail a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by
e-mail to the Holder at its last e-mail address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar
days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to
be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date
as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is
expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or
in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of
the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

12

h) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of
directors of the Company.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all
rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or
denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of
this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in
full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the
Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

13

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the
Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial
Exercise Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of
this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current
public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the
Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel, the form and substance of
which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require
registration under the Securities Act.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any
exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as
expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no
event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

14

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the
Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if
mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

15

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or
with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall
commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have
restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to
cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate
proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights,
powers or remedies hereunder.

16

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 6515 Longshore Loop, Suite 100, Dublin, Ohio 43017, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, e-mail
address: notices@realpha.com, or such other e-mail address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the
Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail
address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next
Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth
in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or
contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such
notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

17

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of
Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

reAlpha
Tech Corp.

By: 

Name:

Title:

19

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: reAlpha
Tech Corp. 

[notices@realpha.com]

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if
any.

(2)Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

E-mail Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: ___________________ 

Holders Address: ____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023731301ex10-1_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDUCEMENT LETTER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

reAlpha
Tech Corp.

April 6, 2025

Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Re: Inducement Offer to Exercise Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Dear Holder:

reAlpha Tech Corp. (the Company)
is pleased to offer to you (Holder, you or similar terminology) the opportunity to exercise
all of the warrants (CUSIP 75607T 113) issued on November 24, 2023 (the Existing Warrant(s)) set forth on the signature
page hereto currently held by you (the Holder). The issuance of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants
(the Existing Warrant Shares) has been registered pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284234)
(the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing
Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement, will be effective for the issuance of the Existing Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the New Warrants (as defined herein).

In consideration for exercising
in full, all of the Existing Warrants held by you and set forth on the signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise)
at a reduced exercise price of $0.75 per share (the Reduced Exercise Price), the Company hereby offers to issue you
new unregistered Common Stock purchase warrants (the New Warrants) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, to purchase up to such
number of shares (the New Warrant Shares) of Common Stock equal to 200% of the number of Existing Warrant Shares
issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise hereunder. The New Warrants shall have an exercise price per share equal to $0.75, subject to
adjustment as provided in the New Warrants, will be exercisable at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date and have a term
that expires on November 24, 2028, which New Warrants shall be substantially in the form as set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

The New Warrant certificate(s)
will be delivered at the Closing (as defined below), and such New Warrants, together with any New Warrant Shares, will, unless and until
their sales are registered under the Securities Act, contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical for an unregistered
warrant and unregistered shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that any Warrant Exercise would otherwise
cause the Holder to exceed the beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation) set forth in Section
2(e) of the Existing Warrants (or, if applicable and at the Holders election, 9.99%), the Company shall only issue such number
of Existing Warrant Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Existing Warrant Shares permitted
thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance to be held in abeyance until notice from the Holder that the balance (or portion
thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations, which abeyance shall be evidenced through the Existing Warrants which shall
be deemed prepaid thereafter (including the cash payment in full of the exercise price), and exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise
in the Existing Warrants (provided no additional exercise price shall be due and payable). The parties hereby agree that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation for purposes of the Existing Warrants is as set forth on the Holders signature page hereto.

Expressly subject to the paragraph immediately following this paragraph
below, Holder may accept this offer by signing this letter agreement below, with such acceptance constituting Holders exercise
in full of the Existing Warrants for an aggregate exercise price set forth on the Holders signature page hereto (the Warrant
Exercise Price) on or before 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 6, 2025 (the Execution Time).

Additionally, the Company
hereby makes the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex A attached hereto. Holder represents and
warrants that, as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any New Warrants it will be, an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive
legends when issued, and neither the New Warrants nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be registered
under the Securities Act, except as provided in Annex A attached hereto. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it
is acquiring the New Warrants as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other
persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Warrants or the New Warrant Shares (this representation is not limiting
Holders right to sell the New Warrant Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

The Holder understands that
issuance of the New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities
laws of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to
the following:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

2

Certificates evidencing the
New Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above), (i) while a registration statement covering the
resale of such New Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant to
Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (iii) if such New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of
the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule
144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such New Warrant Shares may be sold
under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants) and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities
Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
and the earliest of clauses (i) through (v), the Delegend Date)). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a
legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required by the Company and/or the Transfer Agent to effect the
removal of the legend hereunder, or if at the request of the Holder, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Holder, subject to the receipt of a duly executed certificate of representations of the Holder in customary form. From and after
the Delegend Date, such New Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Delegend Date or
at such time as such legend is no longer required under this paragraph, it will, no later than one (1) Trading Day following the delivery
by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend
(such first (1st) Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), together with such other letters of representation as the
Company may reasonably request in customary form, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares
that is free from all restrictive and other legends or, at the request of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holders prime
broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the Holder. 

In addition to the Holders
other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Holder, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of New Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such New Warrant Shares are submitted to the Transfer
Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after
such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend
and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date a certificate
representing the New Warrant Shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date the Holder
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all
or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of
the number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount
equal to the excess of the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) over the product
of (A) such number of New Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date and for which
the Holder was required to purchase shares to timely satisfy delivery requirements, multiplied by (B) the weighted average price at which
the Holder sold that number of shares of Common Stock. 

3

If this offer is accepted by the holders of at least a majority of
the current outstanding Existing Warrants (based on the number of Existing Warrant Shares underlying the Existing Warrants) and the transaction
documents are executed by the Execution Time, then as promptly as possible following the Execution Time, but in any event no later than
8:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Trading Day following the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission disclosing all material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including the filing with the Commission of this letter agreement as an exhibit thereto
within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the dissemination of such press release, the Company represents to you that
it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company, or any of its respective officers,
directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. In addition, effective upon the dissemination
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates on the one hand, and you and your Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company represents, warrants and covenants
that, upon acceptance of this offer, the Existing Warrant Shares shall be issued at the Closing free of any legends or restrictions on
resale by Holder. 

No later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date of the public disclosure of the transactions hereunder, the closing (the Closing)
shall occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Placement
Agent), settlement of the Existing Warrant Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
(i.e., on the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue the Existing Warrant Shares registered in the Holders name
and address provided to the Company in writing and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified
by the Holder; upon receipt of such Existing Warrant Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Existing Warrant
Shares to the Holder, and payment therefor shall concurrently be made to the Company by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by
wire transfer to the Company). The date of the Closing of the Warrant Exercise shall be referred to as the Closing Date.

The Holder also acknowledges
and agrees that as a part of this transaction, at the Closing, the Company shall reduce the exercise price of the Existing Warrants for
all holders of the Existing Warrants not participating in this transaction to the Reduced Exercise Price for the remaining term of the
Existing Warrants.

4

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the obligations of the Holders under this letter agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other holder
or holders of Existing Warrants or other warrants of the Company (each, an Other Holder) under any other agreement
related to the exercise of such warrants (Other Warrant Exercise Agreement), and the Holder shall not be responsible
in any way for the performance of the obligations of any Other Holder or under any such Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. Nothing contained
in this letter agreement, and no action taken by the Holders pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holder and the Other Holders
as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Holder and the Other Holders
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement
and the Company acknowledges that the Holder and the Other Holders are not acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations
or the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement or any Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. The Company and the Holder confirm
that the Holder has independently participated in the negotiation of the transactions contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel
and advisors. The Holder shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights
arising out of this letter agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any Other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding
for such purpose.

The Company shall pay all
transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Existing Warrant Shares. This
letter agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regards to conflicts of
laws principles. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby.

On or prior to the date of
this letter agreement, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Holder the duly executed written agreements, in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto, of Giri Devanur and Michael J. Logozzo, together representing the owners of over 50.1% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement, to vote all shares
of Common Stock over which such Persons own and/or have voting control as of the record date for the meeting of stockholders (and any
adjournment or postponement thereof) of the Company at which the Stockholder Approval is sought, in favor of such Stockholder Approval.

5

Sincerely yours,

reAlpha Tech Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Holder Signature Page Follows]

6

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Number of Existing Warrants: __________________

Aggregate Warrant Exercise Price at the Reduced
Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously with signing this letter agreement: _________________

Existing Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker:
4.99% or 9.99%

New Warrants: _______________ (200% of the total
Existing Warrant Shares being issued)

New Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 
4.99% or 9.99%

DTC Instructions:

[Holder signature page to AIRE Inducement Offer]

7

Annex A

Representations, Warranties
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder:

a) SEC
Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company
under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter
period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not currently an issuer identified in Rule
144(i) under the Securities Act.

b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this letter agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this letter agreement by
the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders in connection
herewith other than the Stockholder Approval. This letter agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to
the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

c) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests,
other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit
facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of
any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the
Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is
bound or affected, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations
of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this letter agreement.

8

d) Registration
Obligations. As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 30 calendar days of the date of this letter agreement) (the
Filing Date), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including
on Form S-1, if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares by the holders of the New Warrants
(the Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration
Statement to become effective within sixty (60) calendar days following the date hereof (or within 90 calendar days following the date
hereof in case of full review of such registration statement by the Commission) (the Effectiveness Date)
and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until the earlier of (i) the time that no holder of the New Warrants
owns any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares or (ii) the New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise
of the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under
Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed
questionnaire in the form attached as Annex B hereto within ten (10) calendar days following the date hereof (a Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire). In the event that the Resale Registration Statement is not (i) filed by the Filing Date or (ii)
declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date, then, in addition to any other rights the holders of New Warrants may
have hereunder or under applicable law, on the Filing Date or the Effectiveness Date (each such date being referred to herein as an Event
Date) and on each monthly anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement shall not have been filed or
declared effective by the applicable Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company
shall pay to each holder of New Warrants an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product
of 1.0% multiplied by the aggregate exercise price of the New Warrants held by each holder of the New Warrants. If the Company
fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will
pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the
holders of the New Warrants, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest
thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any
portion of a month prior to the Resale Registration Statement being filed or declared effective, as the case may be.

e) Trading
Market. Except for as related to the Stockholder Approval, the transactions contemplated under this letter agreement comply with
all the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

9

f) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this letter agreement, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to this letter agreement, (ii) the submission of a Nasdaq Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this letter agreement, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, if required, (iv) such filings as
are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (v) Stockholder Approval.

g) Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the New Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further
agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application
all of the New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the New Warrant Shares to be listed or
quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the
listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing
and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use best efforts to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer. In addition, the Company shall either hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders or file an information
statement as soon as possible after the date hereof and no later than June 7, 2025 for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval,
with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies
from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting,
the Company shall call a meeting every sixty (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which
Stockholder Approval is obtained or the New Warrants are no longer outstanding.

10

h) 

Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i) From
the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (A) issue, enter into any agreement
to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (B) file any registration statement
or any amendment or supplement to any existing registration statement (other than the Resale Registration Statement referred to herein
or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section (h)(i)
shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock
or equity awards to employees, consultants, officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to any stock or option plan
duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee
of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, provided
that such securities issued to consultants are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration
rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in this Section
(h)(i), (b) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this letter agreement and any securities upon
exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent, if any, securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued
hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on
the date of this letter agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this letter agreement to increase
the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in
connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions
or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of
any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in this Section (h)(i), and provided that any such issuance
shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or
an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

(ii) From
the date hereof until 180 days following the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company nor any Subsidiary of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof)
involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues
or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional
shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies
with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business
of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not
limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future
determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement
is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, following the expiration of the restrictive period set forth
in Section (h)(i) above, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering with the
Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

i) Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. If required, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares
as required under Regulation D. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to
obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder at the Closing under applicable
securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon
request of any Holder.

11

Annex B Form of Selling Stockholder
Questionnaire

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial
owner of securities of reAlpha Tech Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that the Company intends
to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration
Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), of the shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issuable upon exercise of certain warrants
issued on April [], 2025 (the Registrable Securities) issued pursuant to the letter agreement, dated April
[], 2025, between the Company and the undersigned (the Inducement Offer Letter).

Certain legal consequences
arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial
owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or
not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling
Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration
Statement. 

The undersigned hereby provides the following information
to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities
are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone
or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

12

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Telephone:

Email:

Contact Person:

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for
investment banking services to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions
staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities
in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements
or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions
staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities
of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except as set forth below in this
Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable
pursuant to the Inducement Offer Letter.

(a) Please
list the type (common stock, warrants, etc.) and amount of all other securities of the Company
beneficially owned1 by the Selling Stockholder:

1 Beneficially Owned: 
A beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding,
relationship or otherwise has or shares (i) voting power, including the power to direct the voting of such security,
or (ii) investment power, including the power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, such security. 
In addition, a person is deemed to have beneficial ownership of a security of which such person has the right to acquire
beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days, including, but not limited to, any right to acquire such security: (i) through
the exercise of any option, warrant or right, (ii) through the conversion of any security or (iii) pursuant to the power to
revoke, or the automatic termination of, a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement.

It is possible that a security may have
more than one beneficial owner, such as a trust, with two co-trustees sharing voting power, and the settlor or another third
party having investment power, in which case each of the three would be the beneficial owner of the securities in the trust. 
The power to vote or direct the voting, or to invest or dispose of, or direct the investment or disposition of, a security may be indirect
and arise from legal, economic, contractual or other rights, and the determination of beneficial ownership depends upon who ultimately
possesses or shares the power to direct the voting or the disposition of the security.

The final determination of the existence
of beneficial ownership depends upon the facts of each case. You may, if you believe the facts warrant it, disclaim beneficial ownership
of securities that might otherwise be considered beneficially owned by you.

13

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither
you nor (if you are a natural person) any member of your immediate family, nor (if you are not a natural person) any of your affiliates2,
officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position
or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

By signing below, the undersigned
agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of an event that would cause the utilization of the Registration
Statement by the undersigned to violate U.S. or state securities laws, such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Company securities
under the Registration Statement until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the applicable prospectus (as it may have
been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the prospectus may be resumed
as promptly as is practicable.

In order to accommodate the
needs of the Selling Stockholders, the Company is providing this questionnaire to the Selling Stockholders several weeks prior to the
anticipated effective date of the registration statement. ACCORDINGLY, THE UNDERSIGNED AGREES TO IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY THE COMPANY
IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OF THE INFORMATION SET FORTH HEREIN SHOULD CHANGE PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT.

In addition, the undersigned
agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent
to the date hereof at any time that the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required
to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 

2 Affiliate: 
An affiliate is a company or person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls you, or is
controlled by you, or is under common control with you.

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned,
by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized
agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND
EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO: 

Gabriel Miranda at Mitchell Silberberg &
Knupp LLP, the Companys outside legal counsel, at gabriel.miranda@msk.com. 

15

Exhibit A 

Form of New Warrant

[See Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K of reAlpha Tech Corp., filed with the SEC on April 7, 2025]

16

Exhibit B 

Form of Voting Agreement

[See Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on
Form 8-K of reAlpha Tech Corp., filed with the SEC on April 7, 2025]

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023731301ex10-2_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

April ___, 2025

Re: Offering (as defined below) by reAlpha Tech Corp. (the Company)

To Whom It May Concern:

The undersigned irrevocably
agrees with the Company to vote all of the shares of Companys voting stock over which the undersigned or any Affiliate of the undersigned
(or any person in privity with the undersigned or any Affiliate of the undersigned) have voting control in favor of any resolution presented
to the stockholders of the Company on Stockholder Approval. This letter agreement (this Letter Agreement) is delivered
to the Company in connection with the Companys warrant inducement transaction (the Offering) for which Offering
H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Placement Agent) is acting as exclusive placement agent of the Company. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the New Warrants (as defined in the Inducement Agreement).

The undersigned acknowledges
that the execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement is a material inducement to the Company to complete the Offering
and a material inducement to the Placement Agent to place the Offering and the Placement Agent shall be a third party beneficiary of this
Letter Agreement and the Company shall be entitled to specific performance of the undersigneds obligations hereunder.

For purposes herein, the Inducement
Agreement means the letter agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and the holders signatory thereto
for the exercise and issuance securities in the Offering.

This Letter Agreement may
not be amended or otherwise modified in any respect without the written consent of each of the Company, the Placement Agent and the undersigned.
This Letter Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws.

This letter is intended for
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

By: 

Name of Shareholder:

Number of voting shares over which I have voting control:______________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023731301ex99-1_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

reAlpha Tech Corp. Announces Exercise of Warrants
for $3.1 Million Gross Proceeds

DUBLIN, Ohio, April 7, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
reAlpha Tech Corp. (Nasdaq: AIRE) (the Company or reAlpha), a real estate technology company developing and
commercializing artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, today announced the entry into definitive agreements for the
immediate exercise of certain outstanding warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 4,218,751 shares of common stock of the Company originally
issued in November 2023, having an exercise price of $1.44 per share, at a reduced exercise price of $0.75 per share. The shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are registered pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-284234).
The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the warrants are expected to be approximately $3.1 million, prior to deducting
placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses.

H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive
placement agent for the offering.

In consideration for the immediate exercise of
the warrants for cash, the Company will issue new unregistered warrants to purchase up to 8,437,502 shares of common stock. The new warrants
will have an exercise price of $0.75 per share, will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance
of the shares issuable upon exercise of the new warrants and will expire on November 24, 2028.

The offering is expected to close on or about
April 8, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
for general working capital purposes.

The new warrants described above were offered
in a private placement pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act) and, along with the shares of common stock issuable upon their exercise, have not been registered under the
1933 Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The Company has agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering
the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the new warrants.

In connection with the offering, the Company is
reducing the exercise price for all outstanding November 2023 warrants to purchase 8,333,333 shares of common stock, including the November
2023 warrants to purchase up to 4,218,751 shares of common stock referred to above, such that all outstanding November 2023 warrants have
a reduced exercise price of $0.75 per share.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About reAlpha
Tech Corp.

reAlpha Tech Corp. (Nasdaq: AIRE) is a real estate
technology company developing an end-to-end commission-free homebuying platform. Utilizing the power of AI and an acquisition-led growth
strategy, reAlphas goal is to offer a more affordable, streamlined experience for those on the journey to homeownership. For more
information, visit www.realpha.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

The information in this
press release includes forward-looking statements. Any statements other than statements of historical fact contained herein,
including statements as to the completion of the offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offering, the
receipt of stockholder approval and the intended use of net proceeds from the offering, are forward-looking statements. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, might,
plan, possible, project, strive, budget, forecast,
expect, intend, will, estimate, anticipate, believe,
predict, potential or continue, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar
terminology. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: reAlphas
ability to pay contractual obligations; reAlphas liquidity, operating performance, cash flow and ability to secure adequate financing;
reAlphas limited operating history and that reAlpha has not yet fully developed its AI-based technologies; whether reAlphas
technology and products will be accepted and adopted by its customers and intended users; reAlphas ability to commercialize its
developing AI-based technologies; reAlphas ability to successfully enter new geographic markets; reAlphas ability to integrate
the business of its acquired companies into its existing business and the anticipated demand for such acquired companies services;
reAlphas ability to scale its operational capabilities to expand into additional geographic markets and nationally; the potential
loss of key employees of reAlpha and of its subsidiaries; the outcome of certain outstanding legal proceedings against reAlpha; reAlphas
ability to obtain, and maintain, the required licenses to operate in the U.S. states in which it, or its subsidiaries, operate in, or
intend to operate in; reAlphas ability to successfully identify and acquire companies that are complementary to its business model;
reAlphas ability to commercialize its developing AI-based technologies; the inability to maintain and strengthen reAlphas
brand and reputation; any accidents or incidents involving cybersecurity breaches and incidents; the inability to accurately forecast
demand for short-term rentals and AI-based real estate-focused products; the inability to execute business objectives and growth strategies
successfully or sustain reAlphas growth; the inability of reAlphas customers to pay for reAlphas services; the inability
of reAlpha to obtain additional financing or access the capital markets to fund its ongoing operations on acceptable terms and conditions;
the outcome of any legal proceedings that might be instituted against reAlpha; changes in applicable laws or regulations, and the impact
of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment; and other risks and uncertainties indicated
in reAlphas SEC filings. Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements
are made and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ
materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Although reAlpha believes that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. reAlphas
future results, level of activity, performance or achievements may differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements, and there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part,
as those set out in the forward-looking statements. For more information about the factors that could cause such differences, please refer
to reAlphas filings with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and reAlpha does
not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, except as required by law.

Investor Relations Contact:

Adele Carey, VP of Investor Relations

investorrelations@realpha.com

Media Contact:

Fatema Bhabrawala, Director of Public Relations

fbhabrawala@allianceadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aire-20250406.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>aire-20250406_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>aire-20250406_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41839

Entity Registrant Name reAlpha Tech Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001859199

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3425507

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6515 Longshore Loop

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Dublin

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 43017

City Area Code 707

Local Phone Number 732-5742

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol AIRE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://realpha.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aire-20250406.xsd 
aire-20250406_lab.xml 
aire-20250406_pre.xml 
ea0237313-8k_realpha.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-029169-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0237313-8k_realpha_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001859199 

2025-04-06 
2025-04-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001859199 
8-K 
2025-04-06 
reAlpha Tech Corp. 
DE 
001-41839 
86-3425507 
6515 Longshore Loop 
Suite 100 
Dublin 
OH 
43017 
707 
732-5742 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
AIRE 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>