<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030039.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030039.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331181620
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TECHPRECISION CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001328792
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED STRUCTURAL METAL PRODUCTS [3440]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41698
		FILM NUMBER:		25795503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 BELLA DRIVE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01473
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-874-0591

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 BELLA DRIVE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01473

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Techprecision CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOUNSBERRY HOLDINGS II INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050531
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510966d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000132879200013287922025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2025

TECHPRECISION CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-41698 51-0539828

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

1 Bella Drive

Westminster, MA01473

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area
code: (978) 874-0591

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2b under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of
exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share TPCS Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On March
31, 2025, TechPrecision Corporation (the Company) announced that the Board of Directors (the Board)
of the Company appointed Phillip E. Podgorski to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective March 31, 2025 (the Transition
Date). As a result of Mr. Podgorskis appointment, Barbara M. Lilley stepped down as the Companys Interim Chief
Financial Officer and will retain her position as Controller of Ranor, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, effective on the
Transition Date.

As previously
announced, the Board also appointed Ms. Lilley to serve as the Companys principal financial officer and principal accounting officer.
Ms. Lilley will continue to serve as the Companys principal financial officer and principal accounting officer for a transition
period while Mr. Podgorski settles into his new role at the Company. The transition period will end on the next business day following
the filing of the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024, at which time Mr. Podgorski
will take over the functions of principal financial officer and principal accounting officer from Ms. Lilley.

Mr.
Podgorski, 59, was the Chief Financial Officer for the RTX Technology Research Center (RTRC), a division of RTX
Corporation (RTX), a public aerospace and defense company, since 2013. While at RTX, he was responsible for all
GAAP, SEC and government accounting and reporting related aspects for the RTRC. Mr. Podgorski was also responsible for strategic and
scenario planning in collaboration with other stakeholders at RTX, including long-range plans and annual operating budgets. Mr. Podgorksi
has an MBA and Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Western New England University.

There are
no family relationships between or among Mr. Podgorski and any director or other executive officer of the Company, and Mr. Podgorski has
no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction or proposed transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K.

On March
16, 2025, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Podgorski (the Employment Agreement), with an
effective date as of the Transition Date and which governs Mr. Podgorskis employment as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Podgorski will: (i) receive an annual base salary of $265,000, which shall be increased by $10,000 annually
on each of the first two anniversaries of the Transition Date; (ii) receive a relocation bonus of $50,000 payable upon Mr. Podgorski relocating
to a reasonable commuting distance from the Companys headquarters, provided that such relocation is completed within six months
of the Transition Date and he remains employed with the Company through the six months following the Transition Date, (iii) receive a
guaranteed bonus of $60,000 subject to certain conditions of employment set forth in the Employment Agreement, and (iv) receive a grant
in the amount of $180,000 of restricted shares of the Companys common stock (based on the closing price of the Companys
stock on the Transition Date) pursuant to the TechPrecision Corporation 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, which shall vest in
equal amounts annually for three years following the Transition Date. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Podgorski also will be
eligible to participate in Company benefits provided to other senior executives as well as benefits available to Company employees generally.

In addition
to the compensation arrangements described above, the Employment Agreement contains customary provisions (i) prohibiting Mr. Podgorski
from using or divulging to third parties confidential information or trade secrets of the Company (ii) confirming that all intellectual
work products generated by Mr. Podgorski during the term of his employment with the Company are the sole property of the Company
and (iii) prohibiting Mr. Podgorski from competing against the Company, including by soliciting the Companys employees or its current
or prospective clients, until the one year anniversary of the termination of his employment. The Employment Agreement has an indefinite
term and each of Mr. Podgorski and the Company may terminate the Employment Agreement upon the giving of written notice.

The foregoing
description of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD.

On March
31, 2025, the Company issued a press release publicly announcing the appointment of Mr. Podgorski. A copy of such press release is being
furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.

The information
presented in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the accompanying press release shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to
the liabilities of that section, unless the Company specifically states that the information is to be considered filed under
the Exchange Act or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange
Act.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibit is furnished herewith:

Exhibit Number 

Description

10.1* Employment Agreement, dated March 16, 2025 and effective as of March 31, 2025, by and between TechPrecision Corporation and Phillip E. Podgorski 

99.1 Press Release, dated March 31, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document)

* Certain provisions of this Exhibit have been
redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) and/or Item 601(b)(10(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC
or its staff an unredacted copy of this Exhibit upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

TECHPRECISION CORPORATION

Date: March 31, 2025 

By: /s/ Alexander Shen

Alexander Shen

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510966d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN
INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITEM 601(A)(6) OF REGULATION S-K DUE TO PERSONAL PRIVACY CONCERNS OR
ITEM 601(b)(10)(IV) AS IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) OF THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. INFORMATION
THAT HAS BEEN SO REDACTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN MARKED WITH [***] TO INDICATE THE OMISSION.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is made as of March 16, 2025 to be effective as of March 31, 2025 (the Effective Date),
between TechPrecision Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Phillip Podgorski (the Employee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to employ the Employee as its Chief Financial Officer and the Employee desires to accept such position and to be so employed by the Company;
and

WHEREAS, the parties desire
to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions of the Employees employment with the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, terms, provisions and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby
agree as follows:

1.Employment. Commencing on the Effective Date, the Company agrees to employ the Employee during the Term specified in Section
2 hereof, and the Employee agrees to accept such employment, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

2.Term. The Company hereby employs the Employee, and the Employee hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth commencing on the Effective Date and continuing in effect until termination of this Agreement in
accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement (the Term).

3.Duties and Responsibilities.

a.During the Term, the Employee shall serve as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company, who shall be the
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company.

b.The Employees powers, duties and responsibilities shall initially consist of such powers, duties and responsibilities as
are customary to the office of CFO of a company and division similar in size and stature to the Company. The Employee shall report to
the Companys Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Employee
shall not be required to perform any act which would constitute or require the violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation,
ordinance or the like.

1 

c.The Employee shall devote not less than an average of forty (40) hours per week to carrying out the Employees duties hereunder
and to the business of the Company and its affiliates, and during the Term the Employee agrees that the Employee will (i) devote the Employees
best efforts and the Employees skill and ability to the performance of the Employees duties hereunder; (ii) carry out the
Employees duties in a competent and professional manner; and (iii) generally promote the interests of the Company and its affiliates.
During the Term it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Employee to serve on civic or charitable boards or committees, to
perform speaking engagements, or to manage the Employees personal passive investments, so long as such activities (individually
or collectively) do not interfere with the performance of the Employees responsibilities as an employee of the Company.

4.Compensation. As compensation for services hereunder and in consideration of the Employees agreement not to compete
as set forth below, the Company shall pay to the Employee the following:

a.The Company shall pay the Employee a relocation bonus of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) (the Relocation Bonus),
which shall be paid upon the Employee relocating to a reasonable commuting distance of the Companys headquarters, provided that
such relocation is completed within six (6) months of the Effective Date. The Relocation Bonus is an advanced payment and is earned by
Employee only if Employee remains in active service with the Company through the first six (6) months of the Effective Date. If the Employees
active service with the Company ends without Good Reason prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Effective Date of employment, the
full Relocation Bonus shall be subject to recoupment and repayment to the Company within twenty (20) business days of the Separation Date
(as defined below).

b.The Company shall pay the Employee an initial base salary at the annual rate of Two Hundred and Sixty-Five Thousand Dollars ($265,000.00),
less applicable taxes and withholdings (the Base Salary). The Base Salary shall be paid in equal installments in accordance
with the normal payroll policies of the Company. The Employees Base Salary under this Agreement shall be increased to Two Hundred
and Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($275,000.00) on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and to Two Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand
Dollars ($285,000.00) on the second anniversary of the Effective Date. Thereafter, the Employees Base Salary under this Agreement
may be increased by order of the CEO, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board) or the full
Board, as appropriate and at their discretion.

c.Employee shall be entitled to a guaranteed first year bonus payment of Sixty Thousand Dollars ($60,000.00) (the Initial
Annual Bonus) conditioned upon: Employee must be actively employed by the Company at the time the Initial Annual Bonus is paid
to earn the bonus. Payment shall be made in the pay period after March 31, 2026.

d.As soon as reasonably practicable following the date hereof and subject to Board approval, the Company shall grant $180,000 worth
of restricted shares of the Companys common stock based on the last trade price of the Companys common stock on the Effective
Date (the Restricted Shares) pursuant to TechPrecisions 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time
to time (the Plan). Once granted, provided that the Employee remains employed by the Company from the Effective Date
through the applicable vesting dates, one-third (1/3) of the Restricted Shares shall vest on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries
of the Effective Date; provided that in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) while the Employee is employed by the
Company, all outstanding, unvested Restricted Shares shall become fully vested on the effective date of such Change in Control, subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

2 

5.Expenses; Fringe Benefits.

a.The Company agrees to pay or to reimburse the Employee during the Term for all reasonable, ordinary and necessary business expenses
incurred in the performance of the Employees services hereunder in accordance with the policies of the Company as are from time
to time in effect. The Employee, as a condition to obtaining such payment or reimbursement, shall provide to the Company any and all statements,
bills or receipts evidencing the travel or out-of-pocket expenses for which the Employee seeks payment or reimbursement, and any other
information or materials required by such Company policy or as the Company may otherwise from time to time reasonably require.

b.During the Term the Employee and, to the extent eligible, the Employees dependents, shall be entitled to participate in
and receive all benefits under any welfare benefit plans and programs provided by the Company (including without limitation, medical,
dental, disability, group life (including accidental death and dismemberment) and business travel insurance plans and programs) applicable
generally to the employees of the Company, subject, however, to the generally applicable eligibility and other provisions of the various
plans and programs in effect from time to time.

c.During the Term the Employee shall be entitled to participate in all retirement plans and programs (including without limitation
any profit sharing/40l(k) plan) applicable generally to the employees of the Company, subject, however, to generally applicable eligibility
and other provisions of the various plans and programs in effect from time to time. In addition, during the Term the Employee shall be
entitled to receive fringe benefits and perquisites in accordance with the plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company from
time to time in effect, available generally to the executive officers of the Company and consistent with the generally applicable guidelines
determined by the Board.

d.The Employee shall be entitled to five (5) weeks PTO per year and such holidays as are in accordance with the Companys
policy then in effect for its employees generally, upon such terms as may be provided of general application to all employees of the Company.

6.Termination.

a.By Death or Disability. The Employees employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the death of the Employee
or the Employees inability to perform his duties under this Agreement due to a mental or physical condition that can be expected
to last for a continuous period of 120 days or more or for 120 days in any 180 consecutive day period.

b.By Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Employees employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at
any time by giving written notice to the Employee. Cause shall mean: (i) the Employees failure or refusal
to perform the Employees material duties and responsibilities or the Employees repeated failure or refusal to follow lawful
and reasonable directives of the Board or the CEO; (ii) the willful misappropriation by the Employee of the funds, business opportunities,
or property of the Company or its affiliates; (iii) the commission by the Employee of any willful or intentional act, which the Employee
should reasonably have anticipated would reasonably be expected to have the effect of injuring the reputation, business or business relationships
of the Company or its affiliates; (iv) use of alcohol to excess or illegal drugs, continuing after written warning from the Board; or
(v) any breach by the Employee of this Agreement, provided that, in the event that the breach is curable, Employee shall be provided ten
(10) business days from the date of written notice from the Company of the breach in which to cure the breach and, upon such cure, the
breach shall be deemed remedied.

3 

c.By Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Employees employment hereunder at any time without Cause
(for avoidance of doubt, excluding death, resignation, or mutual consent). The Employee agrees that the Company may dismiss the Employee
under this Section 6(c) without regard to (i) any general or specific policies (whether written or oral) of the Company relating to the
employment or termination of its employees, or (ii) any statements made to the Employee, whether made orally or in writing, which pertain
to the Employees relationship with the Company.

d.By Resignation without Good Reason. The Employee may terminate his employment with the Company at any time upon thirty (30)
calendar days prior written notice to the Company.

e.By Resignation with Good Reason. The Employee may terminate employment with the Company for Good Reason (as defined below).
Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events, provided that the Employee shall give the
Company written notice within twenty (20) business days following the initial occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason, describing
the event that the Employee claims to be Good Reason and stating that the Employee intends to terminate his employment unless the Company
takes appropriate corrective action, and further provided that the Company shall have thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of the
written notice from the Employee in which to take appropriate action, which if not taken, the Good Reason shall be deemed to have occurred
at the end of such thirty (30) days period: (i) A material decrease in the Employees Base Salary, Annual Bonus, and/or benefits
that is not part of a general decrease in base salary, bonuses, and/or benefits for substantially all of the Companys senior executives;
(ii) a failure by the Company to pay material compensation or benefits due and payable to the Employee in connection with his employment;
or (iii) a material change in the Employees duties, authority, or responsibilities such that the Employees duties are no
longer consistent with those of a CFO of the Company.

f.By Mutual Consent. The Employee and the Company may terminate this Agreement by written mutual consent pursuant to the terms
as agreed upon between the parties.

g.Officer and Director Status. Upon the Employees termination of employment for any reason, the Employee agrees that
he shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all officer and director positions, if any, the Employee may then hold with the Company
or any of its affiliated entities. This Agreement itself shall constitute confirmation of any such resignation without the need for further
documentation.

h.Payment upon Termination. Except as set forth in Section 7, upon termination of the Employees employment with the
Company for any reason (in any case, the date that the Employees employment by the Company terminates is referred to as the Separation
Date), the Company shall have no further obligation to make or provide to the Employee, and the Employee shall have no further
right to receive or obtain from the Company, any payments or benefits except for (i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary, Bonus, &
PTO through the Separation Date, payable promptly (but in any case no later than thirty (30) days following the Separation Date) and (ii)
any reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Employee on or before the Separation Date that are payable pursuant to and
in accordance with Section 5 hereof; provided that the payments set forth herein shall be subject to appropriate offsets (as permitted
by applicable law) for debts or money due to the Company, including without limitation personal loans to the Employee and travel advances,
without further obligation to the Employee, and the Employee expressly authorizes the deduction of the same.

4 

i.Separation from Service. References to termination of employment or similar terms hereunder shall mean a separation
of service with the meaning of Code Section 409A.

j.Surrender of Records and Property. Upon termination of the Employees employment with the Company for any reason,
or at the Companys earlier request, the Employee shall deliver promptly to the Company originals and all copies of all records,
manuals, books, blank forms, documents, letters, memoranda, notebooks, reports, data, tables, or calculations, including notes relating
to the same, whether in tangible or electronic format or media, which are the property of the Company or which relate in any way to the
business, products, practices or techniques of the Company, and all other property, trade secrets and confidential information of the
Company, including, but not limited to, all office keys, security cards, credit cards, office equipment, computer hardware and software,
Company products and prototypes, and all documents or electronic records which in whole or in part contain any trade secrets or confidential
information of the Company, which in any of these cases are in the Employees possession or under the Employees control.
The Employee may not retain any copies of the documents referred to in this Section 6(j). To the extent that the Employee has downloaded
or stored any proprietary, privileged, confidential or trade secret information belonging to the Company or its related entities on any
personal, non-Company electronic media in the Employees possession, custody, or control, such as computers, cell phones, hand-held
devices, back-up devices, zip drives, and the like, the Employee agrees to promptly contact the Company to arrange for transfer of such
documents and information back to the Company and for destruction of such documents and information on the Employees personal electronic
media.

k.Survival. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement or the Employees employment hereunder, the Employee shall
remain bound by the provisions of this Agreement which specifically relate to periods, activities, or obligations upon or subsequent to
the termination of the Employees employment.

l.Employment. The Employee agrees and understands that nothing in this Agreement shall give the Employee any right to continued
employment by the Company, and it will not interfere in any way with the Employees right or Companys right to terminate
the Employees employment at any time.

7.Severance Benefit. If the Employees employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Employee with
Good Reason on or after the six (6) month anniversary of the Effective Date, in addition to the amounts set forth in Section 6(h), and
subject to the material conditions set forth herein, including but not limited to the Employee executing, not revoking, and complying
with the terms of a general release substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (subject to modifications necessary by the
Company, including but not limited those necessary to comply with applicable law or to reflect any changes arising out of any merger,
consolidation, reorganization, name change or similar transaction with respect to the Company)(the Release) and the post-employment
obligations set forth in this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Employee a severance benefit (each as Severance Benefit,
as applicable) as follows within fifteen (15) business days of the expiration of any revocation period set forth in the Release:

5 

a.If the Employees employment terminates on a Separation Date that is on or after the six (6) month anniversary of the Effective
Date but prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the Effective Date, the Company will continue to pay the Employee his Base Salary in
effect as of the Separation Date, less applicable taxes and withholding, for a period of six (6) months following the Separation Date.

b.If the Employees employment terminates on a Separation Date that is on or after the one (1) year anniversary of the Effective
Date but prior to the two (2) year anniversary of Effective Date, the Company will continue to pay the Employee his Base Salary in effect
as of the Separation Date, less applicable taxes and withholding, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Separation Date.

c.If the Employees employment terminates on a Separation Date that is on or after the two (2) year anniversary of the Effective
Date, the Company will (i) continue to pay the Employee his Base Salary in effect as of the Separation Date for a period of twelve (12)
months following the Separation Date; and (ii) in the final payment to the Employee, the Company will include a lump sum payment equivalent
to the Employees Annual Base Salary for the last full fiscal year of the Employees employment. Each such payment in (i)
and (ii) shall be less applicable taxes and withholding.

d.Upon termination of employment, all unvested Restricted Shares and unvested options will best immediately as of the Separation
Date, or the Company can opt to pay out the value of the unvested Restricted Shares and options, based on the last trade price of the
Companys common stock on the Separation Date.

8.Non-Competition and Protection of Confidential Information.

a.The Employee agrees that the Employees services to the Company are of a special, unique, extraordinary and intellectual
character and the Employees position with the Company places the Employee in a position of confidence and trust with the employees
and customers of the Company and its affiliates. Consequently, the Employee agrees that it is reasonable and necessary for the protection
of goodwill, intellectual property, trade secrets, designs, proprietary information and business of the Company that the Employee make
the covenants contained herein. Accordingly, the Employee agrees that, during the period of the Employees employment hereunder
and for the period of one (1) year immediately following the termination of the Employees employment hereunder, the Employee shall
not, directly or indirectly:

i.own, operate, manage or be employed or engaged by or otherwise affiliated with any of the following entities or any of their respective
affiliates (with the term affiliates meaning any person or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with,
any of the following listed entities or any of their successors or assigns, whether by ownership of equity interests, by contract or by
whatsoever other means), or any of their respective successors and/or assigns:

A. [***];

B. [***];

C. [***];

D. [***];

E. [***];

F. [***];

G. [***];

H. [***];

I. [***];

J. [***];

K. [***];

L. [***];
and

M. [***].

6 

ii.attempt in any manner to solicit from any customer or supplier business of the type performed for or by the Company or persuade
any customer or supplier of the Company to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which any such customer or supplier
has customarily done or contemplates doing with the Company, whether or not the relationship between the Company and such customer or
supplier was originally established in whole or in part through the Employees efforts; or

iii.employ as an employee or retain as a consultant, or persuade or attempt to persuade any person who is at the date of termination
of the Employees employment with the Company or at any time during the preceding year was an employee of or exclusive consultant
to the Company to leave the Company or to become employed as an employee or retained as a consultant by anyone other than the Company.

iv.As used in this Section 8, the term: customer and supplier shall mean any person or entity that is
a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of termination of the Employees employment with the Company, or at any time during
the preceding year was a customer or supplier of the Company.

b.However, the Employees obligations under Section 8(a)(i) shall cease to be in effect in the event that the Company terminates
the Employees employment with the Company for a reason other than Cause, or employee terminates his employment for Good Reason.

c.The Employee acknowledges that the Employee has been advised of the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement
and that this Agreement was provided to the Employee at least 10 business days before this Agreement is to be effective or, in the event
that it was not provided to the Employee at least 10 business days before this Agreement is to be effective, the Employee shall have ten
(10) business days after the Agreement was first provided to him during which time the Employee may revoke this Agreement. Such a revocation
shall be considered a Resignation without Good Reason.

d.The Employee agrees that the Employee will not at any time (whether during the Term or after termination of this Agreement for
any reason), disclose to anyone, any confidential information or trade secret of the Company or utilize such confidential information
or trade secret for Employees own benefit, or for the benefit of third parties, and all memoranda or other documents compiled by
the Employee or made available to the Employee during the Term pertaining to the business of the Company shall be the property of the
Company and shall be delivered to the Company on the date of termination of the Employees employment with the Company or at any
other time, as reasonable, upon request. The term confidential information or trade secret does not include any information
which (i) becomes generally available to the public other than by breach of this provision, or (ii) is required to be disclosed by law
or legal process.

e.If the Employee commits a breach or threatens to commit a breach of any of the provisions of Sections 8(a) or (b) hereof, the Company
shall have the right to cease any further payments to the Employee under Section 7 hereof and to have the provisions of this Agreement
specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction without being required to post bond or other security and without having to prove
the inadequacy of any other available remedies, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach will cause irreparable injury to
the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. In addition, the Company may take all such other
actions and seek such other remedies available to it in law or in equity and shall be entitled to such damages as it can show it has sustained
by reason of such breach.

7 

f.The parties acknowledge that the type and periods of restriction imposed in the provisions of Sections 8(a) and (b) hereof are
fair and reasonable and are reasonably required for the protection of the Company and the goodwill associated with the business of the
Company; and that the time, scope, geographic area and other provisions of this Section 8 have been specifically negotiated by sophisticated
parties and accordingly it is reasonable that the restrictive covenants set forth herein are not limited by narrow geographic area. If
any of the covenants in Sections 8(a) or (b) hereof, or any part thereof, is hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable, it is
the intention of the parties that the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, which shall be given full effect,
without regard to the invalid portions. If any of the covenants contained in Section 8(a) or (b), or any part thereof, is held to be unenforceable
because of the duration of such provision or the area covered thereby, the parties agree that the court making such determination should
reduce the duration and/or areas of such provision such that, in its reduced form, said provision shall then be enforceable. The parties
intend to and hereby confer jurisdiction to enforce the covenants contained in Sections 8(a) and (b) upon the courts of any jurisdiction
within the geographical scope of such covenants. In the event that the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions shall hold such
covenants wholly unenforceable by reason of the breadth of such time, scope or geographic area, it is the intention of the parties hereto
that such determination not bar or in any way affect the Companys right to the relief provided above in the courts of any other
jurisdiction within the geographical scope of such covenants, as to breaches of such covenants in such other respective jurisdictions,
the above covenants as they relate to each jurisdiction being, for this purpose, severable into diverse and independent covenants.

g.For purposes of Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to include the Company and each of
its subsidiaries and affiliates.

9.Intellectual Property. During the Term, the Employee will disclose to the Company all ideas, inventions, advertising campaigns,
designs, logos, slogans, processes, operations, products or improvements which may be patentable or copyrightable or subject to any trade
or service mark or name, and business plans developed by the Employee during such period, either individually or in collaboration with
others, which relate to the business of the Company (Intellectual Property). The Employee agrees that such Intellectual
Property will be the sole property of the Company and that the Employee will at the Companys request and cost do whatever is reasonably
necessary to secure the rights thereto by patent, copyright, trademark or otherwise to the Company.

10.Non-Disparagement. The Employee will not make to any person or entity any defamatory or libelous oral, written and/or electronic
statements about the Company, or its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, or their respective officers, directors, employees and agents,
or do anything which damages the Company or its or any of their services, reputation, goodwill, financial status, or business, customer,
or client relationships; provided that the Employee retains the right to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to make
true statements in connection with the proper exercise of such rights. The Company will not authorize any defamatory or libelous oral,
written and/or electronic statements regarding the Employee or any actions which damages the Employee or his reputation, status, or business,
customer, or client relationships; provided that the Company retains the right to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
to make true statements in connection with the proper exercise of such rights.

11.Enforceability. The failure of either party at any time to require performance by the other party of any provision hereunder
shall in no way affect the right of that party thereafter to enforce the same, nor shall it affect any other partys right to enforce
the same, or to enforce any of the other provisions in this Agreement; nor shall the waiver by either party of the breach of any provision
hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of such provision or as a waiver of the provision itself.

12.Government Agencies. Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement limits the Employees right to file a charge with, to participate in
a proceeding by, to give testimony to, or to communicate with a court, legislative body, administrative agency, government agency, or
government official, including without limitation the Securities and Exchange Commission or the National Labor Relations Board. Nothing
in this Agreement shall be interpreted to prevent or prohibit the Employee from filing a charge or complaint with, or providing truthful
and accurate information to, a federal, state, or local governmental agency that is responsible for enforcing a law or regulation on behalf
of the government, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, about a suspected
violation of law or regulation or from cooperating with or participating in the governments investigation or proceedings thereon.
In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall impair or prevent the Employee from seeking or receiving a
benefit or remedy pursuant to Section 922 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act or a monetary award or bounty from any
governmental agency or regulatory or law enforcement authority in connection with protected whistleblower activity.

13.Assignment. This Agreement is binding on and is for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs,
executors, administrators and other legal representatives. Neither this Agreement nor any right or obligation hereunder may be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, the Company may
assign its rights and obligations under the Agreement without written consent in connection with the sale or other transfer of all or
substantially all of the Companys business (whether by way of sale of stock, assets, merger or otherwise).

14.Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be void and unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding upon the parties with the same effect as though
the void or unenforceable part had been severed and deleted.

15.Life Insurance. The Employee agrees that the Company shall have the right to obtain life insurance on the Employees
life, at the Companys sole expense and with the both the Company and the Employees designated beneficiary as equal beneficiaries
thereof to that end, the Employee shall (a) cooperate fully with the Company in obtaining such life insurance, (b) sign any necessary
consents, applications and other related forms or documents and (c) take any reasonably required medical examinations.

16.Notice. Any notice, request, instrument or other document to be given under this Agreement by either party hereto to the
other shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective (a) upon personal delivery, if delivered by hand, (b) three (3) days after the
date of deposit in the mails, postage prepaid, if mailed by certified or registered mail, or (c) on the next business day, if sent by
a prepaid overnight courier service, and in each case addressed as follows:

8 

If to the Employee: 

Phillip Podgorski

[***]

[***]

If to the Company: TechPrecision Corporation

1 Bella Drive

Westminster, MA 01473

Attention: CEO

Any party may change the address to which notices
are to be sent by giving notice of such change of address to the other party in the manner herein provided for giving notice.

17.No Conflict. The Employee represents and warrants that the Employee is not subject to any agreement, instrument, order,
judgment or decree of any kind, or any other restrictive agreement of any character, which would prevent the Employee from entering into
this Agreement or which would be breached by the Employee upon the performance of the Employees duties pursuant to this Agreement.

18.Section 409A Compliance. The following rules shall apply, to the extent necessary, with respect to distribution of the payments
and benefits, if any, to be provided to the Employee under this Agreement.

a.This Agreement is intended to be exempt from or to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (to
the extent applicable) (Section 409A) and the parties hereto agree to interpret, apply and administer this Agreement
in the least restrictive manner necessary to comply therewith and without resulting in any increase in the amounts owed hereunder by the
Company.

b.Neither the Employee nor the Company shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any such payments or benefits
except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A.

c.The determination of whether and when the Employees separation from service from the Company has occurred shall be made
in a manner consistent with, and based on the presumptions set forth in, Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-l(h) (or any successor provision).
Solely for purposes of this Section, Company shall include all persons with whom the Company would be considered a single
employer as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-l(h)(3) (or any successor provision).

d.All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements
of Section 409A to the extent that such reimbursements or in-kind benefits are subject to Section 409A, including, where applicable, the
requirements that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the Employees lifetime (or during a shorter period of time
specified in this Agreement), (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement during a calendar year may not affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last
day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred and (iv) the right to reimbursement is not subject to set
off or liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.

9 

e.Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall have no liability to the Employee or to any other person if
the payments and benefits provided in this Agreement that are intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A are not so exempt
or compliant.

19.Miscellaneous.

a.The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only, and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement.

b.The Company may withhold from any amount payable under this Agreement such federal, state or local taxes as shall be required to
be withheld pursuant to applicable law or regulation.

c.This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Any action arising out of the breach or threatened breach of this Agreement shall be commenced in a state court of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts and the parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of enforcing this Agreement,
and irrevocably waive any defense or objection to venue in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts based on the doctrine of forum non conveniens
or any other grounds.

d.This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the Company and the Employee with respect to the subject matter hereof,
and all prior agreements relating to the employment of the Employee, written or oral, are nullified and superseded hereby.

e.This Agreement may not be orally canceled, changed, modified or amended, and no cancellation, change, modification or amendment
shall be effective or binding, unless in writing and signed by both parties to this Agreement, and any provision hereof may be waived
only by an instrument in writing signed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought.

f.As used in this Agreement, any gender includes a reference to all other genders and the singular includes a reference to the plural
and vice versa.

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: EMPLOYEE:

TECHPRECISION CORPORATION /s/ Phillip Podgorski 

Phillip Podgorski

By: /s/ Alexander Shen 

Alexander Shen 

Chief Executive Officer 

11 

EXHIBIT A

GENERAL RELEASE

This General Release of All
Claims is made as of __________________ (General Release), by and between _____________________ (the Executive
or you) and TechPrecision Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company). Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings provided in the Employment Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Executive are parties to an Employment Agreement dated as of March __, 2025 (the Employment Agreement);

WHEREAS, the effectiveness
of this General Release is a condition precedent to the Severance Benefit of ___________________________ (the Severance Benefit),
as set forth in Section 7 of the Employment Agreement; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the Company and the Executive agree as follows:

1.Release.

A.Except for the Excluded Claims (as defined below), as a condition precedent to receipt of the Severance Benefit, you hereby
release the Company and each entity which is controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company (Other Entities),
and each of the Company and each of the Other Entities direct and indirect parents, members subsidiaries, successors, predecessors,
partners, investors, portfolio companies, and affiliates, and each of such entities officers, directors, agents, servants, employees,
partners, members, managers, attorneys, shareholders, successors, and assigns (the Released Parties), of and from
any and all claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities and obligations
of every kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, arising out of or in any way related
to agreements, events, acts or conduct occurring at any time prior to and including the Separation Date (as defined below) (collectively,
the Released Claims). The Released Claims include, but are not limited to: (a) all claims directly or indirectly
arising out of or in any way connected with your employment or service with the Company, the termination of such employment or services,
or any of your activities as a partner, member, manager, consultant, advisor or employee of any of the Released Parties in any such capacities
(if applicable); (b) all claims or demands related to salary, bonuses, fees, retirement contributions, profit-sharing rights, profit distributions,
management fee income, commissions, carried interest, stock, stock options, or any other ownership or equity interests in the Company
or any of its affiliated entities, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements, severance pay, or any other form of compensation
or benefit; (c) all claims of any interests in investments of the Company and its related subsidiaries, partnerships and affiliates; and
(d) all claims pursuant to or arising under any federal, state or local law, statute or regulation, as amended, and all causes of action
howsoever arising, including without limitation under or arising out of tort law, contract law, wrongful discharge, discrimination, harassment,
fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, in each case in any jurisdiction.
Said release shall be construed as broadly as possible. The release does not include claims arising after the date of this Agreement;
provided, however, that any claims arising after the date of this Agreement from the then-present effect of acts or conduct occurring
on or before the date of this Agreement shall be deemed released under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Released Claims
shall not include, and this Agreement shall not apply to the following claims (the Excluded Claims): claims for payments
required by the Employment Agreement to be made to you after the Separation Date in accordance with the required timing of such payments.

B.Nothing in this Agreement in any way prohibits or is intended to restrict or impede you from exercising protected rights under
the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) which cannot be waived by agreement, including but not limited to: (i) participating
in activities under Section 7 of the NLRA, (ii) filing an unfair labor practice charge, (iii) assisting others in engaging in activities
identified in foregoing subsections (i) and (ii), or (iv) cooperating with any NLRB investigative process.

C.ADEA Waiver and Release. You acknowledge that you are also knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights
that you may have under the ADEA and that the consideration given for the waiver and release in this Agreement is in addition to anything
of value to which you were already entitled. You further acknowledge that you have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA,
that: (a) your waiver and release do not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the Separation Date; (b) you have been advised
hereby that you should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (although you may voluntarily choose not to do so);
(c) you forty-five (45) days, to consider this Agreement (although you may voluntarily choose to sign it earlier); (d) you have seven
(7) days after the date you sign this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (by providing written notice of such revocation to the Company);
and (e) your acceptance of this Agreement will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which will
be the eighth (8th) day after you execute the Agreement (provided you do not earlier revoke your acceptance of the Agreement) (the Effective
Date).

12 

2.No Actions. You represent and warrant that you have not (i) filed a lawsuit, complaint or proceeding of any kind
against any of the Company and any of the other Released Parties and that you are not aware of any basis for initiating or prosecuting
any such lawsuit, complaint or proceeding, and (ii) except as disclosed in writing to the Company contemporaneously with signing this
General Release, reported any alleged improper, unethical or illegal conduct or activity to the Company or any of its Affiliates and have
no knowledge of any such conduct or activity. In consideration of the Companys payment of the Severance Benefit, you covenant and
agree that you will not bring any action, lawsuit or arbitration proceeding, at law or in equity, arising from or related to any of the
Released Claims. The Executive further represents that he has not been retaliated against for reporting any allegations of wrongdoing
by the Company or any of its Affiliates. In the event you violate the terms of this Section 2, in addition to any other rights
and remedies available to the Company and/or any of the other Released Parties, you agree to (a) pay all costs and expenses incurred by
any of the Company and/or any of the other Released Parties in the defense of any such action, lawsuit or arbitration, including reasonable
attorneys fees; and (b) repay to the Company the Severance Benefit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent you from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or other
federal, state or agency that enforces employment laws, except that you acknowledge that you may not be able to recover any monetary benefits
in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.

3.Confidentiality.

A.You will hold the existence and provisions of this Agreement in strictest confidence and you will not publicize or disclose
this Agreement in any manner whatsoever; provided, however, that: (a) you may disclose this Agreement to your immediate family, provided
that you take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure confidentiality is maintained by any of the individuals to whom disclosure is authorized;
(b) you may disclose this Agreement in confidence to your attorneys and accountants, provided that you take all reasonable steps necessary
to ensure confidentiality is maintained by any of the individuals to whom disclosure is authorized; (c) you may disclose this Agreement
insofar as such disclosure may be necessary to enforce its terms or as otherwise required by law. In particular, and without limitation,
you agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement to any current or former employee or other personnel of the Company and/or any of
the Other Entities.

B.You agree that from the Separation Date you have not and after the Effective Date you will not divulge, use, publish or in
any other manner reveal, directly or indirectly, to any person, firm or corporation any Confidential Information (as defined in the Employment
Agreement) obtained or learned by you during the course of your employment or service with the Company or any of the Other Entities, except
as may be specifically permitted by the terms of the Employment Agreement. The foregoing shall be in addition to the confidentiality obligations
set forth in the Employment Agreement, to which you continue to be subject.

4.Acts Necessary To Effect This Agreement. You and the Company agree to timely execute any instruments or perform
any other acts that are or may be necessary or appropriate to effect and carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5.Other Obligations and Acknowledgements. Your duties as set forth in this Agreement shall be in addition to any
duties or obligations applicable to you under the charter or any other documents governing the Company, and the Employment Agreement.
Without limitation of the foregoing, you confirm and agree that your obligations under Section 8 (Restrictive Covenants)
of the Employment Agreement survive the termination of your employment with the Company as provided therein.

6.Remedies. You hereby acknowledge and agree that any breach of your obligations under this Agreement, to the extent
applicable, would cause the Company or any of the other Released Parties irreparable harm and any remedy at law for such breach or threatened
breach would be inadequate, and that the non-breaching party or parties shall be entitled to injunctive relief (without having to post
a bond) in the event of such breach or threatened breach, in addition to any other available rights and remedies.

13 

7.Dispute Resolution. The terms set forth in Section 19(c) of the Employment Agreement are incorporated
herein by reference and shall apply to any disputes, claims, or causes of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

8.Miscellaneous. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a written agreement signed by both you
and a duly authorized officer of the Company. This Agreement shall bind the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of
both you and the Company, and inure to the benefit of both you and the Company, their heirs, successors and assigns. If any provision
of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision
of this Agreement and the provision in question shall be modified so as to be rendered enforceable pursuant to applicable law in a manner
consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible. Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall not be construed against either party
as the drafter. Any waiver of a breach of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any successive
breach. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and facsimile signatures will suffice as original signatures. To the extent that
the Other Entities are released hereunder, they shall be third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

You acknowledge that you have carefully read
this Agreement and have had the opportunity to review its provisions with legal counsel and/or any advisors you considered necessary.
You understand the contents of this Agreement, and signify such understanding and agreement by signing below.

Please sign and date this Agreement below to accept
the terms set forth above.

COMPANY: EMPLOYEE:

TECHPRECISION CORPORATION 

Phillip Podgorski

By: 

Alexander Shen 

Chief Executive Officer 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510966d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Company Contact: Investor Relations Contact:

Alexander Shen Hayden IR

Chief Executive Officer Brett Maas

TechPrecision Corporation Phone: 646-536-7331

Phone: (978) 874-0591 Email: brett@haydenir.com

Email: info@techprecision.com Website: www.haydenir.com

Website: www.techprecision.com 

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

TechPrecision Appoints Phillip E. Podgorski
Chief Financial Officer

Westminster, MA March 31,
2025 TechPrecision Corporation (NASDAQ:TPCS) (TechPrecision or the Company), today announced
the appointment of Phillip E. Podgorski as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective today.

I am very happy to welcome Phil to
TechPrecision as our Chief Financial Officer. Phil is a seasoned CFO with public company experience in the defense sector and a proven
track record in financial strategy, scenario planning and operations, stated Alexander Shen, TechPrecisions Chief Executive
Officer. Timely reporting is one of our fundamentals; the successful addition of Phil to TechPrecision is a major step to achieve
and consistently maintain compliance to this requirement.

Mr. Podgorski added, I am very excited
about the opportunity to bring my years of experience to join Alex on the TechPrecision executive team. With my collaborative style, I
look forward to working with the teams at Ranor, Stadco, and TechPrecision to effect positive changes in the finance areas and the company
as a whole, enabling operations effectiveness to drive company results. With Alex, our strong focus is on making Ranor, Stadco and TechPrecision
a company valued by its customers, employees and shareholders.

Mr. Podgorski was the Chief Financial
Officer for the RTX Technology Research Center (RTRC), a division of RTX Corporation (RTX), a public aerospace
and defense company, since 2013. While at RTX, he was responsible for all GAAP, SEC and government accounting and reporting related aspects
for the RTRC. He was also responsible for strategic and scenario planning in collaboration with other stakeholders at RTX, including long-range
plans and annual operating budgets. 

Mr. Podgorksi has an MBA and
Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Western New England University.

About TechPrecision Corporation

TechPrecision Corporation, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Ranor, Inc.
and Stadco, manufactures large-scale, metal fabricated and machined precision components and equipment. These products are used in a variety
of markets including: defense, aerospace, nuclear, medical, and precision industrial. TechPrecision's goal is to be an end-to-end service
provider to its customers by furnishing customized solutions for completed products requiring custom fabrication and machining, assembly,
inspection and testing. To learn more about the Company, please visit the corporate website at http://www.techprecision.com.
Information on the Company's website or any other website does not constitute a part of this press release.

Safe Harbor Statement

This release contains certain forward-looking
statements relating to the business of the Company and its subsidiary companies. All statements other than statements of current
or historical fact contained in this press release, including statements that express our intentions, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations,
strategies, predictions or any other statements relating to our future activities or other future events or conditions are forward-looking
statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate,
expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, prospects,
will, should, would and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections made by management about our
business, our industry and other conditions affecting our financial condition, results of operations or business prospects. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual
outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements due
to numerous risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause such outcomes and results to differ include, but are not limited to, risks
and uncertainties arising from: our reliance on individual purchase orders, rather than long-term contracts, to generate revenue; our
ability to balance the composition of our revenues and effectively control operating expenses; external factors that may be outside our
control, including health emergencies, like epidemics or pandemics, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, price inflation,
interest rate increases and supply chain inefficiencies; the availability of appropriate financing facilities impacting our operations,
financial condition and/or liquidity; our ability to receive contract awards through competitive bidding processes; our ability to maintain
standards to enable us to manufacture products to exacting specifications; our ability to enter new markets for our services; our reliance
on a small number of customers for a significant percentage of our business; competitive pressures in the markets we serve; changes in
the availability or cost of raw materials and energy for our production facilities; restrictions in our ability to operate our business
due to our outstanding indebtedness; government regulations and requirements; pricing and business development difficulties; changes in
government spending on national defense; our ability to make acquisitions and successfully integrate those acquisitions with our business;
our failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; general industry and market conditions and growth rates;
our ability to regain compliance with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market; and other risks discussed in the Companys
periodic reports that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on its website (www.sec.gov). Any forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this press release, except as required by applicable law.
Investors should evaluate any statements made by us in light of these important factors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tpcs-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tpcs-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tpcs-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41698

Entity Registrant Name TECHPRECISION CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001328792

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0539828

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1 Bella Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Westminster

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01473

City Area Code 978

Local Phone Number 874-0591

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TPCS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tech.pre.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2510966d1_8k.htm 
tpcs-20250331.xsd 
tpcs-20250331_lab.xml 
tpcs-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030039-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2510966d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001328792 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001328792 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
TECHPRECISION CORPORATION 
DE 
001-41698 
51-0539828 
1 Bella Drive 
Westminster 
MA 
01473 
978 
874-0591 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
TPCS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>