<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005803.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005803.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211085054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005803
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NextTrip, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				820404220
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38015
		FILM NUMBER:		25607821

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 526-9688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA ADDITIVE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA LABS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRAMEWAVES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--02-28000078861100007886112025-02-062025-02-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 6, 2025

NextTrip,
Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-38015 27-1865814

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

3900
Paseo del Sol 

Santa
Fe, New Mexico 87507

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (505)438-2576

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share NTRP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information in Item 2.01 regarding the Purchase Agreement (as defined therein) is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

On
February 6, 2025, NextTrip, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with FSA Travel, LLC (FSA), John McMahon, as Majority
Member, and the other members of FSA included on the signature page thereto (Mr. McMahon together with such other members, collectively
the FSA Members). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, on February 10, 2025 (the Initial Closing Date), NextTrip
purchased 9,608 membership units of FSA (equal to a 49% ownership stake in FSA immediately after closing) (the Initial Interests)
in exchange for NextTrips (i) payment of $500,000 in cash and (ii) issuance of 161,291 shares of newly designated Series O Nonvoting
Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (Series O Preferred) to FSA. In connection with, and as a condition to, the
Initial Closing, the Company entered into employment agreements with Mr. McMahon and Courtney May, each of whom became an employee of
the Company as of the Initial Closing Date.

In
addition, subject to satisfaction of the conditions discussed below, the Purchase Agreement provides the Company with an option (the
Option), in its sole discretion, to purchase the remaining 51% of the membership units from the FSA Members within 60 days
of the Initial Closing Date (the Final Closing Date), in exchange for (i) the payment by the Company to the FSA Members
of an aggregate of $500,000 in cash and (ii) the issuance of an aggregate of 161,291 shares of Series O Preferred to the Members (the
Final Closing). The Companys Option is subject to, and contingent upon, satisfaction of the following conditions:
(i) the continued employment of Mr. McMahon and Ms. May by the Company, subject to limited exceptions, (ii) the completion of a $2,000,000
capital raise by the Company, and (iii) the continued operation of FSA by FSAs existing management until the Final Closing Date.

In
addition to the above consideration, the Purchase Agreement provides that the Company shall make additional payments to the Members upon
achievement of certain milestones, as follows:

1. The
payment of $100,000 in cash and the issuance of 32,258 shares of Series O Preferred at such
time as FSA shall have Travel Bookings of Travel Products for five Groups by FSA, the commissions
to FSA for which are scheduled to be collected after the Final Closing;

2. The
payment of $100,000 in cash and the issuance of 32,258 shares of Series O Preferred at such
time as FSA shall have Travel Bookings of cruise related Travel Products, the gross cumulative
cost of which to the customers is greater than or equal to $25,000 and the commissions for
which are scheduled to collected after the Final Closing;

3. The
payment of $100,000 in cash and issuance of 32,258 shares of Series O Preferred at such time
as FSA shall deliver of all necessary passcodes to allow NextTrip full remote access to the
FSA booking engine for use by NextTrip; and

4. The
payment of $100,000 in cash and issuance 32,258 shares of Series O Preferred at such time
as FSA shall have Travel Bookings for Travel Products, the cumulative gross cost of which
to the customers is greater than or equal to $1 million and the commissions for which are
scheduled to be collected after the Final Closing.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, FSA may replace any of the above milestones described in subsection (1), (2), or (3) above, for an additional $1.0 million
in Travel Bookings in each instance as described in (4) above.

In
the event that the Company does not exercise the Option, or the Final Closing does not occur for any reason other than default by the
Members, FSA shall have a right of first refusal with respect to any sale, conveyance or other transfer of the Initial Interests by the
Company.

The
shares of Series O Preferred issued and issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement cannot be converted into shares of Company common
stock unless and until the Companys stockholders approve the conversion of Series O Preferred into shares of common stock in accordance
with the listing rules of Nasdaq. Upon receipt of such approvals, the share of Series O Preferred outstanding as of such date shall automatically
convert into shares of Company common stock, subject to applicable beneficial ownership limitations.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, conditions to closing, and termination provisions.

The
foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject
to, and qualified in its entirety by, the copy of the Purchase Agreement attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this
Current Report), which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information in Item 2.01 regarding the sale and issuance of the shares of Series O Preferred to FSA is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

The
shares of Series O Preferred issued by the Company have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or any state securities laws, and were issued to the recipient in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities
Act in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. Accordingly, the shares of Series O Preferred constitute, and the shares of Company common stock underlying the shares of
Series O Preferred, when issued upon conversion of the Series O Preferred shares, will constitute, restricted securities
within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Act.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On
February 6, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Series O Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series O Certificate
of Designation) with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, designating 451,614 shares of the Companys preferred
stock as Series O Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share.

The
terms and conditions set forth in the Series O Certificate of Designation are summarized below:

Ranking.
The Series O Preferred rank pari passu to the Companys common stock.

Dividends.
Holders of Series O Preferred will be entitled to dividends, on an as-converted basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any,
on shares of Company common stock.

Voting.
Except as provided by the Series O Certificate of Designation, or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes, holders of Series
O Preferred are not entitled to voting rights. However, the Company may not, without the consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Series O Preferred, (i) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series O Preferred or alter
or amend the Series O Certificate of Designation, (ii) amend its amended and restated articles of incorporation, amended and restated
bylaws or other charter documents in any manner that adversely effects any rights of the holders of the Series O Preferred, or (c) enter
into any agreement with respect to the foregoing.

Conversion.
On the third business day after the date that the Companys stockholders approve the conversion of Series O Preferred into shares
of common stock in accordance with the listing rules of Nasdaq, each outstanding share of Series O Preferred shall automatically be converted
into one share of Company common stock (subject to adjustment under certain limited circumstances) (the Series O Conversion Ratio),
subject to beneficial ownership limitations.

Liquidation.
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, holders of Series O Preferred
will be entitled to participate, on an as-converted-to-common stock basis calculated based on the Series O Conversion Ratio (as defined
in the Series O Certificate of Designation), with holders of Company common stock in any distribution of assets of the Company to holders
of the Companys common stock.

The
foregoing summary of the Series O Certificate of Designation does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by, the copy of the Series O Certificate of Designation attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Report, which is incorporated herein
by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing execution of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

On
February 11, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing consummation of the Initial Closing pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
A copy of the foregoing press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report and is incorporated by reference herein.

The
information in this Report, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed
filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed subject to the requirements of Item 10 of Regulation
S-K, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. The furnishing of this information
hereby shall not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any such information.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
Report, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, contains certain forward-looking statements that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. When used herein, the terms anticipates, expects, estimates, believes,
will and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking
statements in this Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, or hereafter, including in other publicly available documents filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), reports to the stockholders of the Company and other publicly
available statements issued or released by us involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our
actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating)
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such future results are based upon managements best estimates
based upon current conditions and the most recent results of operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risks set forth
herein and in such other documents filed with the Commission, each of which could adversely affect our business and the accuracy of the
forward-looking statements contained herein. Our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
Number Description

2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, by and among NextTrip, Inc., FSA Travel, LLC, John McMahon, as Majority Member, and the other Signatories thereto, dated February 6, 2025.

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Series O Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock.

99.1 Press Release, dated February 6, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated February 11, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL Document)

*
Certain schedules and other similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K. The registrant will provide a copy of such omitted documents to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Date:
February 11, 2025 By: /s/
William Kerby

Name: William
Kerby

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

BY
AND AMONG

NEXTTRIP,
INC.,

FSA
TRAVEL, LLC,

JOHN
MCMAHON, AS MAJORITY MEMBER,

AND
THE OTHER SIGNATORIES HERETO

DATED
AS OF

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

RECITALS 6

ARTICLE
I: DEFINITIONS 6

ARTICLE
II: ISSUANCE; PURCHASE; CLOSING 13

Section
2.1 Issuance,
Purchase and Sale. 13

Section
2.2 Purchase
Price. 14

Section
2.3 Closing. 17

Section
2.4 Management
of FSA. 18

ARTICLE
III: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE UNITHOLDERS 18

Section
3.1 Authority. 18

Section
3.2 Binding
Obligations. 18

Section
3.3 No
Conflicts. 19

Section
3.4 Ownership
of FSA Shares. 19

Section
3.5 Certain
Proceedings. 19

Section
3.6 Brokers
or Finders. 19

Section
3.7 Investment
Representations. 20

Section
3.8 Stock
Legends. 22

Section
3.9 Insider
Trading. 23

Section
3.10 No
Untrue Representation or Warranty. 23

ARTICLE
IV: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FSA 23

Section
4.1 Organization
and Qualification. 23

Section
4.2 Authority. 24

Section
4.3 Binding
Obligations. 24

Section
4.4 No
Conflicts. 24

Section
4.5 Subsidiaries. 25

Section
4.6 Organizational
Documents. 25

Page 2

Section
4.7 Capitalization. 25

Section
4.8 Brokers
or Finders. 26

Section
4.9 Compliance
with Laws. 26

Section
4.10 Certain
Proceedings. 27

Section
4.11 Contracts. 27

Section
4.12 Financial
Statements and Tax Matters. 28

Section
4.13 Internal
Accounting Controls. 29

Section
4.14 Labor
Matters. 30

Section
4.15 Employee
Benefits. 30

Section
4.16 Title
to Assets. 31

Section
4.17 Intellectual
Property; Data Privacy. 31

Section
4.18 Environmental
Laws 35

Section
4.19 Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. 35

Section
4.20 Liabilities. 35

Section
4.21 Money
Laundering Laws. 35

Section
4.22 Foreign
Corrupt Practices. 36

Section
4.23 Absence
of Certain Changes or Events. 36

Section
4.24 Insurance. 36

Section
4.25 Investment
Company. 37

Section
4.26 Financial
Statements. 37

Section
4.27 No
Untrue Representation or Warranty. 37

ARTICLE
V: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NEXTTRIP 37

Section
5.1 Organization
and Qualification. 37

Section
5.2 Authority. 38

Section
5.3 Binding
Obligations. 38

Section
5.4 No
Conflicts. 38

Section
5.5 Subsidiaries. 39

Section
5.6 Organizational
Documents. 39

Page 3

Section
5.7 Capitalization. 39

Section
5.8 Compliance
with Laws. 40

Section
5.9 Certain
Proceedings. 40

Section
5.10 No
Brokers or Finders. 41

Section
5.11 Contracts. 41

Section
5.12 SEC
Reports. 41

Section
5.13 Internal
Accounting Controls. 42

Section
5.14 Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. 42

Section
5.15 Application
of Takeover Protections. 42

Section
5.16 Tax
Matters. 43

Section
5.17 Labor
Matters. 43

Section
5.18 Employee
Benefits. 44

Section
5.19 Title
to Assets. 44

Section
5.20 Intellectual
Property. 45

Section
5.21 Environmental
Laws. 45

Section
5.22 Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. 45

Section
5.23 Liabilities. 45

Section
5.24 Investment
Company. 46

Section
5.25 Money
Laundering Laws. 46

Section
5.26 Foreign
Corrupt Practices. 46

Section
5.27 Absence
of Certain Changes or Events. 46

Section
5.28 Undisclosed
Events. 46

Section
5.29 Insurance. 47

Section
5.30 Disclosure. 47

ARTICLE
VI: CONDUCT PRIOR TO CLOSING 48

Section
6.1 Conduct
of Business. 48

Section
6.2 Restrictions
on Conduct of Business. 48

Page 4

ARTICLE
VII: ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 50

Section
7.1 Access
to Information. 50

Section
7.2 Legal
Requirements. 50

Section
7.3 Notification
of Certain Matters. 51

Section
7.4 Acquisition
Proposals. 51

Section
7.5 Closing
Date Releases. 52

Section
7.6 D&O
Insurance. 52

Section
7.7 Updates
to Disclosure Schedule. 53

ARTICLE
VIII: POST CLOSING COVENANTS 53

Section
8.1 General. 53

Section
8.2 Public
Announcements. 53

ARTICLE
IX: CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 54

Section
9.1 Conditions
to Closing. 54

Section
9.2 Conditions
to Obligation of FSA and the Unitholders. 54

Section
9.3 Conditions
to Obligation of NextTrip. 55

Section
9.4 Closing
Deliveries. 56

ARTICLE
X: TERMINATION 58

Section
10.1 Grounds
for Termination. 58

Section
10.2 Procedure. 60

Section
10.3 Effect
of Termination. 60

ARTICLE
XI: MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 60

Section
11.1 Expenses. 60

Section
11.2 Confidentiality. 61

Section
11.3 Notices. 62

Section
11.4 Further
Assurances. 62

Section
11.5 Waiver. 63

Section
11.6 Entire
Agreement and Modification. 63

Section
11.7 Assignments,
Successors, and No Third-Party Rights. 63

Section
11.8 Severability. 63

Section
11.9 Section
Headings. 64

Section
11.10 Construction. 64

Section
11.11 Counterparts. 64

Section
11.12 Specific
Performance. 64

Section
11.13 Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. 65

Section
11.14 Waiver
of Jury Trial. 65

Section
11.15 Review
and Construction of Documents. 65

Section
11.17 Non-Survival
of Representations, Warranties. 65

Page 5

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of the 6th day of February, 2025 (Agreement), is made by and
among NEXTTRIP, INC., a Nevada corporation (NextTrip), FSA TRAVEL, LLC., a New York limited liability
company (FSA), John McMahon (McMahon) as an individual and in his capacity as majority member
of FSA, and the other members of FSA as reflected on the signature page hereto (McMahon and such other members, each a Unitholder
and, collectively, the Unitholders). Each of NextTrip, FSA, and the Unitholders are sometimes referred to herein
individually, as a Party and, collectively, as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Unitholders own one hundred percent (100%) of the currently issued and outstanding membership units of FSA (the FSA Units),
with the ownership of Unitholders in the proportions set forth on the Consideration Schedule (as defined below) in Section 1.1
of the FSA Disclosure Schedule (as defined below) held by the Unitholders;

WHEREAS,
NextTrip desires to purchase, and FSA desires to issue and sell to NextTrip, an aggregate of 9,608 new membership units of FSA (the
Initial Interest) totaling a forty-nine percent (49%) ownership stake in FSA in exchange for cash consideration
and NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares (as defined below) as described herein;

WHEREAS,
subject to the conditions described herein, the Unitholders desire to grant to NextTrip, and NextTrip desires to obtain, an option
to acquire the remaining FSA Units reflecting a fifty-one percent (51%) ownership interest in FSA in exchange for cash consideration
and NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares (as defined below) to be issued to the Unitholders Pro Rata, as set forth in the Consideration
Schedule on a future date;

WHEREAS,
upon the consummation of the Closings (defined below), FSA will become a wholly owned subsidiary of NextTrip, and NextTrip will be
the sole member of FSA;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, and the covenants, representations and warranties set forth herein, and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and accepted, the Parties, intending
to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

ARTICLE
I: DEFINITIONS

In
addition to capitalized terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following respective
meanings when used in this Agreement:

Accredited
Investor has the meaning set forth in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act.

Action
means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition) or investigation
pending or threatened before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign), stock market, stock exchange or trading facility.

Affiliate
has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Business
Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required
or authorized to be closed.

CARES
Act means the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.b.

Closing
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3b.

Closing
Purchase Price means as set forth in Section 2.2a.

Closing
Shares means an aggregate number of shares of NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares, rounded up to the nearest whole share, in
the amount of $1,000,000 of NextTrip Common Stock at a price of $3.10 per share issued as Initial Closing Consideration or Final Closing
Consideration.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Consideration
Schedule shall mean Schedule 1.1 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule.

Contingent
Shares means NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares issuable upon satisfaction of any Milestone Event within the Milestone Event
Period (which number will be subject to adjustment to reflect and account for any stock split, stock dividend, combination, or other
recapitalization or reclassification of NextTrip effected after the date hereof).

Page 6

Contract
means any written or oral contract, lease, license, indenture, note, bond, agreement, arrangement, understanding, permit, concession,
franchise or other instrument.

Control,
controlled by and under common control with mean, with respect to a specified Person, the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the
ownership of stock or other securities, as executor, by contract or otherwise.

Disclosure
Supplement has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9.

Employment
Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3b.

Environmental
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and regulations of
the SEC thereunder, all as the same will then be in effect.

Final
Closing means as set forth in Section 2.3b.

Final
Closing Consideration has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2bii.

Final
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3b.

FSA
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

FSA
Business Data has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17h.

FSA
Business Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17f.

FSA
Disclosure Schedule has the meaning set forth in Article IV.

FSA
Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12a.

FSA
Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17b.

FSAs
IP has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17(b).

FSA
Organizational Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.

FSAs
Registered IP has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17b.

FSA
Units has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

GAAP
means, with respect to any Person, generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. applied on a consistent basis with such Persons
past practices.

Page 7

Governmental
Authority means any domestic or foreign, federal or national, state or provincial, municipal or local government, governmental
authority, regulatory or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, political
subdivision, commission, court, tribunal, official, arbitrator or arbitral body.

Group
means a group of ten (10) or more people traveling together.

Hazardous
Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18.

Indebtedness
means with respect to a Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness or other obligation of the Person for borrowed money, whether
current, short-term, or long-term, secured or unsecured; (b) all indebtedness of the Person for the deferred purchase price for purchases
of property outside the Ordinary Course of Business; (c) all lease obligations of the Person under leases which are capital leases in
accordance with GAAP; (d) any off-balance sheet financing of the Person including synthetic leases and project financing; (e) any payment
obligations of the Person in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit (other than stand- by letters of credit in support
of ordinary course trade payables); (f) any liability of the Person with respect to interest rate swaps, collars, caps and similar hedging
obligations; (g) any liability of the Person under deferred compensation plans, phantom stock plans, severance or bonus plans, or similar
arrangements made payable as a result of the transactions contemplated herein; (h) any indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through
(g) above of any other Person which is either guaranteed by, or secured by a security interest upon any property owned by, the Person;
and (i) accrued and unpaid interest of, and prepayment premiums, penalties or similar contractual charges arising as a result of the
discharge at Closing of, any such foregoing obligation.

Initial
Closing means as set forth in Section 2.3a.

Initial
Closing Consideration means as set forth in Section 2.1bi.

Initial
Closing Date means as set forth in Section 2.3a.

Initial
Interest means as set forth in the Recitals.

Intellectual
Property means all intellectual property in any jurisdiction throughout the world, including, without limitation, all U.S.
and non-U.S. patents, patent applications, patent rights, trademarks, trademark applications, common law trademarks, Internet domain
names, social media accounts and pages, trade names, service marks, service mark applications, common law service marks and similar indicia
or origin, together with the goodwill associated therewith, copyrights, in both published and unpublished works, whether registered or
unregistered, copyright applications, franchises, licenses, know-how, trade secrets, technology, technical data, designs, customer lists,
confidential and proprietary information, processes and formulae, all computer software programs or applications, layouts, inventions
(whether or not patentable), development tools and all documentation and media constituting, describing or relating to the above, including
manuals, memoranda, and records, whether such intellectual property has been created, applied for or obtained anywhere throughout the
world.

Page 8

Knowledge
shall mean, except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, actual knowledge after reasonable investigation. NextTrip and its Affiliates
shall be deemed to have Knowledge of a matter if such matter is known to NextTrips Chief Executive Officer,
William Kerby, or NextTrips Chief Financial Officer, Frank Orzechowski. FSA and its respective Affiliates shall be deemed to have
Knowledge of a matter if such matter is actually known to John McMahon, FSAs Chief Executive Officer, and
Courtney May, FSAs Operations Manager. The Unitholders shall be deemed to have Knowledge of a matter if it
has actual knowledge of such matter.

Law
and Laws means, with respect to any Person, any U.S. or non-U.S., federal, national, state, provincial, local, municipal,
international, multinational or other Law (including common law), constitution, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation or treaty
applicable to such Person.

Liability
means any liability (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued,
whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including any liability for Taxes.

License
means any security clearance, permit, license, variance, franchise, Order, approval, consent, certificate, registration or other authorization
of any Governmental Authority or regulatory body, and other similar rights.

Licensed
Software means as set forth in Section 4.17k.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind, including, without limitation, any conditional
sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof and the filing of or agreement to give any financing statement
under the Uniform Commercial Code of any jurisdiction and including any lien or charge arising by Law.

Malicious
Code has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17m.

Material
Adverse Effect means, with respect to FSA, a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, operations, results
of operations, assets, customer, supplier or employee relations or future prospects and, with respect to NextTrip, a material adverse
effect on its Principal Market listing, SEC reporting status, liabilities or ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

May
Employment Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3b.

McMahon
Employment Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3b.

Page 9

Members
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Milestone
Covenants has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2cv.

Milestone
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2ci.

Milestone
Payment Determination Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2ci.

Milestone
Payments means as set forth in Section 2.2ci.

Milestone
Period means the period commencing with the Closing Date and ending on the date the final Milestone Event has occurred or
six (6) months from the date this agreement is signed, whichever occurs first.

Money
Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.21.

New
Matter has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9.

NextTrip
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

NextTrip
Capital Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 5.7.

NextTrip
Common Stock means the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of NextTrip.

NextTrip
Most Recent Fiscal Year End means February 29, 2024.

NextTrip
Organizational Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6.

NextTrip
Sale Transaction means (a) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of NextTrip and its subsidiaries to a third-party
purchaser; (b) a sale of more than a majority of the voting stock of NextTrip to a third-party purchaser in which the stockholders of
NextTrip immediately prior to such transaction do not hold effective control of NextTrip immediately after such transaction, whether
through voting power, ownership, ability to elect directors, or otherwise; or (c) a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization
of NextTrip with or into a third-party purchaser in which the stockholders of NextTrip immediately prior to such transaction own less
than a majority of the voting equity securities of the surviving entity or its parent immediately after such transaction.

NextTrip
Series O Preferred Shares means the Closing Shares and the Contingent Shares in a cumulative aggregate amount of up to 451,614
shares of nonvoting Series O Preferred Stock issuable as provided in this Agreement (which number will be subject to adjustment to reflect
and account for any stock split, stock dividend, combination, or other recapitalization or reclassification of NextTrip affected after
the date hereof).

Page 10

Open
Source Technology means any software or other Intellectual Property that is distributed as or that contain, or are derived
in any manner (in whole or in part) from, any software or other Intellectual Property that is distributed as free software, open source
or similar licensing or distribution models, or requires as a condition of use, modification or distribution that any Intellectual Property
(1) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (2) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, (3) be redistributable
at no charge, or (4) grants to any third party any license, non-assertion covenant or other rights or immunities to or under any Intellectual
Property. Open Source Technology includes Intellectual Property licensed or distributed under any of the following licenses or distribution
models, or licenses or distribution models similar to any of the following: Apache License, MIT License, BSD 3-Clause New
or Revised License or BSD 2-Clause Simplified or FreeBSD License, GNUs General Public
License (GPL), Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL), or Affero GPL, Mozilla Public License, Common Development and Distribution License (CDDL),
Eclipse Public License, Artistic License, Netscape Public License, Sun Community Source License (SCSL), Sun Industry Standards License
(SISL), the Common Public License, Creative Commons License, or any license or distribution agreement or arrangement listed on www.opensource.org/licenses/index.php
or any successor website thereof or that is considered free or open source by the Open Source Foundation
or the Free Software Foundation.

Order
means any order, judgment, ruling, injunction, assessment, award, decree or writ of any Governmental Authority or regulatory body.

Ordinary
Course of Business means the ordinary course of business consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect
to quantity and frequency).

Party
and Parties have the respective meanings set forth in the preamble.

Person
means all natural persons, corporations, business trusts, associations, companies, partnerships, limited liability companies, joint ventures
and other entities, governments, agencies and political subdivisions.

Principal
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Pro
Rata means, with respect to each Unitholder, the percentage set forth adjacent to his or her name on the Consideration Schedule.

Purchased
Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1b.

Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2a.

Registration
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b).

Related
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 4.19.

Remaining
Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1b.

Page 11

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor agency thereto.

SEC
Reports has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(a).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
thereunder, all as the same will be in effect at the time.

Software
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17f.

Subsidiary
or subsidiary of any Person means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other organization,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, which is Controlled by such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, the Subsidiaries of any Person
shall include any variable interest entity over which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries effects Control pursuant to contractual
arrangements and which is consolidated with such Person in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to such
Person.

Tax
Return means all returns, declarations, reports, estimates, statements, forms and other documents filed with or supplied to
or required to be provided to a Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto and any amendment
thereof.

Tax
or Taxes means all taxes, assessments, duties, levies or other charge imposed by any Governmental Authority of any
kind whatsoever together with any interest, penalties, fines or additions thereto and any liability for payment of taxes whether as a
result of (a) being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group for any period; (b) any tax sharing,
tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement or any other express or implied agreement to indemnify any Person; (c) being liable for another
Persons taxes as a transferee or successor otherwise for any period; or (d) operation of Law.

Termination
Date means the date that is sixty (60) days from the date of the Initial Closing.

Third
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Transaction
Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and all agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents to be executed
and delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, but not limited to the exhibits hereto.

Travel
Bookings shall mean an individual customer or Group reservation for a Travel Product for which such customer or Group is issued
a confirmation number by Travelport Global Distribution Services or the provider of such Travel Product and for which FSA has been authorized
to charge such customer or Group therefor on a valid credit card.

Page 12

Travel
Product means any travel or travel-related products, services or other offerings, including shopping, booking, reviewing,
searching or such similar services which are offered, made available or otherwise permitted to be booked by, through or on behalf of
FSA.

Treasury
Regulations means the income tax regulations, including temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code, as such regulations
may be amended from time to time (including corresponding provisions of succeeding regulations).

Unitholders
means as set forth in the Preamble.

U.S.
means the United States of America.

ARTICLE
II: ISSUANCE; PURCHASE; CLOSING

Section
2.1 Issuance, Purchase and Sale.

a. Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Initial Closing, the Company shall issue
and sell to NextTrip, and NextTrip shall purchase from the Company the Initial Interest,
free and clear of any Lien, for the consideration specified in Section 2.2a. At the
Initial Closing, NextTrip, the Company, and Unitholders shall exchange the deliverables set
forth in Sections 9.2a and 9.3a.

b. For
a period of sixty (60) days following the Initial Closing, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein, NextTrip shall have the option to acquire from the Unitholders all, but
not less than all, of each Unitholders right, title, and interest in and to all of
the remaining fifty-one percent (51%) of the Company represented by the FSA Units (the Remaining
Interest, and, together with the Initial Interest, the Purchased Interests),
free and clear of any Lien, for the consideration specified in Section 2.2b. Such
option may be exercised by delivery of written notice thereof to FSA for the benefit of the
Unitholders. At the Final Closing, NextTrip, the Company, and Unitholders shall exchange
the deliverables set forth in Sections 9.2b and 9.3b. Immediately prior to
the Final Closing, FSA will distribute the cash consideration and NextTrip Series O Preferred
Shares received as Initial Closing Consideration to the Unitholders Pro Rata in accordance
with the Consideration Schedule such that, immediately following the Final Closing, FSA will
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of NextTrip.

c. In
the event that NextTrip does not exercise its option, or the Final Closing does not occur
for any reason other than default by the Unitholders hereunder, NextTrip may not sell, convey,
or otherwise transfer the Initial Interest to a third party that is not an Affiliate of NextTrip
without first giving FSA a right of first refusal to repurchase the Initial Interest on the
following terms and conditions:

i. NextTrip
shall deliver to FSA a written notice (the ROFR Notice) stating: (i)
NextTrips bona fide intention to sell or otherwise transfer the Initial Interest to
a third party; (ii) the bona fide cash price or other consideration for which NextTrip proposes
to transfer the Initial Interest (the Offered Price); and (iii) the
material terms and conditions of the proposed transfer (the Offer Terms).

Page 13

ii. At
any time within fifteen (15) days after receipt of the ROFR Notice, FSA may, by giving written
notice to NextTrip (ROFR Acceptance), elect to purchase all, but not
less than all, of the Initial Interest at the lower of (i) the Offered Price or (ii) the
Initial Closing Consideration paid by NextTrip to FSA at the Initial Closing and on the Offer
Terms, free and clear of all Liens. If the Offered Price includes consideration other than
cash, the cash equivalent value of the non-cash consideration shall be determined by an independent
third party valuation conducted by an appraiser mutually acceptable to NextTrip and FSA,
and the cost of such appraiser shall be borne by NextTrip.

iii. Payment
of the Offered Price shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance
with the Offer Terms, within ten (10) Business Days after delivery of the ROFR Acceptance
unless otherwise agreed by NextTrip and FSA. NextTrip shall deliver the Initial Interest
to FSA upon receipt of such payment free and clear of all Liens.

iv. If
the Initial Interest is not purchased by FSA as provided in this Section 2.1c, then
NextTrip may sell or otherwise transfer the Initial Interest to the proposed purchaser at
the Offered Price or at a higher price and on the Offer Terms. If the Initial Interest is
not so sold or transferred, prior to any sale or transfer of the Initial Interest to another
third party, FSA shall again be offered the Right of First Refusal.

v. FSAs
right of first refusal as described in this Section 2.1c shall not apply in connection
with (i) a NextTrip Sale Transaction, or (ii) a pledge of any of the assets related to the
Initial Interest or NextTrips direct or indirect equity interests in the Initial Interest
as collateral; provided that no such pledge shall be made in the sixty (60) day period following
the Initial Closing.

Section
2.2 Purchase Price.

a. Consideration.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the purchase price for the Purchased
Interests shall be $1,000,000 in cash and 322,582 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares (the
Closing Purchase Price), plus any Milestone Payment, for an aggregate
purchase price of up to $2,800,000 paid via cash and NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares (the
Closing Purchase Price, together with any Milestone Payments, the Purchase Price).

Page 14

b. Payment.
The Purchase Price shall be paid as follows:

i. At
the Initial Closing, NextTrip shall pay to FSA an aggregate amount of (I) Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars and NO/100 ($500,000) in cash and (II) 161,291 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares
(collectively, the Initial Closing Consideration). The cash payment
shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account indicated in
writing by FSA in the FSA Disclosure Schedules.

ii. At
the Final Closing, if held, NextTrip shall pay to the Unitholders, in accordance with the
Consideration Schedule, an aggregate amount of (I) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars and NO/100
($500,000) in cash and (II) 161,291 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares (collectively, the
Final Closing Consideration). Concurrently with the Final Closing, FSA
will distribute the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares received as Initial Closing Consideration
to the Unitholders Pro Rata in accordance with the Consideration Schedule such that immediately
following the Final Closing FSA will become a wholly owned subsidiary of NextTrip.

c. Milestone
Events and Milestone Payments.

i. If
at any time after the Initial Closing but on or before the six (6) month anniversary of the
Final Closing the following conditions shall be satisfied (each, a Milestone Event),
then NextTrip shall cause to be paid to the Unitholders, in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, as additional consideration for the Purchased Interests, the amounts described
below (the Milestone Payments):

1. A
payment of $100,000 in cash and 32,258 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares at such time as
FSA shall have Travel Bookings of Travel Products for five (5) Groups by FSA, the commissions
to FSA for which are scheduled to be collected after the Final Closing;

2. A
payment of $100,000 in cash and 32,258 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares at such time as
FSA shall have Travel Bookings of cruise related Travel Products, the gross cumulative cost
of which to the customers is greater than or equal to $25,000 and the commissions for which
are scheduled to collected after the Final Closing;

3. A
payment of $100,000 in cash and 32,258 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares at such time as
FSA shall deliver of all necessary passcodes to allow NextTrip full remote access to the
FSA booking engine for use by NextTrip; and

Page 15

4. A
payment of $100,000 in cash and 32,258 NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares at such time as
FSA shall have Travel Bookings for Travel Products, the cumulative gross cost of which to
the customers is grater than or equal to $1 million and the commissions for which are scheduled
to be collected after the Final Closing.

ii. FSA
can replace any of the above milestones described in subsection (1), (2), or (3) above, for
an additional $1 million in Travel Bookings in each instance as described in (4) above.

iii. After
the Initial Closing, whether a Milestone Event is met and additional consideration is payable
hereunder shall be determined by the Parties on a mutually agreeable date (each a Milestone
Payment Determination Date) no later than fourteen (14) days following notice
by FSA to NextTrip that such Milestone Event has been met based on FSAs books and
records and supported by customary industry data such as Global Distribution Services, Travelport,
credit card authorizations and similar written and/or electronic evidence. If additional
consideration is determined to be due prior to the Final Closing, NextTrip shall (A) issue
additional NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares at the Final Closing and (B) wire transfer
additional cash consideration to the Unitholders in accordance with the Consideration Schedule
to the account(s) designated by such Unitholders at the Final Closing. If additional consideration
is determined to be due after the Final Closing, NextTrip shall NextTrip shall (A) issue
additional NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares within fourteen (14) days following each Milestone
Payment Determination Date and (B) wire transfer additional cash consideration to the Unitholders
in accordance with the Consideration Schedule to the account(s) designated by such Unitholders
within three (3) Business Days following each Milestone Achievement Date.

iv. Following
the Final Closing, for the duration of the Milestone Period, NextTrip shall (A) use commercially
reasonable efforts to operate FSA and act in good faith and in the spirit of fair dealing
with respect to the provisions of this Agreement and shall not take any action in bad faith
or which has the primary purpose of reducing the earning or payment of the Contingent Shares
(if any), and (B) use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the ongoing business
requirements of FSA during the Milestone Period (the Milestone Covenants).

Page 16

v. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event that either McMahon or Courtney May
(May) shall cease to serve in their current capacities with FSA during
the time between the Initial Closing and the Final Closing or with NextTrip during the Milestone
Period for any reason other than his or her voluntary termination or termination for Cause
as defined in the Employment Agreements, each Milestone Event not then achieved shall be
automatically and unconditionally achieved.

d. For
the avoidance of doubt, any amounts due to the Unitholders under this Section 2.2
shall be paid or issued to such Unitholders, Pro Rata, as set forth in the Consideration
Schedule.

Section
2.3 Closing.

a. Unless
this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Article X hereof, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the sale of the Initial Interests (the
Initial Closing) shall take place not later than three (3) Business
Days following the satisfaction or waiver by the party entitled to the benefit thereof of
the conditions set forth in Article IX (other than conditions that by their nature are to
be satisfied at the Initial Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions),
remotely via the exchange of counterpart signatures and any other deliveries. The date and
time of the Initial Closing is referred to herein as the Initial Closing Date.

b. In
the event NextTrip exercises its option to purchase the Remaining Interest, the closing of
the sale of the Remaining Interest (the Final Closing, together with
the Initial Closing, each a Closing and, collectively, the Closings)
shall take place on the next Business Day following the date on which the following conditions
with respect to all Parties are satisfied, provided that such date is within sixty (60) days
of the Initial Closing: (i) the continued employment of McMahon pursuant to the employment
agreement entered into at the Initial Closing (the McMahon Employment Agreement)
by NextTrip, except by reason of a termination by NextTrip without Cause (as defined in the
McMahon Employment Agreement) or by McMahon For Good Reason (as defined in the McMahon Employment
Agreement), (ii) the continued employment of May pursuant to the employment agreement entered
into at the Initial Closing (the May Employment Agreement, and, together
with the McMahon Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreements) by
NextTrip, except by reason of a termination by NextTrip without Cause (as defined in the
May Employment Agreement) or by May For Good Reason (as defined in the May Employment Agreement),
(iii) the completion of a $2,000,000 capital fundraise by NextTrip, and (iv) the continued
operation of FSA by FSAs existing management until the Final Closing (collectively,
the Final Closing Conditions). The date and time of the Final Closing
is referred to herein as the Final Closing Date, and, together with
the Initial Closing Date, each a Closing Date, and, collectively, the
Closing Dates.

Page 17

Section
2.4 Management of FSA.

The
Parties shall take all necessary actions such that, from and after the Final Closing Date, until their successors are duly elected or
appointed and qualified in accordance with applicable Law, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
organizational documents of FSA, McMahon and May shall continue in their current capacities at FSA.

ARTICLE
III: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE UNITHOLDERS

Each
Unitholder, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to NextTrip that the statements contained in this Article III
are true, correct and complete with respect to such Unitholder as of the date of this Agreement and as of each of the Closing Dates.

Section
3.1 Authority.

Such
Unitholder has all requisite authority and power to enter into and deliver this Agreement and any of the other Transaction Documents
to which such Unitholder is a party, and any other certificate, agreement, document or instrument to be executed and delivered by such
Unitholder in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each of the Transaction Documents to
which such Unitholder is a party will be, duly and validly authorized and approved, executed and delivered by such Unitholder.

Section
3.2 Binding Obligations.

Assuming
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties hereto and
thereto other than the relevant Unitholder, this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which such Unitholder is a party
are duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Unitholder, and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Unitholder,
enforceable against such Unitholder in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforcement is limited by general equitable
principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

Page 18

Section
3.3 No Conflicts.

Neither
the execution or delivery by the relevant Unitholder of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which such Unitholder is a party,
nor the consummation or performance by such Unitholder of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will, directly or indirectly,
(a) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default (or an event or condition which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute
a default) under, or result in the termination or acceleration of, any agreement or instrument to which such Unitholder is a party or
by which the properties or assets of such Unitholder is bound; or (b) contravene, conflict with, result in any breach of, or constitute
a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, impair the rights of such Unitholder
under, or alter the obligations of any Person under, or create in any Person the right to terminate, amend, accelerate or cancel, or
require any notice, report or other filing (whether with a Governmental Authority or any other Person) pursuant to, or result in the
creation of a Lien on any of the assets or properties of the Unitholders or FSA under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, Contract,
License, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which such Unitholder is a party or any of such Unitholders assets
and properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of any such contraventions, conflicts, violations, or other occurrences as
would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3.4 Ownership of FSA Shares.

Each
Unitholder is the sole record and beneficial owner, of, and owns, of record and beneficially, and has good, valid and indefeasible title
to and the right to transfer to NextTrip pursuant to this Agreement such Unitholders FSA Units free and clear of any and all Liens.
There are no options, rights, voting trusts, Unitholder agreements or any other Contracts or understandings to which such Unitholder
is a party or by which such Unitholder or such Unitholders FSA Units are bound with respect to the issuance, sale, transfer, voting
or registration of the FSA Units. Each Unitholder has sole managerial and dispositive authority with respect to its FSA Units and such
Unitholder has not granted any third party a proxy, option or other right to buy its FSA Units or any interest therein that has not expired
or been validly withdrawn. At each of the Initial Closing and the Final Closing, NextTrip will acquire a good, valid and marketable title
to the FSA Units included in the Purchased Interests free and clear of any and all Liens.

Section
3.5 Certain Proceedings.

There
is no Action pending against, or to the Knowledge of the relevant Unitholder, threatened against or affecting, such Unitholder by any
Governmental Authority or other Person with respect to such Unitholder that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying,
making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section
3.6 Brokers or Finders.

Except
as has been disclosed to NextTrip regarding Innovative Travel Acquisitions, Inc., the obligations of FSA to which, if any, shall be the
exclusive responsibility of NextTrip, no Person has, or as a result of the transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid
claim against the relevant Unitholder or FSA for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity,
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Unitholders or FSA.

Page 19

Section
3.7 Investment Representations.

a. The
relevant Unitholder understands and agrees that, if deemed acquired by such Unitholder hereunder,
the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares are being acquired for investment purposes for its
own account and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and such
Unitholder has no present intention of selling or otherwise distributing his/her/its NextTrip
Series O Preferred Shares, except in compliance with applicable securities Laws.

b. The
relevant Unitholder understands and agrees that the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares issued
hereunder are characterized as restricted securities under the Securities Act
inasmuch as this Agreement contemplates that, if acquired by such Unitholder pursuant hereto,
the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares would be acquired in a transaction not involving a
public offering. Such Unitholder understands and agrees that the NextTrip Series O Preferred
Shares will be issued hereunder in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) thereunder. The relevant Unitholder
further acknowledges and agrees that upon issuance, the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares
may not be resold without registration under the Securities Act or in reliance upon an available
exemption therefrom. The relevant Unitholder represents that it is familiar with Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act, as presently in effect, and understands the resale
limitations imposed thereby, and specifically those in subparagraph (i) thereof, and otherwise
by the Securities Act.

c. The
relevant Unitholder understands and agrees that the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares issued
pursuant to this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities
Laws of any state of the U.S.

d. The
relevant Unitholder understands that the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares are being offered
and issued to such Unitholder in reliance upon the truth and accuracy of the representations,
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Unitholder set forth in
this Agreement, in order for NextTrip to determine the applicability and availability of
the exemptions from registration of the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares on which NextTrip
is relying.

e. The
relevant Unitholder further represents and warrants to NextTrip that:

i. it
qualifies as an Accredited Investor;

ii. it
consents to the placement of a legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the
NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares substantially in the form set forth in Section 3.8(a);

iii. it
has sufficient knowledge and experience in finance, securities, investments and other business
matters to be able to protect its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

Page 20

iv. it
has consulted, to the extent that he, she or it has deemed necessary, with its tax, legal,
accounting and financial advisors concerning his, her or its investment in the NextTrip Series
O Preferred Shares and can afford to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time, including,
without limitation, the risk of losing its entire investment in the NextTrip Series O Preferred
Shares;

v. it
has been furnished during the course of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with
all other public information regarding NextTrip that it has requested, and all such public
information is sufficient for it to evaluate the risks of investing in the NextTrip Series
O Preferred Shares;

vi. it
has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers concerning NextTrip
and the terms and conditions of the issuance of the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares;

vii. it
is not relying on any representations and warranties concerning NextTrip made by NextTrip
or any officer, employee or agent of NextTrip, other than those contained in this Agreement
or the SEC Reports;

viii. it
will not sell or otherwise transfer the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares, unless either
(A) the transfer of the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares is registered under the Securities
Act or (B) an exemption from such registration is available;

ix. it
understands and acknowledges that NextTrip is under no obligation to register the NextTrip
Series O Preferred Shares for sale under the Securities Act;

x. it
represents that the address furnished to NextTrip is its principal office or primary residence;

xi. it
understands and acknowledges that the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares have not been recommended
by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority, that the foregoing
authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of any information
concerning NextTrip that has been supplied to it and that any representation to the contrary
is a criminal offense; and

xii. it
acknowledges that the representations, warranties and agreements made by it in this Section
3.7 shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance of the
NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares.

f. Such
Unitholder is aware of, has received and had an opportunity to review:

i. NextTrips
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2024; and

ii. NextTrips
current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, Form 10-Qs (which filings can be accessed
by going to www.sec.gov), from January 1, 2023, to the date of such Unitholders
entry into this Agreement, in each case (i) through (ii), including the audited and unaudited
financial statements, description of business, risk factors, results of operations, certain
transactions and related business disclosures described therein (collectively the Disclosure
Documents) and an independent investigation made by it of NextTrip. Each Unitholder
acknowledges that due to its receipt of and review of the Disclosure Documents, it has received
similar information as would be included in a Registration Statement filed under the Securities
Act.

Page 21

g. The
relevant Unitholder has not become aware of or been offered the NextTrip Series O Preferred
Shares by any form of general solicitation or advertising, including, but not limited to,
advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine,
or other similar media or television or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting where,
to such Unitholders Knowledge, those individuals that have attended have been invited
by any such or similar means of general solicitation or advertising.

Section
3.8 Stock Legends.

Each
Unitholder hereby agree and acknowledge as follows:

a. The
certificates or book-entry notices evidencing the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares and
each certificate or book entry issued in transfer thereof, will bear the following or similar
legend:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR (2) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION
ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN
THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS.

b. The
certificates or book entries representing the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares, and each
certificate or book entry issued in transfer thereof, will also bear any other legend required
under any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any state corporate and state securities
law, or Contract.

Page 22

Section
3.9 Insider Trading.

The
relevant Unitholder certifies and confirms that it has not directly, or through any third parties, purchased, nor caused to be purchased
in the public marketplace any publicly-traded shares of NextTrip. Such Unitholder further certifies and confirms that it has not communicated
the nature of the transactions contemplated herein, is not aware of any disclosure of non-public information regarding NextTrip or the
transactions contemplated herein and is not a party to any insider trading in NextTrips securities. Such Unitholder further certifies
and confirms that it has not tipped any related parties or third parties regarding the transactions contemplated herein,
or advised any parties to purchase, sell or otherwise trade NextTrips securities.

Section
3.10 No Untrue Representation or Warranty.

No
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or any attachment, schedule, exhibit, certificate or instrument furnished to NextTrip
by the relevant Unitholder pursuant hereto, or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, contains any untrue statement
of a material fact, or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.

ARTICLE
IV: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FSA

FSA
and the Unitholders, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to NextTrip, subject to the exceptions and qualifications specifically
set forth or disclosed in writing in the disclosure schedule delivered by FSA to NextTrip contemporaneously with the execution of this
Agreement (collectively, the FSA Disclosure Schedule) that the statements contained in this Article IV are
true, correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and as of each of the Closing Dates. Each reference to FSA
below shall include a reference to FSAs subsidiaries.

Section
4.1 Organization and Qualification.

FSA
is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, has all requisite corporate authority and power, Licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to carry on its business
as presently conducted and to own, hold and operate its properties and assets as now owned, held and operated by it, and is duly qualified
to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on FSA.

Page 23

Section
4.2 Authority.

FSA
has all requisite authority and power (corporate and other), Licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to enter into and deliver
this Agreement and any of the other Transaction Documents to which FSA is a party and any other certificate, agreement, document or instrument
to be executed and delivered by FSA in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents by FSA and the performance by FSA of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation
by FSA of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of FSA. FSA
does not need to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent or approval of any Person or Governmental
Authority in order for the Parties to execute, deliver or perform this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been, and each of the Transaction Documents to which FSA is a party will be, duly and validly authorized and approved, executed and
delivered by FSA.

Section
4.3 Binding Obligations.

Assuming
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties hereto and
thereto other than FSA, this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which FSA is a party is duly authorized, executed and
delivered by FSA and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of FSA enforceable against FSA in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforcement is limited by general equitable principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar Laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

Section
4.4 No Conflicts.

Neither
the execution nor the delivery by FSA of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which FSA is a party, nor the consummation or
performance by FSA of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will, directly or indirectly, (a) contravene, conflict with, or
result in a violation of any provision of the FSA Organizational Documents; (b) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of
any Law, Order, charge or other restriction or decree applicable to FSA, or by which FSA or any of its respective assets and properties
are bound or affected; (c) contravene, conflict with, result in any breach of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, impair the rights of FSA under, or alter the obligations of any Person under,
or create in any Person the right to terminate, amend, accelerate or cancel, or require any notice, report or other filing (whether with
a Governmental Authority or any other Person) pursuant to, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of the assets or properties of
FSA under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, Contract, License, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which FSA is
a party or by which FSA or any of its respective assets and properties are bound or affected; or (d) contravene, conflict with, or result
in a violation of, the terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Authority the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate
or modify, any Licenses, permits, authorizations, approvals, franchises or other rights held by FSA or that otherwise relate to the business
of, or any of the properties or assets owned or used by, FSA, except, in the case of clauses (b), (c), or (d), for any such contraventions,
conflicts, violations, or other occurrences as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on FSA.

Page 24

Section
4.5 Subsidiaries.

FSA
does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest in any corporation, limited liability company, limited or
general partnership, joint venture or other entity or enterprise. Other than as described in this Agreement, there are no contracts or
other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of FSA to retire, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding units or membership
interests of, or other ownership interests in, any other Person or to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan,
capital contribution or otherwise) in any other Person.

Section
4.6 Organizational Documents.

FSA
has delivered or made available to NextTrip true and correct copies of the Certificate of Organization and Operating Agreement of FSA,
and any other organizational documents of FSA and each of its subsidiaries and Affiliates, each as amended to date, and each such instrument
is in full force and effect (collectively, the FSA Organizational Documents). FSA is not in violation of any of
the provisions of the FSA Organizational Documents. The records or meetings of the members, the managers and any committees, as provided
or made available to NextTrip, are correct and complete.

Section
4.7 Capitalization.

a. The
FSA Units are set forth in Section 4.7 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule. Except as set
forth on such schedule, no FSA Units or other voting securities of FSA were issued, reserved
for issuance or outstanding prior to the Initial Closing. The FSA Units are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, except as may be waived in connection herewith,
not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase option, call option, right of first
refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under any provision of
the Laws of the applicable jurisdiction of formation, the FSA Organizational Documents, or
any Contract to which FSA is a party or otherwise bound. There are not any bonds, debentures,
notes or other Indebtedness of FSA having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable
for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of the FSA Unit
may vote.

Page 25

b. There
are no options, warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities, phantom
unit rights, unit appreciation rights, performance units, commitments, Contracts, arrangements
or undertakings of any kind to which FSA is a party or by which it is bound (x) obligating
FSA to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional units
or other equity interests in, or any security convertible or exercisable for or exchangeable
into any unit of or other equity interest in, FSA; (y) obligating FSA to issue, grant, extend
or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, security, commitment, Contract, arrangement
or undertaking; or (z) that give any Person the right to receive any economic benefit or
right similar to or derived from the economic benefits and rights occurring to holders of
the FSA Units or other equity interests of FSA. There are no outstanding Contracts or obligations
of FSA to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any units or other equity interests of
FSA. There are no registration rights, proxies, voting trust agreements or other agreements
or understandings with respect to any class or series of any unit or other security of FSA.

c. As
of immediately following the Initial Closing, after giving effect to the applicable transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (i) the Initial Interest will have been duly authorized and
validly issued, and will be owned of record and beneficially by NextTrip, (ii) all of the
issued and outstanding units of FSA, including the Initial Interest, will have been issued
in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities Laws, (iii) none of the issued
and outstanding units of FSA, including the Initial Interest, will have been issued in violation
of any agreement, arrangement or commitment to which FSA is a party or is subject to or in
violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any Person, and (iv) all of the units, including
the Initial Interest, will have the rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations
set forth in the FSA Organizational Documents.

Section
4.8 Brokers or Finders.

Except
as has been disclosed to NextTrip regarding Innovative Travel Acquisitions, Inc., the obligations of FSA to which, if any, shall be the
exclusive responsibility of NextTrip, no Person has, or as a result of the transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid
claim against FSA or the Unitholders for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity,
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of FSA or the Unitholders.

Section
4.9 Compliance with Laws.

The
business and operations of FSA have been and are being conducted in accordance with all applicable Laws and Orders. FSA is not in conflict
with, or in default or violation of and, to the Knowledge of FSA, is not under investigation with respect to and has not been threatened
to be charged with or given notice of any violation of or default under, any (a) Law, rule, regulation, judgment or Order; or (b) note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, Contract, License, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which FSA is a party or by which
FSA, or its assets and properties are bound or affected. There is no agreement, judgment or Order binding upon FSA which has, or could
reasonably be expected to have, the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of FSA or the conduct of business
by FSA as currently conducted. FSA has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed with any Governmental Authority and
FSA has made available such forms, reports and documents to NextTrip. As of their respective dates, such forms, reports and documents
complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements pertaining thereto and none of such forms, reports and documents contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Page 26

Section
4.10 Certain Proceedings.

There
is no Action pending against, or to the Knowledge of FSA, threatened against or affecting, FSA by any Governmental Authority or other
Person with respect to FSA, or its business or that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise
interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. FSA is not, and to the Knowledge of FSA has not been, a party
to any material litigation or, within the past two (2) years, the subject of any threat of material litigation (litigation shall be deemed
material if the amount at issue exceeds the lesser of $10,000 per matter or $25,000 in the aggregate). FSA is not in violation
of and, to the Knowledge of FSA, is not under investigation with respect to and have not been threatened to be charged with or given
notice of any violation of any applicable Law, rule, regulation, judgment or Order. To FSAs Knowledge, any past or present director
or officer (in his or her capacity as such) or affiliate of FSA or its subsidiaries, is or has been the subject of any civil, criminal,
or administrative Action involving a claim or violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of
fiduciary duty. Neither FSA, nor to FSAs Knowledge, any past or present director or officer (in his or her capacity as such) or
affiliate of FSA or its subsidiaries, have any reason to believe that they will be the subject of any civil, criminal, or administrative
Action involving a claim or violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.
Neither FSA, nor to FSAs Knowledge, any past or present director or officer (in his or her capacity as such) or affiliate of FSA,
has any reason to believe that they will be the subject of any civil, criminal, or administrative Action brought by any federal or state
agency.

Section
4.11 Contracts.

Except
as set forth in Section 4.11 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule, there are no Contracts that are material to the business, properties,
assets, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations or prospects of FSA. FSA is not in violation of or in default under
(nor does there exist any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of notice would cause such a violation of or default
under) any Contract to which it is a party or to which it or any of its properties or assets is subject, except for violations or defaults
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect of FSA. FSA has obtained
the necessary approvals with each vendor to advise of the transfer of ownership of FSA.

Page 27

Section
4.12 Financial Statements and Tax Matters.

a. Financial
Statements; Books and Records; Accounts Receivable. FSA has delivered to NextTrip
annual financial statements and quarterly statements of FSA for the fiscal years of 2022
and 2023, and the first three fiscal quarters of 2024 (the FSA Financial Statements).
The FSA Financial Statements were prepared in good faith by FSAs management and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of FSA as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

i. The
books and records of FSA are complete and correct in all material respects and have been
maintained in accordance with sound business practices consistent with industry standards.

ii. The
accounts receivable of FSA are reflected on the books and records of FSA and represent valid
obligations arising from the sale of products or performance of services in the Ordinary
Course of Business. To the Knowledge of FSA, the accounts receivable are current and collectible,
net of the respective reserves established on FSAs books and records in accordance
with past practices consistently applied. To the Knowledge of FSA, there is no contest, claim
or right of set-off under any Contract relating to accounts receivable with respect to the
amount or validity of such accounts receivable. Section 4.12(a)(iii) of the FSA Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate aging report of such accounts receivable.

b. Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the date of the latest balance sheet included in the FSA
Financial Statements, FSA has been operated, in the ordinary course and consistent with past
practice and, in any event, there has not been:

i. any
material adverse change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations,
results of operations or prospects of FSA;

ii. any
loss or, to the Knowledge of FSA, any threatened or contemplated loss, of business of any
customers or suppliers of FSA which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on FSA;

iii. any
loss, damage, condemnation or destruction to any of the properties of FSA (whether or not
covered by insurance);

iv. any
borrowings by FSA other than trade payables arising in the ordinary course of the business
and consistent with past practice; or

v. any
sale, transfer or other disposition of any of the assets other than in the ordinary course
of the business and consistent with past practice.

Page 28

c. Tax
Returns; Taxes. FSA has filed all Tax Returns required to be filed (if any) by or
on behalf of FSA and has paid all Taxes of FSA required to have been paid (whether or not
reflected on any Tax Return). No Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction has made a claim,
assertion or threat to FSA that FSA is or may be subject to taxation by such jurisdiction.
There are no Liens with respect to Taxes on FSAs property or assets. There are no
Tax rulings, requests for rulings, or closing agreements relating to FSA for any period (or
portion of a period) that would affect any period after the date hereof. All Taxes that FSA
is or was required by Law to withhold or collect have been withheld and collected and have
been timely paid over in the appropriate amounts to the proper Governmental Authority as
required by Law. FSA has not distributed units or shares of another entity, nor has FSA had
its units distributed by another entity, in a transaction that was purported or intended
to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 of the Code. All related-party transactions
involving FSA have complied with all transfer pricing requirements in all jurisdictions in
which the FSA does business, including at arms length prices and terms in compliance
with Section 482 of the Code. FSA has not obtained or sought any Tax savings, Tax deferrals
or other Tax benefits under the CARES Act. The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, by itself or together with any other contracts, transactions or events,
will not cause any amounts to fail to be deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes
by virtue of Section 280G of the Code.

d. No
Adjustments, Changes. Neither FSA nor any other Person on behalf of FSA:

i. has
executed or entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code or any
predecessor provision thereof or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law; or

ii. has
agreed to or is required to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code or
any similar provision of state, local or foreign law.

e. No
Disputes. There is no pending audit, examination, investigation, dispute, proceeding
or claim with respect to any Taxes of FSA, nor is any such claim or dispute pending or contemplated.
FSA has delivered to NextTrip true, correct and complete copies of all Tax Returns and examination
reports and statements of deficiencies assessed or asserted against or agreed to by FSA,
if any, since its inception and any and all correspondence with respect to the foregoing.

f. Not
a U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. FSA is not and has not been a U.S. real
property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code at any time
during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

g. No
Tax Allocation, Sharing. FSA is not and has not been a party to any Tax allocation
or sharing agreement.

Section
4.13 Internal Accounting Controls.

FSA
maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations; (b) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (d) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. FSA has
established disclosure controls and procedures for FSA and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information
relating to FSA is made known to the officers by others within FSA. FSAs officers have evaluated the effectiveness of FSAs
controls and procedures. Since FSAs Most Recent Fiscal Year End, there have been no significant changes in FSAs internal
controls or, to the Knowledge of FSA, in other factors that could significantly affect FSAs internal controls.

Page 29

Section
4.14 Labor Matters.

a. There
are no collective bargaining or other labor union agreements to which FSA is a party or by
which it is bound. No material labor dispute exists or, to the Knowledge of FSA, is imminent
with respect to any of the employees of FSA.

b. Section
4.14 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all FSA employees, independent
contractors or other Persons providing comparable services to it. FSA is in full compliance
with all Laws regarding employment, wages, hours, benefits, equal opportunity, collective
bargaining, the payment of Social Security and other taxes, and occupational safety and health.
FSA is not liable for the payment of any compensation, damages, taxes, fines, penalties or
other amounts, however designated, for failure to comply with any of the foregoing Laws.

c. To
the Knowledge of FSA, no director, officer or employee of FSA is a party to, or is otherwise
bound by, any Contract (including any confidentiality, non-competition or proprietary rights
agreement) with any other Person that in any way adversely affects or will materially affect
(i) the performance of his or her duties as a director, officer or employee of FSA; or (ii)
the ability of FSA to conduct its business. Each employee of FSA is employed on an at-will
basis and FSA does not have any Contract with any of its employees which would interfere
with its ability to discharge its employees.

Section
4.15 Employee Benefits.

a. FSA
does not, and since its inception never has, maintained or contributed to any bonus, pension,
profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase,
stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation, severance, disability, death benefit,
hospitalization, medical or other plan, arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally
binding) providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer or director of FSA.
There are not any employment, consulting, indemnification, severance or termination agreements
or arrangements between FSA and any current or former employee, officer or director of FSA,
nor does FSA have any general severance plan or policy.

b. FSA
does not, and since its inception never has, maintained or contributed to any employee
pension benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), employee welfare
benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) or any other benefit plan for
the benefit of any current or former employees, consultants, officers or directors of FSA.

Page 30

c. Neither
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby alone, nor in combination with another
event, with respect to each director, officer, employee and consultant of FSA, will result
in

i. any
payment (including, without limitation, severance, unemployment compensation or bonus payments)
becoming due from FSA;

ii. any
increase in the amount of compensation or benefits payable to any such individual; or

iii. any
acceleration of the vesting or timing of payment of compensation payable to any such individual.
No arrangement or other Contract of FSA provides benefits or payments contingent upon, triggered
by, or increased as a result of a change in the ownership or effective control of FSA.

Section
4.16 Title to Assets.

FSA
has sufficient title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its properties and assets used in the conduct of its businesses. All
such assets and properties, other than assets and properties in which FSA has leasehold interests, are free and clear of all Liens, except
for Liens that, in the aggregate, do not and will not materially interfere with the ability of FSA to conduct business as currently conducted.

Section
4.17 Intellectual Property; Data Privacy.

a. Section
4.17(a) of the FSA Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true, complete and correct list
of all applications and registrations of Intellectual Property owned by FSA (FSAs
Registered IP). FSA is the sole and exclusive owner of all of FSAs Registered
IP. All required filings and fees related to FSAs Registered IP have been timely filed
and paid, and all FSAs Registered IP is otherwise in good standing.

b. Section
4.17(b) of FSAs Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true, complete, and correct
list of all Intellectual Property which FSA uses or holds for use, which is not FSAs
Registered IP (FSAs IP). FSAs Registered IP and FSAs
IP together (FSA Intellectual Property) constitutes all of the Intellectual
Property needed, used or held for use by FSA to operate its business as presently conducted.
FSA is the sole and exclusive owner of or has a valid and enforceable license or other right
to use the FSA Intellectual Property, as a case maybe, free and clear of any Liens and, to
the Knowledge of FSA, any infringing or diluting uses thereof by third parties.

Page 31

c. All
of the FSA Intellectual Property is valid and enforceable, and all registrations of FSA Intellectual
Property are subsisting and in full force and effect and have not been cancelled. FSA has
taken all reasonable and necessary steps to maintain and enforce the FSA Intellectual Property.
FSA has neither abandoned nor granted any license, permit or other consent or authorization
to any third party to use any of the FSA Intellectual Property. None of the FSA Intellectual
Property is subject to any outstanding order, decree, judgment, stipulation, injunction or
restriction or agreement restricting the scope or use thereof. To the Knowledge of FSA, none
of the FSA Intellectual Property, the conduct of the Companys business as currently
and formerly conducted and as proposed to be conducted, or the products and services of the
FSA, in each case, has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated and will infringe,
misappropriate, or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property or other rights of any kind
of any third party. There are, and have been formerly, no threats, claims, suits, actions
or other proceedings (including any oppositions, interferences, reviews, or re- examinations)
settled or pending or, to the Knowledge of the FSA, threatened in writing that allege any
such infringement, misappropriation or violation or challenging the validity, enforceability,
registrability, or ownership of any FSA Intellectual Property.

d. To
FSAs Knowledge, no Person has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any
of FSAs Intellectual Property.

e. FSA
has taken commercially reasonable steps to maintain and protect, and to provide for the continuity,
integrity, and security of, trade secrets and other confidential information of or held by
FSA, including requiring all Persons having access thereto to execute written non-disclosure
or work-for-hire agreements. FSA has used commercially reasonable efforts to enter into written
agreements with current and former employees, and with current and former independent contractors,
who are or were involved in or have contributed to the invention, creation, or development
of any FSA Intellectual Property during the course of employment or engagement with the FSA,
whereby the employee or independent contractor (1) acknowledges FSAs exclusive ownership
of all Intellectual Property invented, created, or developed by such employee or independent
contractor within the scope of his or her employment or engagement with FSA; (2) grants to
the FSA a present, irrevocable assignment of any ownership interest such employee or independent
contractor may have in or to such Intellectual Property, to the extent such Intellectual
Property does not constitute a work made for hire under applicable Law; and
(3) irrevocably waives any right or interest, including any moral rights, regarding any such
Intellectual Property, to the extent permitted by applicable Law.

f. The
computer programs, software and code, whether in source code, object code, or executable
code format, including systems software, application software (including mobile apps), firmware,
middleware, programming tools, scripts, routines, interfaces, input and output formats, libraries,
data, data models and databases, and all related specifications and documentation, including
developer notes, comments and annotations, operating instructions, user manuals, training
materials and tangible media relating to any of the foregoing (Software),
information technology and computer systems (including the computers, computer software,
databases, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, interfaces,
data communications lines, websites, applications and all other information technology equipment
and software, and all associated documentation) of FSA (collectively, FSA Business
Systems) are reasonably sufficient for the immediate and anticipated needs of
the business and operations of FSA. FSA Business Systems are in sufficiently good working
condition to perform all information technology operations and include sufficient licensed
capacity for all software, in each case as necessary for the conduct of the business and
operations of FSA as currently conducted and as currently contemplated to be conducted. FSA
maintains commercially reasonable back-up and data recovery, disaster recovery and business
continuity plans, procedures and facilities, acts in compliance therewith, and tests such
plans and procedures on a regular basis, and such plans and procedures have been proven effective
in all material respects upon such testing.

Page 32

g. To
FSAs Knowledge, FSAs data, privacy and security practices comply, and at all
times have complied, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws relating to the processing
of personal data, data privacy, data or cyber security, breach notification, or data localization,
including the Federal Trade Commission Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), GDPR
and HIPAA for the conduct of business as currently conducted, and in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

h. To
FSAs Knowledge, FSA has implemented and at all times has maintained reasonable and
appropriate organizational, physical, administrative and technical measures consistent with
the industry in which FSA operates to protect the operation, confidentiality, integrity and
security of all of FSAs confidential and other data and information in the conduct
of the business of the FSA (FSA Business Data) and the FSA Business
Systems, against misuse. To FSAs Knowledge, FSA Business Systems are free from material
bugs and other defects and do not contain any virus, worm, spyware
or other malicious software.

i. FSA
has obligated all third party service providers, outsourcers, and processors of confidential
information on their behalf, if any, and all third parties managing FSA Business Systems
on their behalf, if any, to appropriate contractual terms relating to the processing of FSA
Business Data (as applicable and as required by Data Protection and Security Requirements)
and information security and have taken reasonable measures to ensure that such third parties
have complied with their contractual obligations. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, FSA has entered into business associate agreements with vendors and customers
in all situations where required by applicable Law.

j. FSA
has not received any notice of any claims, investigations, for alleged violations of Data
Protection and Security Requirements with respect to personal data subject to processing
by, or under the control of, FSA, and, to the Knowledge of the FSA, there are no facts or
circumstances that are likely to form the basis for any such claims, investigations or allegations.

Page 33

k. FSA
has obtained the right to use all Software (i) used in its business, other than off-the-shelf
Software (Licensed Software) and (ii) developed by FSA and that is used
in the business of the FSA (FSA Owned Software). FSA is in compliance
with all material provisions of any Contract pursuant to which the FSA has the right to use
the Licensed Software.

l. Section
4.17(l) of the Disclosure Schedule identifies all Open Source Technology, if any,
that is or has been used by the FSA in the development of or incorporated into, combined
with, linked with, distributed with, provided to any Person as a service, provided via a
network as a service or application, or otherwise made available with, any FSA Owned Software.
FSA has not used any Open Source Technology in a manner that requires, or would reasonably
be expected to require, the (i) disclosure or distribution of any FSA Owned Software in source
code form, (ii) license or other provision of any FSA Owned Software on a royalty-free basis,
or (iii) grant of any license, non-assertion covenant or other rights or immunities under
any FSA Owned Software or rights to modify, make derivative works based on, decompile, disassemble
or reverse engineer any FSA Owned Software, including any copyleft license.
FSA has complied, in all material respects, with all notice, attribution and other requirements
of each applicable Open Source Technology license.

m. To
FSAs Knowledge, no FSA Owned Software (or, to the Knowledge of the FSA, other software)
used in the business or operations of the FSA or provision of any FSA product or service
contains any time bomb, Trojan horse, back door,
worm, virus, malware, spyware, or other device or code (Malicious
Code) that would reasonably be expected to impair the normal and authorized operation
of any computer system, network or device or damage, destroy or prevent the access to or
use of any data without consent.

n. FSA
is in actual possession of and has exclusive control over all source code for all FSA Owned
Software. FSA possesses all source code and other documentation and materials necessary or
useful to compile, maintain and operate all FSA Owned Software. FSA has not disclosed, delivered,
licensed or otherwise made available, and do not have a duty or obligation (whether present,
contingent or otherwise) to disclose, deliver, license or otherwise make available, any source
code for any FSA Owned Software to any Person, other than in the performance of services
for the FSA. To FSAs Knowledge, FSA is in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable Laws pertaining to (i) data security, cybersecurity, privacy, and (ii) the
collection, storage, use, access, disclosure, processing, security, and transfer of personal
data, to the extent that it is subject to same. FSA does not have any premises, employees
or tangible assets, and does not conduct any business activities, in any country other than
the U.S.

Page 34

Section
4.18 Environmental Laws

FSA
(a) is in compliance with all Environmental Laws (as defined below); (b) has received all Licenses or other approvals required under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its business; and (c) is in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such License or
approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on FSA. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local
or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface
water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous
Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,
disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions,
judgments, Licenses, notices or notice letters, Orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

Section
4.19 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees.

Except
as set forth in Section 4.19 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule, no officer, director, employee of FSA or any Affiliate of any such
Person (each, a Related Party), has or has had, either directly or indirectly, an interest in any transaction with
FSA (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any Contract or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services, materials, or other items, to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring
payments to or from any such Person or, to the Knowledge of FSA, any entity in which any such Person has an interest or is an officer,
director, trustee or partner. FSA is not dependent on any services or materials owned by any Related Party.

Section
4.20 Liabilities.

Except
as set forth on Section 4.20 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule or in the FSA Financial Statements, FSA has no undisclosed Liability
that would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP (and there is no Action pending, or to the
Knowledge of FSA, threatened against FSA that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any such Liability). FSA is not a guarantor
nor is it otherwise liable for any Liability or obligation (including Indebtedness) of any other Person. There are no financial or contractual
obligations (including any obligations to issue units or other securities) executory after the Closing Date.

Section
4.21 Money Laundering Laws.

The
operations of FSA are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements
of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions,
the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by
any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no Proceeding involving FSA with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of FSA, threatened.

Page 35

Section
4.22 Foreign Corrupt Practices.

Neither
FSA, nor, to the Knowledge of FSA, any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting on behalf of FSA has, in the course
of its actions for, or on behalf of, FSA (a) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses relating to political activity; (b) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official
or employee from corporate funds; (c) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended; or (d) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee.

Section
4.23 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

Except
as set forth in Section 4.23 of the FSA Disclosure Schedule, since the date of the most recent FSA balance sheet delivered to
NextTrip (a) FSA has conducted its business only in Ordinary Course of Business; and (b) there has not been any material change in the
assets, Liabilities, financial condition or operating results of FSA, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business that have not
caused, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on FSA. FSA has not taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any Law or statute
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up, nor does FSA have any Knowledge or reason
to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any
fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so.

Section
4.24 Insurance.

Except
as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on FSA, (a) FSA is insured
with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as the management of FSA reasonably has determined to be prudent and consistent
with industry practice, and FSA and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with their insurance policies and are
not in default under any of the terms thereof, (b) each such policy is outstanding and in full force and effect and, except for policies
insuring against potential liabilities of officers, directors and employees of FSA , FSA is the sole beneficiary of such policies, (c)
all premiums and other payments due under any such policy have been paid, and all claims thereunder have been filed in due and timely
fashion, (d) there is no claim for coverage by FSA pending under any insurance policy as to which coverage has been questioned, denied
or disputed by the underwriters of such insurance policy and (e) FSA has not received notice of any threatened termination of, material
premium increase with respect to, or material alteration of coverage under, any insurance policies.

Page 36

Section
4.25 Investment Company.

FSA
is not, and is not an affiliate of, and immediately following the Closing will not have become, an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Section
4.26 Financial Statements.

Using
commercially reasonable efforts, FSA and its officers and employees shall assist NextTrip and its accountants and auditors in preparing
audited and unaudited financial statements as required by Regulation S-X and as required and requested from time to time by the SEC and
the SECs rules and requirements, and shall further supply NextTrip all information, reports, documentation and financial information
reasonably requested in connection therewith. The costs of all audits and the preparation of all financial information required pursuant
to this Section 4.26 shall be paid by NextTrip.

Section
4.27 No Untrue Representation or Warranty.

No
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or any attachment, schedule, exhibit, certificate or instrument furnished to NextTrip
by FSA pursuant hereto, or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, contains any untrue statement of a material fact,
or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.

ARTICLE
V: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF NEXTTRIP

NextTrip
hereby represents and warrants to FSA and the Unitholders, subject to the exceptions and qualifications specifically set forth or disclosed
in the SEC Reports that the statements contained in this Article V are correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement,
the date of the Initial Closing, and the date of the Final Closing. All references below to NextTrips subsidiaries
shall only refer to NextTrips subsidiaries and not any minority owned subsidiaries. Each reference to NextTrip below shall include
where applicable and warranted, a reference to NextTrips subsidiaries.

Section
5.1 Organization and Qualification.

NextTrip
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization,
has all requisite corporate authority and power, Licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to carry on its business as presently
conducted and to own, hold and operate its properties and assets as now owned, held and operated by it, and is duly qualified to do business
and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected, individually or in
the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on NextTrip. The NextTrip Common Stock is presently quoted on the Principal Market and,
except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, NextTrip has not received any notice from the SEC that it has or will commence, institute or
bring a proceeding pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act.

Page 37

Section
5.2 Authority.

NextTrip
has all requisite authority and power, Licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to enter into and deliver this Agreement and
any of the other Transaction Documents to which NextTrip is a party and any other certificate, agreement, document or instrument to be
executed and delivered by NextTrip in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and, to perform their respective
obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, subject to approval of the issuance
of the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares at a meeting of the stockholders. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents by NextTrip and the performance by NextTrip of its respective obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation
by NextTrip of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of NextTrip.
NextTrip is not required to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent or approval of any Person
or Governmental Authority in order for the Parties to execute, deliver or perform this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
other than filings and notices required by SEC rules and regulations and requirements of the Principal Market, all of which have been
or will be timely made. This Agreement has been, and each of the Transaction Documents to which NextTrip is a party will be, duly and
validly authorized and approved, executed and delivered by NextTrip.

Section
5.3 Binding Obligations.

Assuming
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties hereto and
thereto other than NextTrip, this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which NextTrip is a party are duly authorized, executed
and delivered by NextTrip and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of NextTrip enforceable against NextTrip in accordance
with their respective terms, except as such enforcement is limited by general equitable principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and
other similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

Section
5.4 No Conflicts.

Neither
the execution nor the delivery by NextTrip of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which NextTrip is a party, nor the consummation
or performance by NextTrip of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (except as discussed below) will, directly or indirectly,
(a) contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation of any provision of NextTrip Organizational Documents; (b) contravene, conflict
with or result in a violation of any Law, Order, charge or other restriction or decree of any Governmental Authority or any rule or regulation
of the Principal Market applicable to NextTrip, or by which NextTrip or any of its respective assets and properties are bound or affected;
(c) contravene, conflict with, result in any breach of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both
would become a default) under, impair the rights of NextTrip under, or alter the obligations of any Person under, or create in any Person
the right to terminate, amend, accelerate or cancel, or require any notice, report or other filing (whether with a Governmental Authority
or any other Person) pursuant to, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of the assets or properties of NextTrip under, any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, Contract, License, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which NextTrip is a party or by
which NextTrip or any of its respective assets and properties are bound or affected (except as relating to notes, bonds, mortgages, indentures,
Contracts and other instruments requiring approval of counterparties which have not been obtained as of the date of this Agreement, but
which will be obtained prior to Closing); or (d) contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation of, the terms or requirements of,
or give any Governmental Authority the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any Licenses, permits, authorizations,
approvals, franchises or other rights held by NextTrip or that otherwise relate to the business of, or any of the properties or assets
owned or used by, NextTrip, except, in the case of clauses (b), (c) or (d), for any such contraventions, conflicts, violations, or other
occurrences as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on NextTrip.

Page 38

Section
5.5 Subsidiaries.

Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, NextTrip does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest in any corporation,
limited liability company, limited or general partnership, joint venture or other entity or enterprise. Except as set forth in the SEC
Reports, there are no Contracts or other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of NextTrip to retire, repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other ownership interests in, any other Person or to provide funds to or make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any other Person.

Section
5.6 Organizational Documents.

A
true and correct copy of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of NextTrip and any other organizational documents of NextTrip, each
as amended, and each such instrument is in full force and effect (the NextTrip Organizational Documents) are available
in the SEC Reports. NextTrip is not in violation of any of the provisions of its NextTrip Organizational Documents. The minute books
(containing the records or meetings of the stockholders, the board of directors and any committees of the board of directors), as provided
or made available to FSA, are correct and complete.

Section
5.7 Capitalization.

a. The
authorized and outstanding capital stock or other voting securities of NextTrip (the NextTrip
Capital Stock) and each of its subsidiaries is set forth in the SEC Reports. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, no NextTrip Capital Stock nor any capital stock or other
voting securities of any of its majority subsidiaries are issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding. NextTrip owns of record and beneficially all of the capital stock or other voting
securities of each of its subsidiaries. All the outstanding NextTrip Capital Stock and all
the outstanding capital stock of each of its subsidiaries are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase option,
call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar
right under any provision of the Laws of the applicable jurisdiction of formation, the NextTrip
Organizational Documents or any Contract to which NextTrip is a party or otherwise bound.
There are not any bonds, debentures, notes or other Indebtedness of NextTrip or any of its
subsidiaries having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities
having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of the NextTrip Common Stock or
other voting securities may vote. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no options,
warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities, phantom stock rights,
stock appreciation rights, stock-based performance units, commitments, Contracts, arrangements
or undertakings of any kind to which NextTrip is a party or by which it is bound (x) obligating
NextTrip or its subsidiaries, to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other equity interests in, or any security
convertible or exercisable for or exchangeable into any capital stock of or other equity
interest in, NextTrip or its subsidiaries; (y) obligating NextTrip or its subsidiaries to
issue, grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, security, commitment,
Contract, arrangement or undertaking; or (z) that give any Person the right to receive any
economic benefit or right similar to or derived from the economic benefits and rights occurring
to holders of the capital stock or other equity interests of NextTrip and each of its subsidiaries.
There are no outstanding Contracts or obligations of NextTrip to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of capital stock or other equity interests of NextTrip or any of its subsidiaries.
Except at set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no registration rights, proxies, voting
trust agreements or other agreements or understandings with respect to any class or series
of any capital stock or other security of NextTrip and each of its subsidiaries, which has
not previously been satisfied or waived.

b. The
issuance of the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares to the Unitholders has been duly authorized
and, upon delivery to the Unitholders of certificates therefor, at Closing, in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares will have been validly
issued and fully paid, and will be nonassessable, have the rights, preferences and privileges
specified, will be free of preemptive rights and will be free and clear of all Liens and
restrictions, other than Liens created by the Unitholders and restrictions on transfer imposed
by this Agreement and the Securities Act.

Page 39

Section
5.8 Compliance with Laws.

The
business and operations of NextTrip have been and are being conducted in accordance with all applicable Laws and Orders. Except as set
forth in the SEC Reports, NextTrip is not in conflict with, or in default or violation of and, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, is not under
investigation with respect to and has not been threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation of or default under, any
(a) Law, rule, regulation, judgment or Order; or (b) note, bond, mortgage, indenture, Contract, License, permit, franchise or other instrument
or obligation to which NextTrip is a party or by which NextTrip, any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any of their respective assets
and properties are bound or affected. There is no agreement, judgment or Order binding upon NextTrip or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates
which has, or could reasonably be expected to have, the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of NextTrip
or the conduct of business by NextTrip as currently conducted. NextTrip has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed
with any Governmental Authority and NextTrip has made available such forms, reports and documents to FSA. As of their respective dates,
such forms, reports and documents complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements pertaining thereto and none of such
forms, reports and documents contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Section
5.9 Certain Proceedings.

Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no Action pending against, or to the Knowledge of NextTrip, threatened against or affecting,
NextTrip by any Governmental Authority or other Person with respect to NextTrip or its business or that challenges, or may have the effect
of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, NextTrip has not been a party to any material litigation or, within the past two (2) years, the subject
of any threat of material litigation (litigation shall be deemed material if the amount at issue exceeds the lesser
of $10,000 per matter or $25,000 in the aggregate). NextTrip is not in violation of and, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, is not under investigation
with respect to and has not been threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation of, any applicable Law, rule, regulation,
judgment or Order. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither NextTrip nor to NextTrips Knowledge any past or present director
or officer (in his or her capacity as such) or affiliate, is or has been the subject of any civil, criminal, or administrative Action
involving a claim or violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty in the past
ten (10) years. Neither NextTrip nor to NextTrips Knowledge any past or present director or officer (in his or her capacity as
such) or affiliate, have any reason to believe that they will be the subject of any civil, criminal, or administrative Action involving
a claim or violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. Neither NextTrip
nor to NextTrips Knowledge any past or present director or officer (in his or her capacity as such) or affiliate, have any reason
to believe that they will be the subject of any civil, criminal, or administrative Action brought by any federal or state agency.

Page 40

Section
5.10 No Brokers or Finders.

Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has, or as a result of the transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid
claim against NextTrip for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity, based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of NextTrip. Subject to the final sentence of this section, NextTrip shall be solely responsible for payment of
any undisclosed obligation.

Section
5.11 Contracts.

Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no Contracts that are material to the business, properties, assets, condition (financial or
otherwise), results of operations or prospects of NextTrip. NextTrip is not in violation of or in default under (nor does there exist
any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of notice would cause such a violation of or default under) any Contract to
which it is a party or to which it or any of its properties or assets is subject, except for violations or defaults that would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect of NextTrip.

Section
5.12 SEC Reports.

a. Since
January 1, 2020, NextTrip has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act (the SEC Reports).

b. As
of their respective dates, the SEC Reports and any registration statements filed by NextTrip
under the Securities Act (the Registration Statements) complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as applicable,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports
or Registration Statements, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. All material Contracts to which NextTrip is a party or to which the property
or assets of NextTrip are subject have been filed as exhibits to the SEC Reports and the
Registration Statements as and to the extent required under the Exchange Act and the Securities
Act, as applicable. The financial statements of NextTrip included in the SEC Reports and
the Registration Statements complied in all respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of
filing, were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, or, in the case of unaudited statements
as permitted by Form 10-Q), and fairly present in all material respects (subject in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal, recurring audit adjustments) the financial position of
NextTrip as at the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended. The disclosure set forth in the SEC Reports and Registration Statements
regarding NextTrips business is current and complete and accurately reflects operations
of NextTrip as it exists as of the date hereof. There is no order issued by the SEC suspending
the effectiveness of any outstanding Registration Statement and there are no proceedings
for that purpose that have been initiated or threatened by the SEC.

Page 41

Section
5.13 Internal Accounting Controls.

NextTrip
maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations; (b) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (d) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. NextTrip
has established disclosure controls and procedures for NextTrip and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information relating to NextTrip is made known to the officers by others within NextTrip. NextTrips officers have evaluated the
effectiveness of NextTrips controls and procedures. Since the NextTrip Most Recent Fiscal Year End, there have been no significant
changes in NextTrips internal controls or, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, in other factors that could significantly affect NextTrips
internal controls.

Section
5.14 Listing and Maintenance Requirements.

Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, NextTrip is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be,
in compliance with the listing and maintenance requirements for continued listing or quotation of the NextTrip Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any other trading market on which the NextTrip Common Stock is currently listed or quoted. The issuance and sale of the NextTrip
Series O Preferred Shares under this Agreement, assuming the approval of NextTrips stockholders for the issuance of such NextTrip
Shares at the Stockholders Meeting is received, will not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

Section
5.15 Application of Takeover Protections.

NextTrip
has taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the NextTrip Organizational Documents
or the Laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby.

Page 42

Section
5.16 Tax Matters.

a. Tax
Returns. NextTrip and its subsidiaries have filed all Tax Returns required to be
filed (if any) by or on behalf of NextTrip and such subsidiary and have paid all Taxes of
such entity required to have been paid (whether or not reflected on any Tax Return). No Governmental
Authority in any jurisdiction has made a claim, assertion or threat to NextTrip or any of
its subsidiaries that NextTrip or such subsidiary is or may be subject to taxation by such
jurisdiction; there are no Liens with respect to Taxes on NextTrips or any of its
subsidiaries property or assets; and there are no Tax rulings, requests for rulings,
or closing agreements relating to NextTrip or any of its subsidiaries for any period (or
portion of a period) that would affect any period after the date hereof.

b. No
Adjustments, Changes. Neither NextTrip nor any other Person on behalf of NextTrip
(i) has executed or entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code
or any predecessor provision thereof or any similar provision of state, local or foreign
law; or (ii) has agreed to or is required to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 481(a)
of the Code or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law.

c. No
Disputes. There is no pending audit, examination, investigation, dispute, proceeding
or claim with respect to any Taxes of NextTrip or any of its subsidiaries, nor is any such
claim or dispute pending or contemplated. NextTrip has delivered to the FSA true, correct
and complete copies of all Tax Returns and examination reports and statements of deficiencies
assessed or asserted against or agreed to by NextTrip or any of its subsidiaries, if any,
for the past three years, and any and all correspondence with respect to the foregoing.

d. Not
a U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither NextTrip nor any of its subsidiaries
is and has not been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897(c)(2) of the Code at any time during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii)
of the Code.

e. No
Tax Allocation, Sharing. Neither NextTrip nor any of its subsidiaries is party to,
and has not been a party to, any Tax allocation or sharing agreement.

Section
5.17 Labor Matters.

a. There
are no collective bargaining or other labor union agreements to which NextTrip is a party
or by which it is bound. No material labor dispute exists or, to the Knowledge of NextTrip,
is imminent with respect to any of the employees of NextTrip.

b. NextTrip
is in full compliance with all Laws regarding employment, wages, hours, benefits, equal opportunity,
collective bargaining, the payment of Social Security and other taxes, and occupational safety
and health. NextTrip is not liable for the payment of any compensation, damages, taxes, fines,
penalties or other amounts, however designated, for failure to comply with any of the foregoing
Laws.

c. To
the Knowledge of NextTrip, no director, officer or employee of NextTrip is a party to, or
is otherwise bound by, any Contract (including any confidentiality, non-competition or proprietary
rights agreement) with any other Person that in any way adversely affects or will materially
affect (i) the performance of his or her duties as a director, officer or employee of NextTrip;
or (ii) the ability of NextTrip to conduct its business. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports,
each employee of NextTrip is employed on an at-will basis and NextTrip does not have any
Contract with any of its employees which would interfere with its ability to discharge its
employees.

Page 43

Section
5.18 Employee Benefits.

a. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, NextTrip does not, and since its inception never has, maintained
or contributed to any bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation,
stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation, severance,
disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical or other plan, arrangement or understanding
(whether or not legally binding) providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer
or director of NextTrip. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are not any employment,
consulting, indemnification, severance or termination agreements or arrangements between
NextTrip and any current or former employee, officer or director of NextTrip, nor does NextTrip
have any general severance plan or policy.

b. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, NextTrip does not, and for the past five (5) years has not,
maintained or contributed to any employee pension benefit plans (as defined
in Section 3(2) of ERISA), employee welfare benefit plans (as defined in Section
3(1) of ERISA) or any other benefit plan for the benefit of any current or former employees,
consultants, officers or directors of NextTrip.

c. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby alone, or in combination with another event, with respect to each director, officer,
employee and consultant of NextTrip, will result in (i) any payment (including, without limitation,
severance, unemployment compensation or bonus payments) becoming due from NextTrip; (ii)
any increase in the amount of compensation or benefits payable to any such individual; or
(iii) any acceleration of the vesting or timing of payment of compensation payable to any
such individual. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no arrangement or other Contract
of NextTrip provides benefits or payments contingent upon, triggered by, or increased as
a result of a change in the ownership or effective control of NextTrip.

Section
5.19 Title to Assets.

NextTrip
has sufficient title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its properties and assets used in the conduct of its businesses. All
such assets and properties, other than assets and properties in which NextTrip has leasehold interests, are free and clear of all Liens,
except for Liens that, in the aggregate, do not and will not materially interfere with the ability of NextTrip to conduct business as
currently conducted.

Page 44

Section
5.20 Intellectual Property.

The
SEC Reports describe all Intellectual Property used by NextTrip in its business as presently conducted, which constitutes all of its
Intellectual Property needed by NextTrip to operate its business as presently conducted. NextTrip is the sole and exclusive owner of
or has a license or other right to use the Intellectual Property, free and clear of any Liens and, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, any
infringing uses thereof by third parties. NextTrip has neither abandoned nor granted any license, permit or other consent or authorization
to any third party to use any of its Intellectual Property except in the Ordinary Course of Business and except as provided in the APA
and as set forth in the SEC Reports. None of its Intellectual Property is subject to any outstanding order, decree, judgment, stipulation,
injunction or restriction or agreement restricting the scope or use thereof. To the Knowledge of NextTrip, none of its Intellectual Property
infringes on any trademarks, Internet domain names, copyrights or any other intellectual property rights of any kind of any third party.

Section
5.21 Environmental Laws.

NextTrip
(a) is in compliance with all Environmental Laws; (b) has received all Licenses or other approvals required under applicable Environmental
Laws to conduct its business: and (c) is in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such License or approval where, in each of
the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on NextTrip.

Section
5.22 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees.

Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no officer, director, employee or stockholder of NextTrip or any Affiliate of any such Person, has or
has had, either directly or indirectly, a material interest in any transaction with NextTrip (other than for services as employees, officers
and directors), including any Contract or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of
real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any such Person or, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, any
entity in which any such Person has an interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

Section
5.23 Liabilities.

NextTrip
has no Liability (and there is no Action pending, or to the Knowledge of NextTrip, threatened against NextTrip that would reasonably
be expected to give rise to any Liability), except as set forth in the SEC Reports. NextTrip is not a guarantor nor is it otherwise liable
for any Liability or obligation (including Indebtedness) of any other Person. There are no financial or contractual obligations (including
any obligations to issue capital stock or other securities) executory after the Closing Date.

Page 45

Section
5.24 Investment Company.

NextTrip
is not, and is not an affiliate of, and immediately following the Closing will not have become, an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Section
5.25 Money Laundering Laws.

The
operations of NextTrip are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements
of the Money Laundering Laws and no Proceeding involving NextTrip with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge
of NextTrip, threatened.

Section
5.26 Foreign Corrupt Practices.

Neither
NextTrip, nor, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting on behalf of NextTrip has,
in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, NextTrip (a) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (b) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee from corporate funds; (c) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended; or (d) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any
foreign or domestic government official or employee.

Section
5.27 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, from the NextTrip Most Recent Fiscal Year End (a) NextTrip has conducted its business only in Ordinary
Course of Business; (b) there has not been any change in the assets, Liabilities, financial condition or operating results of NextTrip,
except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business that have not caused, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on NextTrip; and
(c) NextTrip has not completed or undertaken any of the actions set forth in Section 6.2. NextTrip has not taken any steps to
seek protection pursuant to any Law or statute relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding
up, nor does NextTrip have any Knowledge or reason to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy
proceedings or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so.

Section
5.28 Undisclosed Events.

No
event, Liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is contemplated to occur with respect to NextTrip, or its businesses,
properties, prospects, operations or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by NextTrip under applicable securities
laws on a registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an issuance and sale by NextTrip of its common stock and
which has not been publicly announced or will not be publicly announced in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by NextTrip filed within
four (4) Business Days after the Closing.

Page 46

Section
5.29 Insurance.

Except
as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on NextTrip, (a) NextTrip
and its subsidiaries are insured with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as the management of NextTrip reasonably
has determined to be prudent and consistent with industry practice, and NextTrip and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material
respects with their insurance policies and are not in default under any of the terms thereof, (b) each such policy is outstanding and
in full force and effect and, except for policies insuring against potential liabilities of officers and directors of NextTrip and its
subsidiaries, NextTrip or its relevant subsidiary is the sole beneficiary of such policies, (c) all premiums and other payments due under
any such policy have been paid or provided for, and all claims thereunder have been filed in due and timely fashion, (d) there is no
claim for coverage by NextTrip or its subsidiaries pending under any insurance policy as to which coverage has been questioned, denied
or disputed by the underwriters of such insurance policy and (e) neither NextTrip nor its subsidiaries has received notice of any threatened
termination of, material premium increase with respect to, or material alteration of coverage under, any insurance policies.

Section
5.30 Investment Purpose.

NextTrip
is acquiring the Purchased Interest solely for its own account for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in
connection with, any distribution thereof. NextTrip acknowledges that the Purchased Interests are not registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws, and that the Purchased Interests may not be transferred or sold except pursuant
to the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom and subject
to state securities laws and regulations, as applicable.

Section
5.31 Disclosure.

All
documents and other papers delivered or made available by or on behalf of NextTrip in connection with this Agreement are true, complete,
correct and authentic in all material respects. No representation or warranty of NextTrip contained in this Agreement and no statement
or disclosure made by or on behalf of NextTrip to FSA or the Unitholders pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated
herein contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein
or therein not misleading.

Page 47

ARTICLE
VI: CONDUCT PRIOR TO CLOSING

Section
6.1 Conduct of Business.

At
all times during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination
of this Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof or the Final Closing (the Restricted Period), each of NextTrip and
FSA shall (a) carry on their respective businesses diligently and in the usual, regular and Ordinary Course of Business, in substantially
the same manner as currently being conducted and in compliance with all applicable Laws (b) pay or perform its material obligations when
due; (c) use its commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with past practices and policies, to preserve intact its present business
organization, keep available the services of its present officers and employees and preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
distributors, licensors, licensees and others with which it has business dealings; and (d) keep their business and properties substantially
intact, including their present operations, physical facilities and working conditions.

Section
6.2 Restrictions on Conduct of Business.

Without
limiting the generality of the terms of Section 6.1 hereof, FSA shall not do any of the following during the Restricted Period,
where applicable:

a. except
as required by applicable Law, waive any unit repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change
the period of exercisability of options or restricted units, or reprice options granted under
any employee, consultant or director incentive plans or authorize cash payments in exchange
for any options granted under any of such plans;

b. enter
into any partnership arrangements, joint development agreements or strategic alliances, other
than in the Ordinary Course of Business;

c. increase
the compensation or fringe benefits of, or pay any bonuses or special awards to, any present
or former director, officer, member or employee of FSA (except for increases in salary or
wages in the Ordinary Course of Business, or, as it relates to FSA in an amount not to exceed
$100,000 per annum to any one employee or executive) or increase any fees to any independent
contractors; (ii) grant any severance or termination pay to any present or former director,
officer or employee of FSA; (iii) enter into, amend or terminate any employment Contract,
independent contractor agreement or collective bargaining agreement, written or oral; or
(iv) establish, adopt, enter into, amend or terminate any bonus, profit sharing, incentive,
severance, or other plan, agreement, program, policy, trust, fund or other arrangement that
would be an employee benefit plan if it were in existence as of the date of this Agreement,
except as required by applicable Law;

d. except
as contemplated by this Agreement, or pursuant to agreements in place at the time this Agreement
is entered into, issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber, or propose
any of the foregoing with respect to, any units or any securities convertible into, or exercisable
or exchangeable for, units of FSA, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire
any units or any securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, units of
FSA, or enter into other Contracts or commitments of any character obligating it to issue
any such units of FSA or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for,
units of FSA;

Page 48

e. cause,
permit or propose any amendments to any FSA Organizational Documents, except as may be contemplated
hereby;

f. acquire
or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest
in or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
limited liability company, general or limited partnership, joint venture, association, business
trust or other business enterprise or entity, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any
assets other than in the Ordinary Course of Business;

g. adopt
a plan of merger, complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization;

h. except
as required by applicable Law, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan or employee unit
purchase or employee option plan, or enter into any employment Contract or collective bargaining
agreement (other than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the Ordinary Course
of Business with employees who are terminable at will), pay any special bonus
or special remuneration to any director or employee other than in the Ordinary Course of
Business, or increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to
severance or indemnification) of its officers;

i. except
in the Ordinary Course of Business, modify, amend or terminate any Contract to which FSA
is a party, or waive, delay the exercise of, release or assign any rights or claims thereunder;

j. sell,
lease, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose
of any of its properties or assets, except in the Ordinary Course of Business;

k. (i)
incur any Indebtedness or guarantee any such Indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell
any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of FSA, guarantee
any debt securities of another Person, enter into any keep well or other agreement
to maintain any financial statement condition of another Person or enter into any arrangement
having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, except for endorsements and guarantees
for collection, short-term borrowings and lease obligations, in each case incurred in the
Ordinary Course of Business; or (ii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to,
or investment in, any other Person, other than to FSA;

l. pay,
discharge or satisfy any claims (including claims of stockholders), Liabilities or obligations
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), except for the payment,
discharge or satisfaction of liabilities or obligations in the Ordinary Course of Business
or in accordance with their terms as in effect on the date hereof, or waive, release, grant,
or transfer any rights of material value or modify or change in any material respect any
existing License, Contract or other document, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business;

Page 49

m. change
any financial reporting or accounting principle, methods or practices used by it unless otherwise
required by applicable Law or GAAP;

n. settle
or compromise any litigation (whether or not commenced prior to the date of this Agreement);

o. (i)
except as contemplated hereby, declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other
distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock; (ii) split, combine or reclassify
any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect
of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock; or (iii) purchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any units of FSA or any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants
or options to acquire any such shares or other securities;

p. enter
into any transaction with any of its directors, officers, stockholders, or Affiliates; make
any capital expenditure in excess of $100,000, which shall exclude any transaction fees associated
with this Agreement;

q. (i)
grant any license or sublicense of any rights under or with respect to any Intellectual Property;
(ii) dispose of or let lapse and Intellectual Property, or any application for the foregoing,
or any license, permit or authorization to use any Intellectual Property; or (iii) amend,
terminate any other Contract, license or permit to which FSA is a party;

r. file
or amend any material Tax Return, or otherwise make, or permit to be made, without the prior
written consent of the other Party any material Tax election which would affect NextTrip
or FSA, except in the Ordinary Course of Business or as required by applicable Law; or

s. commit
to or otherwise to take any of the actions described in this Section 6.2.

ARTICLE
VII: ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section
7.1 Access to Information.

Each
of NextTrip and FSA shall afford the other Party, its accountants, counsel and other representatives (including the Unitholders), reasonable
access, during normal business hours, to the properties, books, records and personnel of such Party at any time prior to the Closing
in order to enable each Party to obtain all information concerning the business, assets and properties, results of operations and personnel
of the other Party as each Party may reasonably request. No information obtained in the foregoing investigation by a Party pursuant to
this Section 7.1 shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the
obligations of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
7.2 Legal Requirements.

The
Parties shall take all reasonable actions necessary or desirable to comply promptly with all legal requirements which may be imposed
on them with respect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, furnishing
all information required in connection with approvals of or filings with any Governmental Authority, and prompt resolution of any litigation
prompted hereby), and shall promptly cooperate with, and furnish information to, the other Parties to the extent necessary in connection
with any such requirements imposed upon any of them in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Page 50

Section
7.3 Notification of Certain Matters.

FSA
shall give prompt notice to NextTrip, and NextTrip shall give prompt notice to the FSA, of the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any
event, which occurrence or failure to occur would be reasonably likely to cause (a) any representation or warranty contained in this
Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at the Initial Closing or the Final Closing, such that the conditions set forth in Article IX
hereof, as the case may be, would not be satisfied or fulfilled as a result thereof; or (b) any material failure of any of FSA, the
Unitholders or NextTrip, as the case may be, or of any officer, director, employee or agent thereof, to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of any
notice pursuant to this Section 7.3 shall not limit or otherwise affect the rights and remedies available hereunder to the Party
receiving such notice.

Section
7.4 Acquisition Proposals.

a. From
the date of this Agreement until the Final Closing Date or, if earlier, the termination of
this Agreement, neither NextTrip nor any representative of NextTrip will, directly or indirectly:
(i) solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, induce or facilitate the making, submission or
announcement of any competing transaction proposal from any Person other than FSA or the
Unitholders (a Third Party) or take any action that could reasonably
be expected to lead to a Competing Transaction Proposal; (ii) furnish any information regarding
NextTrip to any Third Party in connection with or in response to a Competing Transaction
Proposal or an inquiry or indication of interest; (iii) engage in or continue any discussions
or negotiations with any Third Party with respect to any Competing Transaction Proposal;
(iv) approve, endorse or recommend any Competing Transaction Proposal; or (v) enter into
any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract contemplating or otherwise relating
to any Competing Transaction Proposal.

b. Concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, NextTrip shall (i) immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any existing discussions with any Person that relate to any Competing Transaction
Proposal; and (ii) cause any physical or virtual data room containing any such information
to no longer be accessible to or by any Person other than FSA, the Unitholders and their
respective representatives.

Page 51

Section
7.5 Closing Date Releases.

a. Effective
on the Final Closing Date, each Unitholder for itself and its successors and assigns, hereby
releases, acquits and forever discharges FSA and its respective Affiliates, officers, directors,
employees and agents and their respective successors and assigns of and from any and all
claims, demands, liabilities, responsibilities, disputes, causes of action and obligations
of every nature whatsoever, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, matured or unmatured,
fixed or contingent, that the Unitholders has, owns or holds as of the Final Closing Date,
or have at any time previously had, owned or held against such parties, including, without
limitation, all Liabilities created as a result of the, gross negligence and willful acts
of FSA or the negligence of FSA or its employees and agents, or under a theory of strict
liability, existing as of the Closing Date; provided, however, that such release shall not
cover any claims arising under this Agreement.

b. As
of the date of this Agreement, each Unitholder hereby represents and warrants that such Unitholder
has not previously assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer, to any Person
or entity whatsoever all or any part of the claims, demands, liabilities, responsibilities,
disputes, causes of action or obligations released in Section 7.7(a). Each Unitholder
represents and warrants that such Unitholder has read and understands all of the provisions
of this Section 7.7 and that such Unitholder has been represented by legal counsel
of the Unitholders own choosing in connection with the negotiation, execution and
delivery of this Agreement.

c. The
release provided by the Unitholders pursuant to Section 7.7(a) shall apply notwithstanding
that the matter for which release is provided may relate to the ordinary, sole or contributory
negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct or violation of law by a released party,
including FSA and its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents, and for liabilities
based on theories of strict liability, and shall be applicable whether or not negligence
of the released party is alleged or proven, it being the intention of the Parties to release
the released party from and against its ordinary, sole and contributory negligence and gross
negligence as well as liabilities based on the willful actions or omissions of the released
party and Liabilities based on theories of strict liability.

Section
7.6 D&O Insurance.

As
of the Initial Closing Date, FSA officers who become employed by NextTrip will be covered by NextTrips D&O Insurance Policy.
NextTrip will use commercially reasonable efforts to update such D&O Insurance Policy as promptly as practicable following the applicable
Closing as necessary.

Page 52

Section
7.7 Updates to Disclosure Schedule.

FSA
shall supplement the FSA Disclosure Schedules prior to the Initial Closing and the Final Closing, as applicable, by delivery to NextTrip,
at least five (5) days prior to the relevant Closing Date of any such supplement (a Disclosure Supplement). Each
Disclosure Supplement shall be in writing and shall be delivered in accordance with this Agreement. Unless the existence of any matter
set forth in any such Disclosure Supplement which was not disclosed at the time of the signing of this Agreement (a New Matter)
would have a Material Adverse Effect, the Disclosure Schedule referred to herein shall be deemed amended and supplemented as of the applicable
Closing Date by all information including, without limitation, any New Matter set forth in any Disclosure Supplement and the warranties
and representations of the Parties herein shall be deemed amended) and supplemented by all such information set forth in each Disclosure
Supplement. In such event all references to Disclosure Schedule shall include all Disclosure Supplements. To the extent that the existence
of any New Matter would have a Material Adverse Effect, the Parties, as applicable, shall have the right hereunder (a) to terminate this
Agreement by written notice pursuant to Section 10.1(f) or 10.1(g), as applicable, within five (5) days after receipt of
the Disclosure Supplement which includes the New Matter, but prior to the Closing or (b) to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.

ARTICLE
VIII: POST CLOSING COVENANTS

Section
8.1 General.

In
case at any time after the Final Closing any further action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, each of the Parties
will take such further action (including the execution and delivery of such further instruments and documents) as any other Party reasonably
may request.

Section
8.2 Public Announcements.

NextTrip
shall file with the SEC a Form 8-K, describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby as soon as practicable after
the date of this Agreement, but in no event more than four (4) business days following the date hereof. Prior to the Final Closing Date,
NextTrip, FSA and the Unitholders (each a Material Party) shall consult with each other in issuing the Form 8-K
and any press releases or otherwise making public statements or filings and other communications with the SEC or any regulatory agency
or the Principal Market with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Party shall issue any such press release or otherwise
make any such public statement, filings or other communications without the prior written consent of the other Material Parties, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required
by Law, in which case the disclosing Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the other Material Parties with prior
notice of no less than three (3) calendar days, of such disclosure and shall incorporate in the disclosure the reasonable comments of
the other Material Parties.

Page 53

ARTICLE
IX: CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
9.1 Conditions to Closing.

a. Conditions
to Obligation of the Parties Generally. None of the Parties shall be obligated to
consummate the transactions to be performed by each of them in connection with the Closing
if, on the Closing Date, (i) any Action shall be pending or threatened before any Governmental
Authority wherein an Order or charge would (A) prevent consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or (B) cause any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement to be rescinded following consummation; (ii) any Law or Order which would have
any of the foregoing effects shall have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental Authority;
or (iii) NextTrip Common Stock is not listed on the Principal Market or the Principal Market
shall have notified NextTrip that the NextTrip Common Stock will be delisted in connection
with the transactions described in this Agreement.

b. Principal
Market Listing. In the event the Principal Market determines that the transactions
described in this Agreement (or any other related transaction or transactions) constitute,
or will constitute, a back-door listing or reverse merger, the
Parties shall cooperate in good faith to seek to ensure that the transaction is not a reverse
merger as of the Initial Closing or the Final Closing.

Section
9.2 Conditions to Obligation of FSA and the Unitholders.

The
obligations of FSA and the Unitholders to close the transactions contemplated herein and perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement are subject, at the option of FSA and the Unitholders, to the fulfillment on or prior to the applicable Closing Date, of the
following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by FSA and the Unitholders in writing:

a. The
representations and warranties of NextTrip set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the applicable Closing Date, except to the extent
such representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date and except
to the extent that such representations and warranties are qualified by terms such as material
and Material Adverse Effect, in which case such representations and warranties
shall be true and correct in all respects at the Closing Date;

b. NextTrip
shall have performed and complied with all of its covenants hereunder in all material respects
through the applicable Closing;

c. No
action, suit, or proceeding shall be pending or, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, threatened
before any Governmental Authority wherein an Order or charge would (i) affect adversely the
right of the Unitholders to own the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares; or (ii) affect adversely
the right of NextTrip to own FSA or to operate its business (and no such Order or charge
shall be in effect), nor shall any Law or Order which would have any of the foregoing effects
have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental Authority;

Page 54

d. No
event, change or development shall exist or shall have occurred since NextTrips Most
Recent Fiscal Year End that has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
on NextTrip;

e. All
consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or Orders required to be obtained, and all filings
required to be made, by NextTrip for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall have
been obtained and made by NextTrip and NextTrip shall have delivered proof of same to FSA
and the Unitholders;

f. NextTrip
shall have filed all reports and other documents required to be filed by it under the U.S.
federal securities laws through the applicable Closing Date;

g. NextTrip
shall have delivered to FSA and the Unitholders the deliveries described in Section 9.4
below; and

h. With
respect to the Final Closing, all conditions described in Section 2.3 shall have been satisfied;
and

i. All
actions to be taken by NextTrip in connection with consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and all certificates, opinions, instruments, and other documents required to affect
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to FSA and the Unitholders.

Section
9.3 Conditions to Obligation of NextTrip.

The
obligations of NextTrip to close the transactions contemplated hereby and perform its obligations under this Agreement at the applicable
Closing, are subject, at the option of NextTrip, to the fulfillment on or prior to the applicable Closing Date of the following conditions,
any one or more of which may be waived by NextTrip in writing:

a. On
or prior to the Initial Closing, FSA shall have authorized the sale and issuance to NextTrip
of the Initial Interest, and the units included in the Initial Interest shall have the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions as provided by statute and as stated in the FSA
Organizational Documents;

b. The
representations and warranties of FSA and the Unitholders set forth in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Closing Date, except to
the extent such representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date,
in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date
and except to the extent that such representations and warranties are qualified by terms
such as material and Material Adverse Effect, in which case such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects at the applicable
Closing Date;

c. FSA
and the Unitholders shall have performed and complied with all of their covenants hereunder
in all material respects through the applicable Closing Date;

Page 55

d. No
action, suit, or proceeding shall be pending or, to the Knowledge of NextTrip, threatened
before any Governmental Authority wherein an Order or charge would (i) affect adversely the
right of the Unitholders to own the NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares; or (ii) affect adversely
the right of FSA to own its assets or to operate its business (and no such Order or charge
shall be in effect), nor shall any Law or Order which would have any of the foregoing effects
have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental Authority;

e. No
event, change or development shall exist or shall have occurred since FSAs Most Recent
Fiscal Year End that has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on
FSA;

f. All
consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or Orders required to be obtained, and all filings
required to be made, by FSA for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall have
been obtained and made by FSA and FSA shall have delivered proof of same to NextTrip;

g. All
consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or Orders required to be obtained, and all filings
required to be made, by FSA for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall have
been obtained and made by FSA and FSA shall have delivered proof of same to NextTrip. All
outstanding convertible indebtedness of FSA shall have been converted at or prior to the
Closing into FSA Units; and

h. All
actions to be taken by FSA and the Unitholders in connection with consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and all payments, certificates, opinions, instruments, and other documents
required to affect the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to NextTrip.

Section
9.4 Closing Deliveries.

a. At
the Initial Closing, NextTrip shall deliver, or cause to be delivered:

i.
The Initial Closing Consideration;

ii.
a certificate, dated the Initial Closing Date, executed by an officer of NextTrip, certifying the satisfaction of the conditions specified
in Section 9.1(a)(iii) and Section 9.2(a) through 9.2(j), inclusive, relating to NextTrip;

iii.
a certificate duly executed by the Secretary of NextTrip and dated as of the Initial Closing Date, as to the resolutions as adopted by
NextTrips board of directors, in a form reasonably acceptable to FSA, approving this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to
which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; and

Page 56

iv.
a duly executed copy of each of the McMahon Employment Agreement and May Employment Agreement;

b. At
the Initial Closing, FSA and the Unitholders shall deliver, or cause to be delivered:

i. An
Assignment of Membership Interest, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A,
duly executed by each Unitholder, to be held in escrow pending immediate release at the Final
Closing (the Interest Assignments);

ii. An
Accredited Investor Questionnaire, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B,
duly executed by each Unitholder, to be held in escrow pending immediate release at the Final
Closing (the AI Questionnaires);

iii. a
duly executed copy of each of the McMahon Employment Agreement and May Employment Agreement;

iv. a
certificate, dated the Initial Closing Date, executed by an officer of FSA, certifying the
satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 9.3(a) through 9.3(f), inclusive,
relating to FSA;

v. a
certificate, dated the Initial Closing Date, executed by the Unitholders, certifying the
satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 9.3(a) and 9.3(b) relating
to the Unitholders;

vi. a
certificate duly executed by the Secretary or equivalent officer of FSA and dated as of the
Initial Closing Date, as to the resolutions as adopted by FSAs members, in a form
reasonably acceptable to NextTrip, approving this Agreement and the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

c. At
the Final Closing, NextTrip shall deliver, or cause to be delivered:

i. The
Final Closing Consideration; and

ii. A
certificate, dated the Final Closing Date, executed by an officer of NextTrip, certifying
the continued satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 9.1(a)(iii) and
Section 9.2(a) through 9.2(j), inclusive, relating to NextTrip.

d. At
the Final Closing, FSA shall deliver, or cause to be delivered:

i. a
certificate, dated the Final Closing Date, executed by an officer of FSA, certifying the
continued satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 9.3(a) through 9.3(f),
inclusive, relating to FSA; and

Page 57

ii. a
certificate, dated the Final Closing Date, executed by the Unitholders, certifying the continued
satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 9.3(a) and 9.3(b) relating
to the Unitholders.

e. The
following actions shall occur, or be caused to occur, simultaneously with the Final Closing:

i. The
Interest Assignments shall be released from escrow and become fully enforceable;

ii. The
AI Questionnaires shall be released from escrow; and

iii. FSA
will cause any NextTrip Series O Preferred Shares received as Initial Consideration to be
distributed to the Unitholders in accordance with the Consideration Schedule such that FSA
becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of NextTrip.

ARTICLE
X: TERMINATION

Section
10.1 Grounds for Termination.

Anything
herein or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Final Closing Date:

a. by
the written agreement of NextTrip, FSA and the Unitholders;

b. by
FSA and the Unitholders (by written notice of termination from FSA and the Unitholders to
NextTrip, in which reference is made to this subsection) if the Final Closing has not occurred
on or prior to the Termination Date, unless the failure of the Final Closing to have occurred
is attributable to a failure on the part of FSA or the Unitholders to perform any material
obligation to be performed by FSA or the Unitholders pursuant to this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing;

c. by
NextTrip (by written notice of termination from NextTrip to FSA and the Unitholders, in which
reference is made to this subsection) if the Final Closing has not occurred on or prior to
the Termination Date, unless the failure of the Final Closing to have occurred is attributable
to a failure on the part of NextTrip to perform any material obligation required to be performed
by NextTrip pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Final Closing;

d. by
NextTrip or FSA (by written notice of termination from such Party to the other Party) if
a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final non-appealable
Order, or shall have taken any other action having the effect of, restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 10.1(d) shall
not be available to a Party if such Order was primarily due to the failure of such Party
to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement;

Page 58

e. by
NextTrip, FSA or the Unitholders (by written notice of termination from such Party to the
other Parties) if any event shall occur after the date hereof that shall have made it impossible
to satisfy a condition precedent to the terminating Partys obligations to perform
its obligations hereunder, unless the occurrence of such event shall be due to the failure
of the terminating Party to perform or comply with any of the agreements, covenants or conditions
hereof to be performed or complied with by such Party at or prior to the applicable Closing;

f. by
FSA or the Unitholders (by written notice of termination from FSA to NextTrip, in which reference
is made to this subsection) if, since the date of this Agreement, there shall have occurred
any Material Adverse Effect on NextTrip, or there shall have occurred any event or circumstance
that, in combination with any other events or circumstances, could reasonably be expected
to have, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to NextTrip;

g. by
NextTrip (by written notice of termination from NextTrip to FSA, in which reference is made
to this subsection) if, (i) since the date of this Agreement, there shall have occurred any
Material Adverse Effect on FSA, or there shall have occurred any event or circumstance that,
in combination with any other events or circumstances, could reasonably be expected to have,
a Material Adverse Effect with respect to FSA; or (ii) the Subsequently Delivered FSA Disclosure
Schedules disclose anything which (A) has, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to FSA, (B) results in any representation, warranty or covenant
made herein by FSA or the Unitholders being materially incorrect or misleading at the time
it was made, (C) departs materially, from any written or oral disclosures relating to FSA
or the Unitholders (or its financial statements, liabilities, agreements, litigation, assets,
operations or prospects) which has been provided by FSA or the Unitholders, or their representatives,
to NextTrip or its representatives, prior to the date of this Agreement, or (D) materially
affects the ability of FSA or the Unitholders to complete the transactions contemplated herein
and such has not been cured within ten (10) days;

h. by
FSA (by written notice of termination from FSA to NextTrip, in which reference is made to
the specific provision(s) of this subsection giving rise to the right of termination) if
(i) any of NextTrips representations and warranties shall have been materially inaccurate
as of the date of this Agreement or as of a date subsequent to the date of this Agreement
(as if made on such subsequent date), such that the condition set forth in Section 9.2(a)
would not be satisfied and such inaccuracy has not been cured by NextTrip within five
(5) Business Days after its receipt of written notice thereof and remains uncured at the
time notice of termination is given, (ii) any of NextTrips covenants contained in
this Agreement shall have been breached, such that the condition set forth in Section
9.2(b) would not be satisfied; or

Page 59

i. by
NextTrip (by written notice of termination from NextTrip to FSA and the Unitholders, in which
reference is made to the specific provision(s) of this subsection giving rise to the right
of termination) if (i) any of FSAs or the Unitholders representations and warranties
shall have been materially inaccurate as of the date of this Agreement or as of a date subsequent
to the date of this Agreement (as if made on such subsequent date), such that the condition
set forth in Section 9.3(a) would not be satisfied and such inaccuracy has not been
cured by FSA or the Unitholders within five (5) Business Days after its receipt of written
notice thereof and remains uncured at the time notice of termination is given; or (ii) any
of FSAs or the Unitholders covenants contained in this Agreement shall have
been breached, such that the condition set forth in Section 9.3(b) would not be satisfied.

Section
10.2 Procedure.

In
the event of the termination of this Agreement by NextTrip or FSA pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, written notice thereof shall
forthwith be given to the other two Parties. If this Agreement is terminated as provided herein (a) each Party will redeliver all documents,
work papers and other material of any other Party relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, whether so obtained before or after
the execution hereof, to the Party furnishing the same; provided, that each Party may retain one copy of all such documents for archival
purposes in the custody of its outside counsel; and (b) all filings, applications and other submission made by any Party to any Person,
including any Governmental Authority, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall, to the extent practicable, be withdrawn
by such Party from such Person.

Section
10.3 Effect of Termination.

If
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force and effect,
except for the provisions of (a) Article XI; (b) Sections 3.6, 4.8 and 5.10 hereof relating to brokers
fees or commissions; and (iv) Section 10.2 and this Section 10.3.

ARTICLE
XI: MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section
11.1 Expenses.

Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Party will bear its respective expenses incurred in connection with the preparation,
execution, and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including all fees and expenses of
agents, representatives, counsel, and accountants. In the event of termination of this Agreement, the obligation of each Party to pay
its own expenses will be subject to any rights of such Party arising from a breach of this Agreement by another Party.

Page 60

Section
11.2 Confidentiality.

a. The
Parties will maintain in confidence, and will cause their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents, and advisors to maintain in confidence, any written, oral, or other information
obtained in confidence from another Person in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, unless (i) such information is already known to such Party
or to others not bound by a duty of confidentiality or such information becomes publicly
available through no fault of such Party; (ii) the use of such information is necessary or
appropriate in making any required filing with the SEC or the Principal Market, or obtaining
any consent or approval required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; or (iii) the furnishing or use of such information is required by or necessary
or appropriate in connection with legal proceedings. Each Party will be liable for any breach
of this Section 11.2 by its respective directors, officer, employees, agents, and advisors
as if it had breached this Section 11.2.

b. In
the event that any Party is required to disclose any information of another Person pursuant
to clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 11.2(a) above, the Party requested
or required to make the disclosure (the disclosing party) shall provide
the Person that provided such information (the providing party) with
prompt notice of any such requirement so that the providing party may seek a protective Order
or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section
11.2. If, in the absence of a protective Order or other remedy or the receipt of a waiver
by the providing party, the disclosing party is nonetheless, in the opinion of counsel, legally
compelled to disclose the information of the providing party, the disclosing party may, without
liability hereunder, disclose only that portion of the providing partys information
which such counsel advises is legally required to be disclosed, provided that the disclosing
party exercises its reasonable efforts to preserve the confidentiality of the providing partys
information, including, without limitation, by cooperating with the providing party to obtain
an appropriate protective Order or other relief assurance that confidential treatment will
be accorded the providing partys information.

c. If
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not consummated, each Party will return
or destroy all of such written information each party has regarding the other Parties, subject
to customary backup and related procedures relating to such information.

Page 61

Section
11.3 Notices.

All
notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered (i) by personal
delivery, or (ii) by national overnight courier service, or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or (iv)
via email. Notice shall be effective upon receipt except for notice via email, which shall be effective only when the recipient, by return
or reply email or notice delivered by other method provided for in this Section 11.3, acknowledges having received that email
(with an automatic read receipt or similar notice not constituting an acknowledgement of an email receipt for purposes
of this Section 11.3, but which acknowledgement of acceptance shall include cases where recipient replies to such
prior email, including the body of the prior email in such reply). Such notices shall be sent to the applicable party or
Parties at the address specified below, subject to notice of changes thereof from any party with at least ten (10) business days
notice to the other Parties. If any notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because
of a changed address of which no notice was given (in accordance with this Section 11.3), or the refusal to accept same, the notice,
demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication shall be deemed received on the second Business Day the notice is sent (as
evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender). All such notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications will
be sent to the following physical and email addresses as applicable:

If
to NextTrip to:

3900
Paseo del Sol

Santa
Fe, New Mexico 87507

Attention:
William Kerby, CEO

Email:
bill.kerby@nexttrip.com

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Snell
& Wilmer LLP

12230
El Camino Real, Suite 300

San
Diego, CA 92130

Attention:
Christopher L. Tinen, Esq.

Email:
christopher.tinen@swlaw.com.com

If
to FSA:

265
Read Ave

Tuckahoe,
NY 10707

Attention:
John McMahon

Email:
jmcmahon@fivestaralliance.com

or
such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any Party in the manner for giving notices hereunder.

Section
11.4 Further Assurances.

The
Parties agree (a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information; (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other
documents; and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other Parties may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out
the intent of this Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement.

Page 62

Section
11.5 Waiver.

The
rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by any Party in exercising any
right, power, or privilege under this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right,
power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise
of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
Law, (a) no claim or right arising out of this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement can be discharged by one Party,
in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or right unless in writing signed by the other Parties; (b) no waiver that
may be given by a Party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one
Party will be deemed to be a waiver of any obligation of such Party or of the right of the Party giving such notice or demand to take
further action without notice or demand as provided in this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement.

Section
11.6 Entire Agreement and Modification.

This
Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties with respect to its subject matter and constitutes (along with the documents
referred to in this Agreement) a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the Parties with respect to its
subject matter. This Agreement may not be amended except by a written agreement executed by the Party against whom the enforcement of
such amendment is sought.

Section
11.7 Assignments, Successors, and No Third-Party Rights.

No
Party may assign any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior consent of the other Parties. Subject to the preceding sentence,
this Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon, and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors
and permitted assigns of the Parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any Person other than
the Parties any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.

Section
11.8 Severability.

If
any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree
will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.

Page 63

Section
11.9 Section Headings.

The
headings of Articles and Sections in this Agreement are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation.
All references to Article or Articles or Section or Sections
refer to the corresponding Article or Articles or Section or Sections of this Agreement, unless the context indicates otherwise.

Section
11.10 Construction.

The
Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent
or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof
shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to
any federal, state, local, or foreign statute or Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
unless the context requires otherwise. Unless otherwise expressly provided, the word including shall mean including
without limitation. The Parties intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein shall have independent significance.
If any Party has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another
representation, warranty, or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which the
Party has not breached shall not detract from or mitigate the fact that the Party is in breach of such representation, warranty, or covenant.
All words used in this Agreement will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require.

Section
11.11 Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and all
of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission, electronic delivery, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall
create a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and
effect as if such facsimile, electronic copy, or .pdf signature page was an original thereof.

Section
11.12 Specific Performance.

Each
of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the other Parties would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this
Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached. Accordingly, each of the Parties agrees
that the other Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and
to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court of the U.S. or any state
thereof having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter (subject to the provisions set forth in Section 11.13 below), in addition
to any other remedy to which they may be entitled, at Law or in equity.

Page 64

Section
11.13 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.

This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of Laws
principles. Each of the Parties submits to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Delaware in any action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement and agrees that all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined
in any such court. Each of the Parties waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding so brought
and waives any bond, surety, or other security that might be required of any other Party with respect thereto. Any Party may make service
on any other Party by sending or delivering a copy of the process to the Party to be served at the address and in the manner provided
for the giving of notices in Section 11.3. Nothing in this Section 11.13, however, shall affect the right of any Party
to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law or at equity. Each Party agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding
so brought shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law or at equity.

Section
11.14 Waiver of Jury Trial.

EACH
OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section
11.15 Review and Construction of Documents.

Each
Party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other Parties hereto that (a) before executing this Agreement, said Party has fully
informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions and effects of this Agreement; (b) said Party has relied solely and completely upon
its own judgment in executing this Agreement; (c) said Party has had the opportunity to seek and has obtained the advice of its own legal,
tax and business advisors before executing this Agreement; (d) said Party has acted voluntarily and of its own free will in executing
this Agreement; and (e) this Agreement is the result of arms length negotiations conducted by and among the Parties and their
respective counsel.

Section
11.17 Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties.

The
representations and warranties of the Unitholders, FSA and NextTrip contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument delivered
by or on behalf of any of Unitholders, FSA and NextTrip pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the date of the Closing on which
made, and from and after the Final Closing Date, the Unitholders, FSA and NextTrip and their respective representatives shall not have
any further obligations, nor shall any claim be asserted or action be brought against any of Unitholders, FSA and NextTrip or their respective
representatives with respect thereto. The covenants and agreements made by the Unitholders, FSA and NextTrip in this Agreement or in
any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of such covenants
or agreements, shall not survive the Final Closing Date, except for those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein that
by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Final Closing Date (which such covenants shall survive the
Final Closing Date and continue until fully performed in accordance with their terms).

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. SIGNATURES BEGIN ON IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING PAGE.]

Page 65

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

NEXTTRIP:

NEXTTRIP,
INC. a Nevada corporation 

By: /s/
William Kerby 

Name: William
Kerby 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

FSA:

FSA
TRAVEL, LLC. a New York limited liability company 

By: /s/
John McMahon 

Name: John
McMahon 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

UNITHOLDERS:

/s/
John McMahon 

John
McMahon 

Page 66

/s/
Priscilla Alexander 

Priscilla
Alexander 

/s/
James Killen 

James
Killen 

/s/
Daniel Sullivan 

Daniel
Sullivan 

/s/
Joseph Harkins 

Joseph
Harkins 

/s/
Sean Sheridan 

Sean
Sheridan 

/s/
Courtney May 

Courtney
May 

Valerie
Wilson Travel, Inc. 

By: /s/
Jennifer Wilson-Buttigieg 

Name: Jennifer
Wilson-Buttigieg 

Title: Authorized
Signatory 

LuxeLife
Services, Inc 

By: /s/
Jennifer Wilson-Buttigieg 

Name: Jennifer
Wilson-Buttigieg 

Title: Authorized
Signatory 

Page 67

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST ASSIGNMENT

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF AI QUESTIONNAIRE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION

OF

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Pursuant
to Section 78.1955 of the

Nevada
Revised Statutes

SERIES
O NONVOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

The
undersigned, William Kerby, Chief Executive Officer, does hereby certify that:

1.
He is the President and Chief Executive Officer of NextTrip, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation).

2.
The Corporation is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which (a) 1,621,500 shares have been designated as Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (b) 1,000 shares have been designated as Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (c) 1,500 shares have been designated as Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (d) 7,796 shares have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (e) 500 shares have been designated as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock,
316 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (f) 5,843,997 shares have been designated as Series F Convertible Preferred Stock,
none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (g) 100,000 shares have been designated as Series G Convertible Preferred Stock,
none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (h) 150,000 shares have been designated as Series H Convertible Preferred Stock,
33,000 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (i) 331,124 shares have been designated as Series I Convertible Preferred Stock,
126,204 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (j) 297,788 shares have been designated as Series J Nonvoting Convertible Preferred
Stock, 297,788 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (k) 60,595 shares have been designated as Series K Nonvoting Convertible
Preferred Stock, 60,595 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (l) 579,469 shares have been designated as Series L Nonvoting
Convertible Preferred Stock, 579,469 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (m) 165,562 shares have been designated as Series
M Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock, 133,278 of which are presently issued and outstanding; and (n) 500,000 shares have been designated
as Series N Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock, 17,000 of which are presently issued and outstanding.

3.
The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS,
the amended and restated articles of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation),
provide for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 10,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share, issuable
from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of
redemption and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series
and the designation thereof, of any of them; and

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and
other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of up to four hundred fifty-one thousand, six hundred
fourteen (451,614) shares of Series O Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock, as follows:

- 1 -

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or
exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters
relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

1.
Definitions.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking institutions in New York, New
York are authorized to close for business; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be closed due to
a shelter in place or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority if such
banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such day.

Common
Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

Conversion
Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Converted
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a)

Holder
means, as of a given point in time, a Person who holds Preferred Stock.

Liquidation
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Person
means an individual, corporation, exempted company, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership, exempted limited
partnership or limited liability partnership), limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including
a government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Purchase
Agreement means the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2025, among the Corporation and each Purchaser,
as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Purchasers
means each of those purchasers that purchases securities of the Corporation pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as identified on the
signature pages to the Purchase Agreement.

Requisite
Holders means holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (excluding, for the avoidance of
doubt, any shares of Preferred Stock that are held by the Corporation or its controlled Affiliates (including in treasury), whether repurchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired, which shall not be entitled to a vote).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

- 2 -

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(c).

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto
and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

2.
Designation, Amount and Par Value. This series of preferred stock shall be designated and known as Series O Nonvoting Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock). The number of shares constituting the Preferred Stock shall be four
hundred fifty-one thousand, six hundred fourteen (451,614) shares. Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per
share.

3.
Ranking. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Preferred Stock shall, with respect to rights on liquidation, winding up and
dissolution, rank pari passu to the common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Corporation.

4.
Dividends. Holders of Preferred Stock (each a Holder and collectively, the Holders)
shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis calculated based on the Conversion Ratio, disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations or liquidation preferences hereunder)
to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of
the Common Stock. Other than as set forth in the previous sentence, no other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock, and
the Corporation shall pay no dividends (other than dividends in the form of Common Stock) on shares of the Common Stock unless it simultaneously
complies with the previous sentence.

5.
Voting. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes, the Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock alter or change adversely the powers, preferences
or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any
provision to, the Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation, or file any articles of amendment,
certificate of designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of any series of Preferred Stock, if such action would adversely
alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Stock, regardless
of whether any of the foregoing actions shall be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or otherwise. Holders of shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of shares
of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the same voting rights as each other holder of Common Stock, except that such holders may not
vote such shares upon the proposal for Stockholder Approval in accordance with Rule 5635 of the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC.

6.
Liquidation Rights.

(a)
Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary (each
a Liquidation Event), the Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate, on an as-converted-to-Common
Stock basis calculated based on the Conversion Ratio (disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations or liquidation preferences
hereunder), with holders of the Common Stock in any distribution of assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock.

(b)
Valuation of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity,
the distribution date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

- 3 -

7.
Conversion.

(a)
Automatic Conversion. Effective as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the third Business Day after the date that the Corporations
stockholders approve the conversion of the Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Date) in
accordance with the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, as set forth in Section 4.7 of the Purchase Agreement (the Stockholder
Approval), each share of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall automatically convert into a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to the Conversion Ratio (as defined below), subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (the Automatic Conversion).
In determining the application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitations solely with respect to the Automatic Conversion, the Corporation
shall calculate beneficial ownership for each Holder assuming beneficial ownership by such Holder of: (x) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable to such Holder in such Automatic Conversion, plus (y) any additional shares of Common Stock for which a Holder has provided
the Corporation with prior written notice of beneficial ownership within 30 days prior to the date of Stockholder Approval (a Beneficial
Ownership Statement) and assuming the conversion of all shares of Preferred Stock held by all other Holders less the aggregate
number of shares of Preferred Stock held by all other Holders that will not convert into shares of Common Stock on account of the application
of any Beneficial Ownership Limitations applicable to any such other Holders. If a Holder fails to provide the Corporation with a Beneficial
Ownership Statement within 30 days prior to the date of Stockholder Approval, then the Corporation shall presume the Holders beneficial
ownership of Common Stock (excluding the Conversion Shares) to be zero. The shares of Preferred Stock that are converted in the Automatic
Conversion are referred to as the Converted Stock. The Conversion Shares shall be issued as follows: each outstanding share
of Preferred Stock shall be automatically converted into one (1) share of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as set forth herein) (the
Conversion Ratio). The shares of Preferred Stock that are converted pursuant to this Section 7 are referred to as
the Converted Stock.

(b)
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than five (5) Business Days after the Conversion Date, the Corporation
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holders such number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock. The Conversion Shares shall be issued as follows:

i.
Converted Stock that is registered in book entry form shall be automatically cancelled upon the Conversion Date and converted into the
corresponding Conversion Shares, which shares shall be issued in book entry form and without any action on the part of the Holders and
shall be delivered to the Holders within two (2) Business Days of the effectiveness of the conversion.

ii.
Converted Stock that is issued in certificated form shall be deemed converted into the corresponding Conversion Shares on the Conversion
Date and the Holders rights as a holder of such shares of Converted Stock shall cease and terminate on such date, excepting only
the right to receive the Conversion Shares upon the Holder tendering to the Corporation (or its designated agent) the stock certificate(s)
(duly endorsed) representing such certificated Converted Stock and any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity
to such Holder because of a failure by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designation.

(c)
Delivery of Certificate or Book Entry Form. Upon conversion, not later than two (2) Business Days after the Conversion Date, or
if the Holder requests the issuance of physical certificate(s), two (2) Business Days after receipt by the Corporation of the original
certificate(s) representing such shares of Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed by the Holder (the Share Delivery
Date), the Corporation shall either: (a) in the event that the Holder has so elected in a written notice to the Corporation,
deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder a physical certificate or certificates representing the number of Conversion
Shares being acquired upon the conversion of shares of Preferred Stock or (b) otherwise shall issue and deliver to such Holder or such
Holders nominees, documentation of the book entry for the number of Conversion Shares being acquired.

- 4 -

(d)
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything contrary herein, the Corporation shall not effect the conversion of
any of the Preferred Stock held by a Holder, and such Holder shall not have the right to convert any of the Preferred Stock held by such
Holder pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designation and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated
as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, such Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)) collectively would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by such Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted Preferred Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion
of any other securities of the Corporation (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 7(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Corporation is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 7(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of the Holders Preferred Stock
is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the
Holders determination of whether the Holders Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of the Holders Preferred Stock is convertible,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7(d), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected
in (A) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent
public announcement by the Corporation or (C) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within one Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including
the Preferred Stock, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder
in compliance with this Section 7(d) prior to the issuance of any Preferred Stock, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Holders
Preferred Stock. The Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 7(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock held
by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 7(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 7(d) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of shares of Preferred Stock.

(d)
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued
shares of Common Stock, for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive
rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holders, not less than such aggregate number of shares
of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable upon the conversion
of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

- 5 -

(e)
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock. As to any fraction of a share which a Holder would otherwise be entitled to receive upon such conversion, the Corporation shall
round down to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(f)
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary
stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation
shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such
Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall
not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall
have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has
been paid. The Corporation shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Conversion Shares.

(g)
Certain Adjustments.

i.
Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while the Preferred Stock is outstanding: (A) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares; or (B) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, then the Conversion Ratio shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately after such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event (excluding any treasury shares of
the Corporation). Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(g) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision or combination. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment to the Conversion Ratio, the Corporation,
at its expense, shall, as promptly as reasonably possible but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter, compute
such adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment and showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the written
request at any time of any Holder (but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter), furnish or cause to be furnished
to such Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Ratio then in effect and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock which
then would be received by such Holder upon conversion.

ii.
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued
and outstanding.

8.
Redemption Right. The Preferred Stock shall not have any redemption rights.

9.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Notices. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);
(b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by
facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and
on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified
or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent (a) to the Corporation, at its principal
executive offices and (b) to any stockholder, at such holders address at it appears in the stock records of the Corporation (or
at such other address for a stockholder as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 9).

- 6 -

(b)
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

(c)
Transfer of Preferred Stock. A Holder may transfer some or all of its shares of Preferred Stock without the consent of the Corporation
so long as such transfer complies with all applicable securities laws.

(d)
Amendment. This Certificate of Designation or any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting
duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes, by a majority of the
Holders, voting separate as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval, if any, as may then be required pursuant to the
Nevada Revised Statutes or the Articles of Incorporation.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has signed this Designation this 6th day of February 2025.

NEXTTRIP,
INC. 

By:
/s/
Frank Orzechowski 

Name:
Frank
Orzechowski, Chief Financial Officer 

- 7 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NextTrip
Invests in Luxury Travel Brand Five Star Alliance to secure 49% Stake with an Option to Purchase Remaining 51%

Transaction
Strengthens NextTrips Platform, Unlocks New Integration and Growth Opportunities

Five
Star Senior Management to Join NextTrip to Help Define Key Areas of Synergy and Revenue Acceleration in Both Travel and Media

Santa
Fe, NM February 6, 2024 NextTrip, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRP) (NextTrip, we, our,
or the Company), a leading travel technology company, today announced it has signed definitive agreements and acquired
49% of the membership interests of Five Star Alliance. Additionally, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the agreement
provides NextTrip with an option to purchase the remaining 51% of the membership interests of Five Star Alliance by April 6, 2025. NextTrip
previously announced the signing of a non-binding Letter of Intent (LOI) to acquire Five Star Alliance on November 5, 2024.

The
purchase of the 49% stake was funded through a combination of cash and NextTrip shares, determined based upon NextTrips stock
price and the terms outlined in the November 2024 LOI, with customary adjustments applied. This transaction is anticipated to be accretive,
enabling both companies to begin leveraging shared touchpoints to drive growth in travel bookings.

Founded
in 2004, Five Star Alliance is a premier luxury travel agency known for its curated collection of over 5,000 five-star hotels and resorts
worldwide.

Key
Highlights of Five Star Alliance:

Proprietary
search engine delivering exclusive rates at luxury hotels and resorts

Strong
industry relationships with preferred suppliers

Specialized
luxury cruise programs and group travel expertise

20-year
legacy of excellence in luxury travel

Five
Star Alliance offers personalized recommendations, high-end travel solutions, a proprietary booking engine and established relationships
with premium travel providers, resulting in an industry coveted 4.9-star Trustpilot rating. These combined offers have resulted in monthly
site visits from over 400,000 viewers and are expected to align seamlessly with NextTrips technology-driven approach.

This
transaction strengthens NextTrips platform, unlocking new integration and growth opportunities to serve both B2C and B2B markets,
said Bill Kerby, CEO of NextTrip. By leveraging Five Star Alliances expertise, search engine, and supplier relationships,
we intend to expand our luxury travel offerings and expect to drive revenue growth.

NextTrip
opted to purchase the 49% interest to take advantage of seasonal booking trends, and the parties will immediately work towards revenue
acceleration programs that include:

NextTrip
gaining access to the Five Star luxury hotel inventory

The
set-up of a NextTrip luxury cruise division

Immediately
directing all Five Star Group leads to NextTrip staff for fulfillment

Review
and enhancements of the NextTrip travel agent platform

As
part of the transaction, members of senior management from Five Star will be joining NextTrip and will immediately begin working with
our team to help define key areas of synergy with a focus on revenue acceleration in both the travel and media areas.

John
P. McMahon, Chief Executive Officer and significant owner of Five Star Alliance, added, We are thrilled to align and move forward
with NextTrip, combining our best-in-class technologies and travel packaging to deliver a seamless, end-to-end solution for travelers
worldwide. Our traveler-first approach has been developed to ensure unprecedented access to the lowest rates and value-added offerings,
all supported by exceptional customer service. Unlike traditional Online Travel Agencies (OTAs), which prioritize their own profit margins,
we focus on whats truly best for the customer. Travel is a journey that should never be undertaken alone, and together with NextTrip,
we endeavor to redefine the future of travel planning and purchasing.

Additional
information about the Five Star Alliance transaction and the terms thereof are included in the Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by NextTrip
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) relating to this transaction.

About
Five Star Alliance

Five
Star Alliance has been a leader in luxury travel by offering the most comprehensive, hand-picked collection of five-star luxury hotels
and resorts worldwide since 2005. Backed by an award-winning staff to guide and assist guests throughout their entire journey, Five Star
Alliance provides a full range of travel products including airfare, transportation, luxury river and ocean cruises, group and meeting
services, concierge services, and more. Five Star boasts an industry-leading customer satisfaction rating of 4.9 stars on Trustpilot.
For more information visit www.fivestaralliance.com.

About
NextTrip

NextTrip
(NASDAQ: NTRP) is a technology-driven platform delivering innovative travel booking and travel media solutions. NextTrip Leisure provides
individual and group travelers with vacations to the most popular and sought-after destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean and across the
world. NextTrip Media platform - Travel Magazine offers a social media platform for viewers to explore, educate and share with friends
their bucket list travel. Additionally, NextTrip is launching an end-to-end content ecosystem that uses AI assisted travel
planning capturing advertising, building brand awareness, rewarding loyalty and driving bookings. For more information and to book a
trip, visit www.nexttrip.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words believe, anticipate,
estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, prospects,
outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, should,
would, may, and could are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Among the important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements are risks relating to, among other things,
expectations regarding the acquisition of Five Star Alliance by the company, including related to the synergies of the two businesses
and future plans related thereto, the companys option to purchase the remaining 51% of the membership interests of Five Star Alliance,
expected benefits of the transaction and any other statements regarding the companys future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives,
financial conditions, assumptions or future events or performance that are not historical facts. This information may involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to: the risk that the required conditions underlying the companys option to purchase the remaining
51% stake may not be satisfied; even if such conditions are satisfied, the company may not elect to exercise its option to purchase the
remaining 51% stake in Five Star;; risks that the transaction disrupts the companys current plans and operations; the diversion
of managements time on transaction-related issues; continued availability of capital and financing for the company; the risk that
any announcements relating to the transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of the companys common stock or operating
results; and the risk that the transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability to retain and hire key personnel,
to retain customers and/or to maintain relationships with business partners, suppliers and customers. The company can give no assurance
that it will acquire the remaining 51% stake in Five Star Alliance. The company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation
to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise, except as required by
applicable law. For additional information regarding risks and uncertainties that could impact NextTrips forward-looking statements,
please see disclosures contained in the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 filed
with the SEC on September 4, 2024 and our other filings with the SEC which may be viewed at www.sec.gov.

Contacts

Chris
Tyson

Executive Vice President

MZ Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

NTRP@mzgroup.us

www.mzgroup.us
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

NextTrip
Closes on 49% Stake in Five Star Alliance

Secures
Option to Acquire Full Ownership

Santa
Fe, NM February 11, 2025 NextTrip, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRP) (NextTrip or the Company), a leading
travel technology company, today announced it has closed its previously announced acquisition of a 49% stake in Five Star Alliance, a
premier luxury travel agency. As part of the transaction, NextTrip has secured an option to acquire full ownership of Five Star on or
before April 7, 2025, subject to certain conditions.

The
acquisition was funded through a combination of cash on hand and NextTrip shares, with terms based on the November 2024 Letter of Intent
(LOI). The acquisition is expected to be accretive to earnings, leveraging shared technology, supplier relationships, and customer networks
to drive growth.

Founded
in 2004, Five Star Alliance specializes in five-star hotels and resorts worldwide, offering a curated selection of over 5,000 luxury
properties. With a 4.9-star Trustpilot rating, the company is known for its exclusive rates and personalized service.

A
Shared Vision for Luxury Travel

We
are excited to join forces with NextTrip to deliver a seamless luxury travel experience, said John P. McMahon, CEO and significant
owner of Five Star Alliance. Unlike traditional online travel agencies, we prioritize the traveler, offering the best rates, exclusive
perks, and premium service. Partnering with NextTrip allows us to scale while maintaining our commitment to exceptional customer experiences.

As
a part of the initial transaction, Mr. McMahon has joined the NextTrip management team.

For
details, please refer to NextTrips Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC relating to this transaction.

About
Five Star Alliance

Five
Star Alliance has been a leader in luxury travel by offering the most comprehensive, hand-picked collection of five-star luxury hotels
and resorts worldwide since 2005. Backed by an award-winning staff to guide and assist guests throughout their entire journey, Five Star
Alliance provides a full range of travel products including airfare, transportation, luxury river and ocean cruises, group and meeting
services, concierge services, and more. Five Star boasts an industry-leading customer satisfaction rating of 4.9 stars on Trustpilot.
For more information visit www.fivestaralliance.com.

About
NextTrip

NextTrip
(NASDAQ: NTRP) is a technology-driven platform delivering innovative travel booking and travel media solutions. NextTrip Leisure provides
individual and group travelers with vacations to the most popular and sought-after destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean and across the
world. NextTrip Media platform - Travel Magazine offers a social media platform for viewers to explore, educate and share with friends
their bucket list travel. Additionally, NextTrip is launching an end-to-end content ecosystem that uses AI assisted travel
planning capturing advertising, building brand awareness, rewarding loyalty and driving bookings. For more information and to book a
trip, visit www.nexttrip.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words believe, anticipate,
estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, prospects,
outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, should,
would, may, and could are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Among the important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements are risks relating to, among other things,
expectations regarding the acquisition of Five Star Alliance interests by the company, including related to the synergies of the two
businesses and future plans related thereto, the companys option to purchase the remaining interests in Five Star Alliance, expected
benefits of the transaction and any other statements regarding the companys future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, financial
conditions, assumptions or future events or performance that are not historical facts. This information may involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to: the risk that the required conditions underlying the companys option to purchase the remaining interests may
not be satisfied; even if such conditions are satisfied, the company may not elect to exercise its option to purchase the remaining interests
in Five Star; risks that the transaction disrupts the companys current plans and operations; the diversion of managements
time on transaction-related issues; continued availability of capital and financing for the company; the risk that any announcements
relating to the transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of the companys common stock or operating results;
and the risk that the transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability to retain and hire key personnel,
to retain customers and/or to maintain relationships with business partners, suppliers and customers. The company can give no assurance
that it will acquire the remaining interests in Five Star Alliance. The company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation
to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise, except as required by
applicable law. For additional information regarding risks and uncertainties that could impact NextTrips forward-looking statements,
please see disclosures contained in the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 filed
with the SEC on September 4, 2024 and our other filings with the SEC which may be viewed at www.sec.gov.

Contacts

Chris
Tyson

Executive Vice President

MZ Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

NTRP@mzgroup.us

www.mzgroup.us
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005803-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000788611 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--02-28 
0000788611 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
NextTrip, Inc. 
NV 
001-38015 
27-1865814 
3900 Paseo del Sol 
Santa Fe 
NM 
87507 
(505) 
438-2576 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
NTRP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --02-28

Entity File Number 001-38015

Entity Registrant Name NextTrip,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000788611

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1865814

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3900
Paseo del Sol

Entity Address, City or Town Santa
Fe

Entity Address, State or Province NM

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 87507

City Area Code (505)

Local Phone Number 438-2576

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol NTRP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nexttrip.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
ntrp-20250206.xsd 
ntrp-20250206_lab.xml 
ntrp-20250206_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>