<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-016455.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-016455.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130090326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-016455
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Elicio Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601485
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				113430072
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39990
		FILM NUMBER:		25571318

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		451 D STREET, 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(857) 209-0050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		451 D STREET, 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Angion Biomedica Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140228
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d914999d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NASDAQfalse000160148500016014852025-01-292025-01-29

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025

Elicio Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39990 11-3430072

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

451 D Street, 5th Floor

Boston, Massachusetts02210

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code )

(857)209-0050

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

(Title of each class) 

(Trading

Symbol) 

(Name of exchange

on which registered)

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share ELTX The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On January 29, 2025, Elicio Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional investors (each an Investor and, collectively, the Investors), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering by the Company directly to the Investors (the Offering): (i) an aggregate of 1,261,830 shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) and (ii) common warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,261,830 shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrants). Each share of Common Stock and accompanying Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of $7.925. The Common Warrants have an exercise price of $7.80 per share, are immediately exercisable and will expire five years from the initial exercise date. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately $10 million before deducting the placement agents fees and related offering expenses. 

Each Investor (together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of the Common Warrants to the extent that such Investor would own more than 4.99% (or, at the Investors option upon issuance, 9.99%) of the Companys outstanding Common Stock immediately after exercise. However, upon at least 61 days prior notice from such Investor to the Company, such Investor may increase the amount of ownership of outstanding Common Stock after exercising the Investors Common Warrants up to 19.99% of the number of the Companys Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Common Warrant. 

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Investors and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on the issuance and sale of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) during the 30-day period following the closing of the Offering. 

The Shares and the Common Warrants were offered by the Company pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279925), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on June 3, 2024, and was declared effective by the Commission on June 11, 2024. 

Pursuant to an engagement agreement with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Placement Agent), the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent in connection with the Offering (i) a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds received in the Offering, (ii) a non-accountable expense allowance of $35,000, (iii) reimbursement of up to $50,000 for legal fees and expenses and other out of pocket expenses and (iv) up to $15,950 for the clearing expenses. 

The Offering is expected to close on January 30, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. 

The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement and the Common Warrants do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents attached as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in this Offering, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

A copy of the opinion of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the securities is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events 

On January 30, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Pricing Press Release) announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the Pricing Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Form of Common Warrant. 

5.1 Opinion of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. 

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and among Elicio Therapeutics, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto. 

23.1 Consent of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

99.1 Pricing Press Release, dated January 30, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Elicio Therapeutics, Inc.

By: 

/s/ ROBERT CONNELLY

Robert Connelly

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)

Date: January 30, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d914999dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

ELICIO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

FORM OF WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

Warrant No.: ___ 

Number of Shares of Common Stock: ____________

Date of Issuance: January 30, 2025 (Issuance Date) 

Elicio Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, ________, the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from
the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this
Warrant), at any time or times on or after January 30, 2025 (the Issuance Date), but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), _________ fully paid non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below), subject to adjustment as provided herein (the Warrant Shares). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall
have the meanings set forth in Section 16. 

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT. 

(a) Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder at any time on or
after the Issuance Date, in whole or in part, by (i) delivery to the Company (whether via electronic mail or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders
election to exercise this Warrant and (ii) (A) within one (1) Trading Day following the delivery of the Exercise Notice, payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares
as to which this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds or (B) provided that the conditions for cashless exercise set forth in Section 1(c)
are satisfied, by notifying the Company that this Warrant is being exercised pursuant to a Cashless Exercise (as defined in Section 1(c)). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise
hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the
remaining number of Warrant Shares. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received each of the applicable Exercise Notice and the Aggregate Exercise Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise)
(collectively, the Exercise Delivery Documents), the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgment of receipt of the Exercise Delivery Documents in the form attached to the Exercise Notice to the Holder. On or before
the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received all of the Exercise Delivery Documents (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall cause the Warrant Shares to be issued in the name of and shall
deliver to the Holder written confirmation that the Warrant Shares have been issued in the name of the Holder, and within one (1) Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date, a new warrant of like tenor to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
that may be purchased pursuant to the portion, if any, of this Warrant not exercised by the Holder. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of Warrant Shares are to be issued
shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. 

(b) Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise
Price means $7.80 per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

(c) Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if
a registration statement (which may be the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279925)) covering the issuance or resale of the Warrant
Shares is not available for the issuance or resale, as applicable, of the Warrant Shares, the Holder may exercise this Warrant in whole or in part and, in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such
exercise in payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price, elect instead to receive upon such exercise the Net Number of shares of Common Stock determined according to the following formula (a Cashless Exercise): 

Net Number = 

(A x B) - (A x C) 

B 

For purposes of the foregoing formula: 

A = the total number of shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised.

B = the arithmetic average of the Closing Sale Prices of the shares of Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive Trading Days ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the Exercise Notice.

C = the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For sake of clarity, regardless of whether an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration is or is not
available, there is no circumstance that requires the Company to effect a net cash settlement of the Warrants. 

(d) Rule 144. For
purposes of Rule 144(d) promulgated under the Securities Act, as in effect on the date hereof, it is intended that the Warrant Shares issued in a Cashless Exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the
Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the Issuance Date. 

(e) Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the
determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed, and all such disputes shall be resolved pursuant to
Section 13. 

(f) Beneficial Ownership. The Company shall not affect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder
shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or
any of the Holders Affiliates Attribution Parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise
(including in connection with any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below)). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of
the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder and or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the
Company beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for 

2 

purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For purposes of this Warrant, in
determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the
Company or (3) any other written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1(f) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder) and of which a portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of, and shall be the sole responsibility of, the Holder,
and the submission of an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be each Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in
each case subject to the Maximum Percentage, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for purported or actual exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance
with the Maximum Percentage (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company is provided by the Company and relied upon by the Holder). In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for purported or actual exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Maximum Percentage (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company is
provided by the Company and relied upon by the Holder). For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days confirm to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess
of 19.99% specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the
Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 1(f) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or
inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a
successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Maximum Percentage, no alternate consideration shall be owing to the Holder. 

2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time
as follows: 

(a) Adjustment upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in
effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately increased, such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged, subject to the limitation
on fractional shares in Section 1(a). If the Company at any time on or after while this Warrant is outstanding combines (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or otherwise) one or more classes
of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, 

3 

the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased, such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged, subject to the limitation on fractional shares in Section 1(a). Any adjustment under this Section 2(a) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or
combination becomes effective. 

(b) Other Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this
Section 2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Companys Board of Directors will
make an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares so as to protect the rights of the Holder; provided that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 2(b) will increase the Exercise Price or decrease the
number of Warrant Shares as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 2. 

3. RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. If the Company shall
declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or
other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant,
then, in each such case the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent
Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation). 

4. PURCHASE RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS. 

(a) Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time after the
Issuance Date and prior to the Expiration Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock (other than options granted by the Company to the Companys directors,
officers, employees and/or consultants), stock or securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the
grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights; provided, however, that to
the extent that the Holders right to participate 

4 

in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase
Right to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase
Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation. 

(b) Fundamental Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor Entity
assumes this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(b), including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant, including, without limitation, an adjusted exercise price equal to the value for the shares of Common Stock reflected by the terms of such Fundamental Transaction, and exercisable for a corresponding number of
shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and satisfactory to
the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had
been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the
Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash,
assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which
holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the
Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities,
cash, assets or other property) purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription
rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had the Warrant been exercised immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to
the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The provisions
of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant. 

5 

5. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment
of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, so long as this Warrant is outstanding, take all action
necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of this Warrant, 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

6. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of capital stock of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained
in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action
(whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the
Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise
of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

7. REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS. 

(a)
Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company together with a written assignment of this Warrant in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and, if required, funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon surrender and, if required, such payment the Company will, subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, issue
and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than
the total number of Warrant Shares than underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred. 

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss,
theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of
this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant. 

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of
the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to
purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, that no Warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be given. 

6 

(d) Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant
pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
(or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in
connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall
have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. 

8. [RESERVED]. 

9. NOTICES. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant, including in reasonable
detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in writing, will be mailed (a) if within the domestic United
States by first-class registered or certified mail, or nationally recognized overnight express courier, postage prepaid, or by electronic mail or (b) if delivered from outside the United States, by International Federal Express or electronic
mail, and (c) will be deemed given (i) if delivered by first-class registered or certified mail domestic, three Business Days after so mailed, (ii) if delivered by nationally recognized overnight carrier, one Business Day after so
mailed, (iii) if delivered by International Federal Express, two Business Days after so mailed and (iv) if delivered by electronic mail, on the date of transmission, if delivered by electronic mail to each of the email addresses specified
in this Section 9 prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a Trading Day, or the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if delivered by electronic mail to each of the email addresses specified in this Section 9 on a day that is not
a Trading Day or later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on any Trading Day, and will be delivered and addressed as follows: 

(a) 

If to the Company, to: 

Elicio Therapeutics, Inc. 

451 D
St., Suite 501 

Boston, Massachusetts 02210 

Attention: Legal Department, General Counsel 

Email: 

With copies to: 

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. 

919 Third Avenue 

New York, New
York 10022 

Attention: William Hicks, Esq., Daniel Bagliebter, Esq. 

Email: 

(b) if to the
Holder, to Holders address on any Exercise Notice delivered to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, or at such other address or addresses as may have been furnished to the Company in writing. 

10. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended or waived only with the written consent of
the Company and the Holder, and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only with the written consent of the Holder. 

7 

11. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and the relationship of the parties hereto shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

12. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly
drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. 

13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the
Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via electronic mail within two (2) Business Days of receipt of the Exercise Notice giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the
Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall,
within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or electronic mail (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder or (b) the
disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or
calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation,
as the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. 

14. REMEDIES, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.
The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall
limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. 

15. TRANSFER.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company. 

16. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power
for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 

(b) Bloomberg means Bloomberg Financial Markets. 

(c) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New
York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

(d) [Reserved] 

(e) Closing Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last
closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does

8 

not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price, as the case may be, then the last bid price or the last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York
time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities
exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg,
the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.). If the Closing Bid Price or the
Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price, as the case may be, of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in the exercise of its good faith judgment. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the
applicable calculation period. 

(f) Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall have been changed or any capital stock resulting from a reclassification of such Common Stock. 

(g) Eligible Market means the Principal Market, The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., NYSE American, The Nasdaq Global
Select Market, The Nasdaq Capital Market or OTC Bulletin Board. 

(h) Expiration Date means the date five
(5) years following the Issuance Date or, if such date falls on a day other than a Business Day or on which trading does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday), the next date that is not a Holiday. 

(i) Fundamental Transaction means that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or
assets of the Company to another Person, or (iii) allow another Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of
Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination), (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, or (vi) any person or group (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become the
beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock. 

(j) Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose
common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. 

9 

(k) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a
partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof. 

(l) Principal Market means The Nasdaq Global Market. 

(m) Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from
or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into. 

(n) Trading Day means any day on which shares of Common Stock are traded on the Principal Market, or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market or electronic quotations system on which the shares of Common Stock are then traded; provided that
Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange, market or system for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading
on such exchange, market or system (or if such exchange, market or system does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange, market or system, then during the hour ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time). 

[Signature Page Follows] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to
be duly executed and delivered as of the Issuance Date set out above. 

ELICIO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Robert Connelly

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)

[Signature Page to Form of Warrant] 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

TO BE
EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

ELICIO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

The
undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of Elicio Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), evidenced by the
attached Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. 

Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as:

_________________ a Cash Exercise with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares; and/or

_________________ a Cashless Exercise with respect to _______________ Warrant Shares (provided the conditions for cashless exercise set forth in Section 1(d) of the Warrant are satisfied).

2. 

Payment of Exercise Price. In the event that the holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all
of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant hereto, the holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $__ ________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. 

Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver __________ Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned
holder or in the name of ______________________ in accordance with the terms of the Warrant or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

Date: _______________, 20__ 

Name of Registered
Holder

By: 

Name:

Title:

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs [] to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance
with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated [ ], 2025 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to []. 

ELICIO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute 

this form and supply required information. 

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to
_________________________________________________whose address is: ______________________________________________________________________. 

Date:
_______________, 20__ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

Signature Guaranteed: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the
Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of
authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d914999dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

212 935 3000

mintz.com

January 30, 2025 

Elicio Therapeutics, Inc. 

451 D Street, 5th Floor 

Boston, MA 02210 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as legal counsel to Elicio
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a Prospectus Supplement, dated January 29, 2025 (the
Prospectus Supplement), to a Registration Statement (File No. 333-279925) on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company
with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Prospectus Supplement relates to the sale of (i) an aggregate of 1,261,830 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common
stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock) and (ii) common warrants (the Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,261,830 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares), pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated January 29, 2025, between the Company and the purchasers named therein (the Purchase Agreement). The form of Purchase Agreement will be filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. This opinion is being rendered in connection with the filing of the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission. All capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Registration Statement. 

In connection with this opinion, we have examined
the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation), and Amended and Restated Bylaws, each as currently in effect, the Registration Statement and the exhibits thereto, the
Prospectus Supplement, the Purchase Agreement and the form of Common Warrant and such other records of the corporate proceedings of the Company and certificates of the Companys officers as we have deemed relevant. 

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to
us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. With respect to our opinion as to the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants, we have assumed that, at the time of issuance and sale, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock are authorized and available for issuance under the Certificate of Incorporation as then in effect and that the
exercise price per share of the Warrants is an amount that is not less than the par value of the Common Stock. We have relied, without independent verification, on certificates of public officials and, as to matters of fact material to the opinions
set forth below, on certificates of officers of the Company. 

Our opinion is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and we
express no opinion with respect to the laws of any other jurisdiction. No opinion is expressed herein with respect to the qualification of the Shares under the securities or blue sky laws of any state or any foreign jurisdiction. 

BOSTON LOS ANGELES MIAMI NEW YORK SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO TORONTO WASHINGTON 

MINTZ, LEVIN, COHN, FERRIS, GLOVSKY AND POPEO, P.C. 

MINTZ

January 30, 2025

Page
2

Based upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that (i) the Shares, when issued and delivered in
accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii) the Warrants, if and when paid for in accordance with the terms of the Registration
Statement and the Purchase Agreement, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors in general and the
general principles of equity and (iii) the Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Please note that we are opining only as to the matters expressly set forth herein, and no opinion should be inferred as to any other matters. This opinion is
based upon currently existing statutes, rules, regulations and judicial decisions, and we disclaim any obligation to advise you of any change in any of these sources of law or subsequent legal or factual developments which might affect any matters
or opinions set forth herein. 

We understand that the Company wishes to file this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act
and to reference the firms name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement, and we hereby consent thereto. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is
required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d914999dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 29, 2025, between Elicio Therapeutics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the
Purchasers). 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, Securities (as defined below) of the
Company as more fully described in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement,
and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 4.5. 

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(j). 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of
New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 

1 

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the
Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to
deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day
that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day). 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other
instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Common Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the
Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit
A-1 attached hereto. 

Common Warrant Shares means the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants. 

Company Counsel means Mintz, Levin,
Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., with offices located at One Financial Center, Boston, Massachusetts 02111. 

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00
a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent,
and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time
by the Placement Agent. 

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(s). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common
Stock or options or other equity awards to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the
Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b)

2 

warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants to the Placement Agent, if applicable,
and/or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of
this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in
connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that
such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in
Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic
with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; and (d) Securities sold and issued to the Companys officers and directors (or any affiliated entity) following the date of this Agreement, which Securities shall have the
same terms and conditions as those included in this Agreement and a purchase price not less than the greater of (i) $8.625 (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar
transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement) and (ii) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the signing of the binding agreement between the Company and the
Companys officers and directors (or any affiliated entity) plus $0.125. 

FCPA means the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

FDA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(hh). 

FDCA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh). 

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa). 

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p). 

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right
or other restriction. 

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.1(b). 

3 

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 3.1(n). 

Per Share Purchase Price equals $7.925, subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, provided that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.01. 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Pharmaceutical Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh). 

Placement Agent means H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC. 

Pre-Funded Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be
exercisable immediately and will expire when exercised in full, in the form of Exhibit A-2 attached hereto. 

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

Proceeding means an
action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Prospectus means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information,
documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus. 

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed
with the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing. 

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8. 

Registration Statement means the
effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Commission (File No. 333-279925), including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or
incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the sale and issuance of the Securities to the Purchasers. 

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 

4 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be
amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Securities means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to
this Agreement. 

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO
under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants (if applicable) and Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which
amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash). 

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports, and shall, where
applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted
for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and
any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

5 

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

Variable Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b). 

Warrants means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded
Warrants. 

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 

ARTICLE II. 

PURCHASE AND
SALE 

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell,
and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $10,000,002.75 of Shares and Common Warrants; provided, however, that to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together
with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may
otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect, by so indicating such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in
the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of such Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the
option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with the
Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Common Warrant (and, if applicable, a Pre-Funded Warrant) as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the
Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company
Counsel or such other location (including remotely by electronic transmission) or as the Company and the Placement Agent shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt
of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder 

6 

to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any
additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to
such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided, further, that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not
during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the
time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as
defined in the appliable Warrant) delivered on or prior to 04:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees
to deliver the applicable Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the applicable Warrant) for purposes hereunder.

2.2 Deliveries. 

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Placement Agent and Purchasers; 

(iii) the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the
Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer; 

(iv) subject to
Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant,
if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser; 

(v) if applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.01, with an exercise price equal to $0.01 per share of Common Stock,
subject to adjustment therein; 

7 

(vi) a Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, if applicable, with an exercise price equal to $7.80 per share, subject to adjustment
therein; and 

(vii) the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the
Securities Act). 

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company
the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the
Company or its designee. 

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be
accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date); 

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been performed; and 

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this
Agreement. 

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the
following conditions being met: 

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date
therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date); 

8 

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be
performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; 

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set
forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; 

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Company; and 

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by
the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been
established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material
outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing. 

ARTICLE III. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (defined below), the Company hereby makes the
following representations and warranties to each Purchaser: 

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the
Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of
each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded. 

(b) Organization and Qualification. The
Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own
and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct 

9 

business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the
Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by
all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals.
This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and
contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or
violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar
adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company
or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

10 

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any
consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice and/or
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to
be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals). 

(f) Issuance of the
Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
the Company. The Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered by the Company, will be valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. The Warrant Shares, when issued in
accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on June 11, 2024, including the
Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form
S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus
has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the
Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any
amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and
will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

11 

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set
forth in the SEC Reports as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of options and restricted stock units under the Companys existing stock option plans, or changes in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the
Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable for, or convertible into, Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof). The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock
purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right
of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe
to, calls or commitments relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any
Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of
the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with
any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to
the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders. 

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or
regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has 

12 

received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of
and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports filed prior to the execution of this Agreement, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
(B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company
has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any
equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity compensation plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the
issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been
publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. 

(j) Litigation. There is
no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company or any Subsidiary, would have a Material Adverse
Effect or materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement (collectively, an Action). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has
been the subject of 

13 

any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company,
there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of
any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its
Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the
Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of
any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all
U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary:
(i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or
not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of
any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in
each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(m) Environmental Laws. The Company
and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions,
judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received 

14 

all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions
of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. 

(o) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of
such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have
been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and
enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance. 

(p) Intellectual Property. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights necessary or required
for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years
from the date of this Agreement, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are
enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of
their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude it from having valid
license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business. 

15 

(q) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized
financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it
will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost. 

(r) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the
Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or
otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee,
stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company. 

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal
Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and any and all
applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing
assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences, in each case, except as set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

16 

(t) Certain Fees. Except for compensation payable by the Company to the Placement
Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be
due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(u) Investment Company. The Company is not and
immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(v)
Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is
contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in
compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other
established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer. 

(x) Application of Takeover Protections. The
Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result
of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership
of the Securities. 

17 

(y) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or
might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and any amendment or supplement thereto, on the date thereof and the Closing Date, did not and will not
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement did not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 

(z) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this
offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated. 

(aa) Solvency. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any
Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade
accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments
in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness. 

(bb) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to
which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision
reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any
jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. 

18 

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the
knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to
disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 

(dd) Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is Baker Tilly US, LLP. To the knowledge and belief
of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. 

(ee) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that
no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser
that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without
limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any
Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be
deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities
at various times during the period 

19 

that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and
(z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such
aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents. 

(gg) Regulation M
Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any
compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities. 

(hh) FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such
product, a Pharmaceutical Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and
similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas,
labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any
lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning
letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing
of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials
relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules
and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has
the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company. 

20 

(ii) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the
Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option
would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to
knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects. 

(jj) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the
Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on
behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected
to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and
protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology
consistent with industry standards and practices. 

(kk) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the
Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations (collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the
Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required
by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys
then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or
customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; and (iii) any other piece of information that allows the
identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in
any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and 

21 

performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has
received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for,
in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law. 

(ll) Office of Foreign Assets
Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC). 

(mm) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The
Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request. 

(nn) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls,
directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the
Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

(oo) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the
Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each
Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the

22 

transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each
Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law. 

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own
account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is,
and on each date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a
qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. 

(d) Experience of Such
Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective
investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such
investment. 

(e) Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the
Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business,
properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information
or 

23 

advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the
Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to
it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser. 

(f) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such
Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period
commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending
immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the
portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets
managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation,
its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of
this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short
Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this
Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document
or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall
constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

ARTICLE IV. 

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1 Shares and Warrant Shares. The Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any portion of a
Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise
shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration 

24 

statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify
the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant
Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall
use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants. 

4.2 Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities and (ii) the Common
Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even
if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration. The Company shall
not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the
material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by
the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the
Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall
terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such
disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name

25 

of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except
(a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company
shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure. 

4.5 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and
the Purchasers. 

4.6 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser
or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in
writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in
securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information
to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation,
the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to
any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the
Company. 

4.7 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder as described in the
Prospectus Supplement and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for
the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 

26 

4.8 Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this
Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser
Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of
investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction
Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or
understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the
Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has
failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the
position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for
any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is
attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this
Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause
of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.9 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants. 

27 

4.10 Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to
maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and
promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action
reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The
Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust
Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 

4.11 Reserved. 

4.12 Subsequent Equity Sales. 

(a) From the date hereof until thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue,
enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus
Supplement, the filing of a registration statement or any amendment thereto with respect to the Common Warrant Shares or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit
plan. 

(b) From the date hereof until the one (1) anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or
entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock
either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or
equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company
may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless 

28 

of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, following the expiration of the restrictive period set forth in Section 4.12(a) above, the entry into and/or
issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy
shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in
respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance. 

4.13 Equal Treatment of
Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of the Transaction Documents) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same
consideration is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is
intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 

4.14 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this
Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the
confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company
in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no
Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio
managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant
set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. 

29 

4.15 Capital Changes. Until the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date,
the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares and
Pre-Funded Warrants other than a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market. 

4.16 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of
the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The
Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE V. 

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only
and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth
(5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees
and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes
and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers. 

5.3 Entire Agreement. The
Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email 

30 

address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified,
supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants based
on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment,
modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver
of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and
obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5
shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company. 

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for
convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the
prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in
writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers. 

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third -party beneficiary of the representations, warranties and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns
and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8. 

31 

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all
legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement
of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper
or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the
obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding. 

5.10 Survival. The
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities. 

5.11 Execution. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it
being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act
of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall
create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall
use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be
the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

32 

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its
related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without
prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise
notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including,
issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate
or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution
therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any
reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents.
The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific
performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that
the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any
law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived
and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in
any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by
any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers

33 

are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any
Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel
have chosen to communicate with the Company through the legal counsel of the Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to
provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision
contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 

5.18 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the
Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such
partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled. 

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.
If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

5.20 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments
thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar
transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

5.21 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN
ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND
EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

34 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

ELICIO THERAPEUTICS, INC. Address for Notice:

By: Elicio Therapeutics, Inc.

Name: Robert Connelly

Title: President and
Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

451 D St., Suite 501

Boston, Massachusetts
02210

Attention: Legal Department,

General Counsel

Email:

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

919 Third Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attention: William Hicks, Esq., Daniel Bagliebter, Esq.

Email: 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 

35 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO ELTX SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: ______________________________________________________ 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________ 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________ 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of
Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): 

Subscription Amount: $_________________ 

Shares: _________________ 

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99% 

Common Warrant Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99% 

EIN Number: ____________________ 

Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations
of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur by the Closing Date and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this
Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and
shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] 

36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d914999dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Elicio Therapeutics Announces $10.0 Million Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules 

BOSTON, January 30, 2025 Elicio Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:
ELTX, Elicio Therapeutics or Elicio), a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a pipeline of novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer, today announced that it has entered into definitive securities purchase
agreements with institutional investors for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,261,830 shares of its common stock and accompanying warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,261,830 shares of its common stock, at a purchase price of $7.925 per
share and accompanying warrant in a registered direct offering (the Offering) priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. The warrants will have an exercise
price of $7.80 per share, will be exercisable immediately upon issuance, and will expire five years from the initial exercise date. The closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or about January 30, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of
customary closing conditions. 

H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the offering. 

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $10.0 million, before deducting the placement agent fees
and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

The Offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement (File
No. 333-279925) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on June 3, 2024 and declared effective on June 11, 2024. The Offering is being made only by means of a
prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. The prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the securities being offered will be filed with the SEC and be available on
the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the securities being offered may also be obtained, when available, by contacting H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC at
430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (212) 856-5711 or e-mail at
placements@hcwco.com. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described
herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Elicio Therapeutics 

Elicio Therapeutics, Inc.
(Nasdaq: ELTX) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company advancing novel immunotherapies to prevent the recurrence of high-prevalence cancers, including mKRAS-positive pancreatic and colorectal cancers. Elicio intends to build on recent clinical
successes in the personalized cancer vaccine space to develop effective, off-the-shelf vaccines. Elicios Amphiphile technology aims to enhance the education,
activation and amplification of cancer-specific T cells relative to conventional vaccination strategies, with the goal of promoting 

durable cancer immunosurveillance in patients. Elicios ELI-002 lead program is an
off-the-shelf vaccine candidate targeting the most common KRAS mutations, which drive approximately 25% of all solid tumors.
ELI-002 is being studied in an ongoing, randomized clinical trial in patients with mKRAS-positive pancreatic cancer who completed standard therapy. Elicios pipeline includes additional off-the-shelf therapeutic cancer vaccines, including ELI-007 and ELI-008, that target
BRAF-driven cancers and p53 hotspot mutations, respectively. For more information, please visit www.elicio.com. 

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking
Statements 

Certain statements contained in this communication regarding matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, known as the PSLRA. These include statements regarding the consummation of the Offering, the satisfaction
of the closing conditions of the Offering, the gross proceeds form the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual results may differ materially from those projected. Elicio undertakes no
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. We use words such as anticipates, believes,
plans, expects, projects, future, intends, may, will, should, could, estimates, predicts, potential,
continue, guidance, and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements that are intended to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions of the PSLRA. Such forward-looking statements are based on our
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties; consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, market and other conditions,
Elicios financial condition, including its anticipated cash runway and ability to obtain the funding necessary to advance the development of ELI-002 and any other future product candidates and
Elicios ability to continue as a going concern; Elicios plans to develop and commercialize its product candidates, including ELI-002; the timing of initiation of Elicios planned clinical
trials; the timing of the availability of data from Elicios clinical trials; the timing of any planned investigational new drug application or new drug application; Elicios plans to research, develop and commercialize its current and
future product candidates; and Elicios estimates regarding future revenue, expenses, capital requirements and need for additional financing. 

New
factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such factors, nor can we assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. These risks are more fully discussed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, as amended on
April 29, 2024, under the heading Risk Factors, and any subsequent reports and other documents filed from time to time with the SEC. Forward-looking statements included in this release are based on information available to Elicio as
of the date of this release. Elicio does not undertake any obligation to update such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release, except to the extent required by law. 

Investor Relations Contact 

Carlo Tanzi, Ph.D. 

ctanzi@kendallir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eltx-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>eltx-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>eltx-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g914999dsp5.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g914999dsp6.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001601485

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Elicio Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39990

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-3430072

Entity Address, Address Line One 451 D Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 5th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02210

City Area Code (857)

Local Phone Number 209-0050

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol ELTX

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250129/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d914999d8k.htm 
eltx-20250129.xsd 
eltx-20250129_lab.xml 
eltx-20250129_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-016455-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d914999d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001601485 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

NASDAQ 
false 
0001601485 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
Elicio Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-39990 
11-3430072 
451 D Street 
5th Floor 
Boston 
MA 
02210 
(857) 
209-0050 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
ELTX 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>