<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-012974.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-012974.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213163026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-012974
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001035443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				954502084
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12993
		FILM NUMBER:		25620780

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 NORTH EUCLID AVENUE
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6265780777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 NORTH EUCLID AVENUE
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970311
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000103544300010354432025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 13, 2025

ALEXANDRIA
REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 1-12993 95-4502084

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

26
North Euclid Avenue

Pasadena, California 91101

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (626) 578-0777

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4 (c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4
(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common
Stock, $.01 par value per share ARE New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Agreement

On February 13, 2025, Alexandria Real Estate
Equities, Inc. (the Company) issued and sold $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.50%
Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes) in a registered public offering pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The Notes are governed by the terms of an Indenture,
dated as of February 13, 2025 (the Base Indenture), by and among the Company, as issuer, Alexandria Real Estate
Equities, L.P., as guarantor (the Guarantor), and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by Supplemental Indenture No. 1,
dated as of February 13, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture),
by and among the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee.

The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.50% per
year, from and including February 13, 2025 or the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid, and are payable
semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. The Notes mature on October 1,
2035. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by the Guarantor (the Guarantee), are the unsecured
senior obligations of the Company and rank equally with the Companys existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness.

The Company has the option to redeem all or a
part of the Notes at any time or from time to time.

Before July 1, 2035, the redemption price
for the Notes will equal the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, (ii) accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the date of the redemption, and (iii) a make-whole amount. On or after July 1, 2035, the
redemption price for the Notes will be equal to the sum of 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

The Indenture contains covenants that, among
other things, limit the ability of the Company, the Guarantor and the Companys subsidiaries to (i) consummate a merger, consolidation
or sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and (ii) incur secured or unsecured indebtedness. These covenants
are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications.

The Indenture also provides for customary events
of default. In the case of an event of default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal
of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or
notice. If any other event of default under the Indenture with respect to a series of the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee
or holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes of such series may declare all the Notes of such series
to be due and payable immediately.

The foregoing descriptions of the Notes and the
Indenture do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Base Indenture, the First Supplemental
Indenture and the form of the Notes and Guarantee, which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3, respectively, to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under
an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K pertaining to the Notes and the Indenture is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025, among Alexandria Real
Estate Equities, Inc., Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P. and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.2 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of February 13,
2025, by and among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., Alexandria Real Estate Equities,
L.P. and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee.

4.3 Form of 5.50% Senior Note due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.2
above).

5.1 Opinion
of Venable LLP.

5.2 Opinion
of Morrison & Foerster LLP.

8.1 Tax Opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP.

23.1 Consent of Venable LLP (included in opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1).

23.2 Consent of Morrison & Foerster LLP (included in opinion
filed as Exhibit 5.2).

23.3 Consent of Morrison & Foerster LLP (included in opinion
filed as Exhibit 8.1).

104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline
XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

Date: February 13, 2025 By: /s/ Marc
E. Binda

Marc E. Binda

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL

Alexandria
Real Estate Equities, Inc.

as Company,

Alexandria
Real Estate Equities, L.P.

as Guarantor,

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 13, 2025

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

Certain Sections of this Indenture relating to

Sections 3.10 through 3.18, inclusive, of the

Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended:

Provisions of Trust

Indenture Act of 1939,

as amended Indenture Section

310(a)(1) 6.9

(a)(2) 6.9

(a)(3) Not Applicable

(a)(4) Not Applicable

(a)(5) 6.8

(b) 6.8, 6.10

311(a) 6.13

(b) 6.13

312(a) 7.1, 7.2(a)

(b) 7.2(b)

(c) 7.2(c)

313(a) 7.3(a)

(b) 7.3(a)

(c) 7.3(a)

(d) 7.3(b)

314(a)(1)-(3) 7.4

(a)(4) 1.1, 10.4

(b) Not Applicable

(c)(1) 1.2

(c)(2) 1.2

(c)(3) Not Applicable

(d) Not Applicable

(e) 1.2

(f) Not Applicable

315(a) 6.1, 6.3

(b) 6.2

(c) 6.1

(d) 6.1

(e) 5.14

316(a) (last sentence) 1.1 (Outstanding)

(a)(1)(A) 5.2, 5.12

(a)(1)(B) 5.13

(a)(2) Not Applicable

(b) 5.8

(c) 1.4(c)

317(a)(1) 5.3

(a)(2) 5.4

(b) 10.3

318(a) 1.7

(b) Not Applicable

(c) 1.7

NOTE: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be a part of the Indenture.

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I Definitions and Other Provisions of General Application 1

Section 1.1 Definitions 1

Section 1.2 Compliance Certificates and Opinions 7

Section 1.3 Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 7

Section 1.4 Acts of Holders; Record Dates 8

Section 1.5 Notices, Etc., to Trustee and the Company 9

Section 1.6 Notice to Holders; Waiver 10

Section 1.7 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 10

Section 1.8 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 10

Section 1.9 Successors and Assigns 10

Section 1.10 Separability Clause 11

Section 1.11 Benefits of Indenture 11

Section 1.12 Governing Law 11

Section 1.13 Legal Holidays 11

Section 1.14 No Personal Liability 11

Section 1.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 12

Section 1.16 Force Majeure 12

Section 1.17 U.S.A. Patriot Act 12

Section 1.18 Execution in Counterparts 12

ARTICLE II Security Forms 13

Section 2.1 Forms Generally 13

Section 2.2 Additional Provisions Required in Book-Entry Security 13

Section 2.3 Form of Trustees Certificate of Authentication 13

ARTICLE III The Securities 14

Section 3.1 Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series 14

Section 3.2 Denominations 16

Section 3.3 Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 16

Section 3.4 Temporary Securities 18

Section 3.5 Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 18

Section 3.6 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 20

Section 3.7 Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved 20

Section 3.8 Persons Deemed Owners 22

Section 3.9 Cancellation 22

Section 3.10 Computation of Interest 22

Section 3.11 CUSIP Numbers 22

ARTICLE IV Satisfaction and Discharge 23

Section 4.1 Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 23

Section 4.2 Application of Trust Money 24

ARTICLE V Remedies 24

-i-

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 5.1 Events of Default 24

Section 5.2 Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 25

Section 5.3 Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 26

Section 5.4 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 27

Section 5.5 Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities 27

Section 5.6 Application of Money Collected 27

Section 5.7 Limitation on Suits 28

Section 5.8 Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest 28

Section 5.9 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 29

Section 5.10 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 29

Section 5.11 Delay or Omission Not Waiver 29

Section 5.12 Control by Holders 29

Section 5.13 Waiver of Past Defaults 30

Section 5.14 Undertaking for Costs 30

Section 5.15 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 30

ARTICLE VI The Trustee 31

Section 6.1 Certain Duties and Responsibilities 31

Section 6.2 Notice of Defaults 32

Section 6.3 Certain Rights of Trustee 32

Section 6.4 Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities 33

Section 6.5 May Hold Securities 34

Section 6.6 Money Held in Trust 34

Section 6.7 Compensation and Reimbursement 34

Section 6.8 Disqualification; Conflicting Interests 35

Section 6.9 Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility 35

Section 6.10 Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 35

Section 6.11 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 37

Section 6.12 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 38

Section 6.13 Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Company 38

Section 6.14 Appointment of Authenticating Agent 38

ARTICLE VII Holders Lists and Reports by Trustee and THE Company 40

Section 7.1 The Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 40

Section 7.2 Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders 40

Section 7.3 Reports by Trustee 40

Section 7.4 Reports by the Company 41

ARTICLE VIII Consolidation, Merger, Conveyance, Transfer or Lease 41

-ii-

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 8.1 The Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms 41

Section 8.2 Successor Substituted for the Company 42

Section 8.3 Guarantor May Consolidate on Certain Terms 42

Section 8.4 Substitution of Guarantor Successor 43

ARTICLE IX Supplemental Indentures 43

Section 9.1 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 43

Section 9.2 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 44

Section 9.3 Execution of Supplemental Indentures 45

Section 9.4 Effect of Supplemental Indentures 45

Section 9.5 Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 45

Section 9.6 Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures 46

ARTICLE X Covenants 46

Section 10.1 Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest 46

Section 10.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency 46

Section 10.3 Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust 46

Section 10.4 Statement by Officers as to Default 48

Section 10.5 Existence 48

Section 10.6 Waiver of Certain Covenants 48

ARTICLE XI Redemption of Securities 48

Section 11.1 Applicability of Article 48

Section 11.2 Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 48

Section 11.3 Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed 49

Section 11.4 Notice of Redemption 49

Section 11.5 Deposit of Redemption Price 50

Section 11.6 Securities Payable on Redemption Date 50

Section 11.7 Securities Redeemed in Part 51

ARTICLE XII Sinking Funds 51

Section 12.1 Applicability of Article 51

Section 12.2 Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 51

Section 12.3 Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 52

ARTICLE XIII Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 52

Section 13.1 Applicability of Article; the Companys Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 52

Section 13.2 Defeasance and Discharge 52

Section 13.3 Covenant Defeasance 53

Section 13.4 Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 53

Section 13.5 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 55

Section 13.6 Reinstatement 55

-iii-

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE XIV GUARANTEE 56

Section 14.1 Guarantee 56

Section 14.2 Execution and Delivery of Guarantee 57

Section 14.3 Limitation of the Guarantors Liability; Certain Bankruptcy Events 57

Section 14.4 Application of Certain Terms and Provisions to the Guarantor 58

Section 14.5 Subordination of Subrogation and Other Rights 58

Section 14.6 Release of the Guarantor from Guarantee 59

-iv-

INDENTURE, dated as of February 13, 2025 among
Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Maryland (the Company),
Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a limited partnership duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the
Guarantor), each having its principal offices at 26 North Euclid Avenue, Pasadena, California 91101, and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, a national banking association, as Trustee (the Trustee), having a corporate trust office
at 633 West Fifth Street, 24th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071.

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

WHEREAS, the Company and the Guarantor have duly
authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of its unsecured debentures, notes
or other evidences of indebtedness (herein called the Securities), guaranteed to the extent provided herein (the Guarantee)
by the Guarantor, to be issued in one or more series as provided in this Indenture.

WHEREAS, each of the Company and the Guarantor
have taken all actions necessary to make this Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, in accordance
with its terms.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration of the premises and the
purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the
Securities or of series thereof, as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions
and Other Provisions

of General Application

Section 1.1 Definitions.

For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise
expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(1) the
terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular;

(2) all
other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned
to them therein;

(3) all
accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and, except as otherwise herein expressly provided, the term generally accepted accounting principles with respect to any
computation required or permitted hereunder shall mean such accounting principles as are generally accepted at the date the Securities
are issued; and

1

(4) unless
otherwise specifically set forth herein, all calculations or determinations of a Person shall be performed or made on a consolidated basis
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(5) unless
the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or a Section refers to an Article or a Section,
as the case may be, of this Indenture; and

(6) the
words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision.

Act, when used with respect to any
Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 1.4.

Affiliate of any specified Person
means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified
Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct
the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Authenticating Agent means any Person
authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14 to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of one or more series.

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11 of
the U.S. Code or any similar U.S. federal or State law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization
or relief of debtors, or any amendment to succession to or change in any such law.

Benefited
Party has the meaning specified in Section 14.1.

Board of Directors means either the
board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that board.

Board Resolution means a copy of
a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and
to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Book-Entry Security means a Security
in the form prescribed in Section 2.1 evidencing all or part of a series of Securities, issued to the Depository for such series
or its nominee, and registered in the name of such Depository or nominee.

Business Day means, unless otherwise
provided by Board Resolution, Officers Certificate or supplemental indenture hereto for a particular series of Securities, any
day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the City of New York or in the Place of Payment on which banking institutions or the
Corporate Trust Office are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Commission means the Securities and
Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or, if at any time after the
execution of this instrument such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act,
then the body performing such duties at such time.

2

Company means the Person named as
the Company in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable
provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Company shall mean such successor Person.

Company Request or Company
Order means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Operating Officer, President or a Vice President, and by its Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, its Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary, and delivered to the Trustee.

Corporate Trust Office means an office
of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at
633 West Fifth Street, 24th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071, Attention: B. Scarbrough (Alexandria Real Estate Equities) or such
other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust
office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders
and the Company).

CUSIP means the Committee on Uniform
Securities Identification Procedures.

Defaulted Interest has the meaning
specified in Section 3.7.

Depository means, with respect to
the Securities of any series issuable or issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Book-Entry Securities, the Person designated
as Depository for such series by the Company pursuant to Section 3.1, which Person shall be a clearing agency registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Event of Default has the meaning
specified in Section 5.1.

General Partner means ARS-QRS Corp.,
the sole general partner of the Guarantor or any successor general partner of the Guarantor.

Guarantee means the full and unconditional
guarantee provided by the Guarantor as made applicable to one or more series of Securities pursuant to the terms of Section 3.1(18)
of this Indenture and any establishing Board Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officers Certificate (provided that, with respect
to any series of Securities to which Article XIV applies, Guarantee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1,
and the guarantees endorsed on the certificates evidencing the Securities, or both, as the context shall require).

Guarantee
Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 14.1.

Guarantor means the Person named
as the Guarantor in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor and/or additional Person(s) shall have
become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Guarantor shall mean such successor
and/or additional Person(s).

3

Holder means a Person in whose name
a Security is registered in the Security Register.

Indenture means this instrument as
originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into
pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, including, for all purposes of this instrument, and any such supplemental indenture, the
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are deemed to be a part of and govern this instrument and any such supplemental indenture,
respectively. The term Indenture shall also include the terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated
by Section 3.1.

interest, when used with respect
to an Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity.

Interest Payment Date, when used
with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security.

Maturity, when used with respect
to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein
or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

Officers Certificate means
a certificate signed by (i) the Executive Chairman (if any), the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Operating Officer, the President or a Vice President, and (ii) the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer,
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Company, and delivered to the Trustee. One of the officers signing an Officers
Certificate given pursuant to Section 10.4 shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the Company.

Opinion of Counsel means a written
opinion of counsel, who may be counsel for the Company, and who shall be acceptable to the Trustee.

Original Issue Discount Security
means any Security which provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration
of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.2.

Outstanding, when used with respect
to Securities, means, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except:

(i) Securities
theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

(ii) Securities
for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other
than the Company or any other obligor of the Securities) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company or any other obligor
of the Securities (if the Company or any other obligor of the Securities shall act as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities;
provided that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture
or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made; and

4

(iii) Securities
which have been paid pursuant to Section 3.6 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated and
delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee
proof satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Securities are valid obligations of
the Company;

provided,
however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Securities have given, made
or taken any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action hereunder as of any date, (i) the
principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount of the principal thereof
that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.2,
(ii) if, as of such date, the principal payment amount at the Maturity of a Security is not determinable, the principal amount of
such Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount as specified or determined as contemplated by Section 3.1,
(iii) the principal amount of a Security denominated in one or more foreign currencies or currency units which shall be deemed to
be Outstanding shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined in the manner provided as contemplated by Section 3.1 on the date
of original issuance of such Security, of the principal amount (or, in the case of an Original Issue Discount Security, the U.S. dollar
equivalent on the date of original issuance of such Security of the amount determined as provided in (i) above) of such Security,
and (iv) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other
obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying
upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, only Securities which a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith
may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so to act with
respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company
or of such other obligor.

Paying Agent means any Person authorized
by the Company to pay the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities on behalf of the Company.

Person means any individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Place of Payment, when used with
respect to the Securities of any series, means the place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities
of that series are payable as specified as contemplated by Section 3.1.

Predecessor Security of any particular
Security means every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Security; and,
for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section 3.6 in exchange for or in lieu of a mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security.

5

Redemption Date, when used with respect
to any Security to be redeemed, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to this Indenture.

Redemption Price, when used with
respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture.

Regular Record Date for the interest
payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Securities of any series means the date specified for that purpose as contemplated by Section 3.1.

Responsible Officer shall mean, when
used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant
vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions
similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter
related to this Indenture is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who,
in each case, shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Securities has the meaning stated
in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.

Security Register and Security
Registrar have the respective meanings specified in Section 3.5.

Special Record Date for the payment
of any Defaulted Interest means a date fixed by the Company pursuant to Section 3.7.

Stated Maturity, when used with respect
to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date
on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and payable.

Subsidiary means, with respect to
the Company or the Guarantor, any corporation or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities
are owned directly or indirectly by the Company or the Guarantor. For the purpose of this definition, voting equity securities
means equity securities which ordinarily have voting power for the election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior
class of equity securities has such voting power by reason of any contingency.

Trustee means the Person named as
the Trustee in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable
provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder,
and if at any time there is more than one such Person, Trustee as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall
mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series.

6

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this instrument was executed; provided, however, that in the event
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, Trust Indenture Act means, to the extent required by any such
amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.

Vice President, when used with respect
to the Company or the Trustee, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after
the title vice president.

Section 1.2 Compliance
Certificates and Opinions.

Upon any application or request by the Company
to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture or any supplement hereto, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee
an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed
action have been complied with and, if requested by the Trustee, an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all
such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the
furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request,
no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished. Each such certificate or opinion shall be given in the form of an Officers
Certificate, if to be given by an officer of the Company, or an Opinion of Counsel, if to be given by counsel, and shall comply with the
requirements of the Trust Indenture Act and any other requirements set forth in this Indenture.

Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance
with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include

(1) a
statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating
thereto;

(2) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based;

(3) a
statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to
express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(4) a
statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

Section 1.3 Form of
Documents Delivered to Trustee.

In any case where several matters are required
to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered
by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify
or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify
or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

7

Any certificate or opinion of an Officer of the
Company or, as applicable, the Guarantor, may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations
by, counsel, unless such Officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations
with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or opinion of counsel may
be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of
the Company and, as applicable, the Guarantor stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of
the Company and, as applicable, the Guarantor, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the
certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person is required to make, give or execute
two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may,
but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

Section 1.4 Acts
of Holders; Record Dates.

(a) Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given
or taken by Holders of the Outstanding Securities of all series or one or more series, as the case may be, may be embodied in and evidenced
by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and,
except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to
the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein
and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture
and (subject to Section 6.1) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section.

(b) The
fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution
or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual
signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity
other than his individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority. The fact and
date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any
other reasonable manner which the Trustee deems sufficient.

(c) The
Company may, in the circumstances permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, fix any day as the record date for the purpose of determining
the Holders of Securities of any series entitled to give or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver
or other action, or to vote on any action, authorized or permitted to be given or taken by Holders of Securities of such series. If not
set by the Company prior to the first solicitation of a Holder of Securities of such series made by any Person in respect of any such
action, or, in the case of any such vote, prior to such vote, the record date for any such action or vote shall be the 30th day (or, if
later, the date of the most recent list of Holders required to be provided pursuant to Section 7.1) prior to such first solicitation
or vote, as the case may be. With regard to any record date for action to be taken by the Holders of one or more series of Securities,
only the Holders of Securities of such series on such date (or their duly designated proxies) shall be entitled to give or take, or vote
on, the relevant action.

8

(d) The
ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Security Register.

(e) Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future
Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor
or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether
or not notation of such action is made upon such Security.

Section 1.5 Notices,
Etc., to Trustee and the Company.

Any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished
to, or filed with,

(1) the
Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing
to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, or

(2) the
Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if
in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Company addressed to it at the address of its principal office specified in
the first paragraph of this Indenture, Attention: General Counsel or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee
by the Company.

The Trustee may (in its sole discretion) accept
and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, pdf, facsimile transmission or other similar
unsecured electronic methods. If the Company elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar
electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions
shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the
Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with
a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions
and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk
or interception and misuse by third parties.

9

Section 1.6 Notice
to Holders; Waiver.

Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders
of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class
postage prepaid or such other method as shall be prescribed by the Depository, to each Holder affected by such event, at his address as
it appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date (if any), and not earlier than the earliest date (if any), prescribed
for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any
defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Any
notice sent in the manner prescribed in this Indenture shall be conclusively deemed to have been given whether or not received by any
particular Holder. In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable
to give such notice by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification
for every purpose hereunder.

Where this Indenture provides for notice in any
manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such
waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not
be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture
or any Security, where this Indenture or any Security provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption) to a Holder
of a Book-Entry Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depository for such Security
(or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depository (or its designee), including by electronic mail in accordance
with accepted practices at the Depository.

Section 1.7 Conflict
with Trust Indenture Act.

If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts
with a provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under such Act to be a part of and govern this Indenture, the latter provision
shall control. If any provision of this Indenture modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that may be so modified
or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture as so modified or to be excluded, as the case may be.

Section 1.8 Effect
of Headings and Table of Contents.

The Article and Section headings herein
and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

Section 1.9 Successors
and Assigns.

All covenants and agreements in this Indenture
by the Company and the Guarantor shall bind their successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

10

Section 1.10 Separability
Clause.

In case any provision in this Indenture, the Securities
or any Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall
not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 1.11 Benefits
of Indenture.

Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities,
and as applicable, any Guarantee, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder
and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 1.12 Governing
Law.

This Indenture, the Securities and any Guarantee
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Section 1.13 Legal
Holidays.

In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption
Date or Stated Maturity of any Security shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding any other provision
of this Indenture or of the Securities or any Guarantee) (other than a provision of the Securities of any series which specifically states
that such provision shall apply in lieu of this Section) payment of interest or principal (and premium, if any) need not be made at such
Place of Payment on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment with the same force and effect
as if made on the Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date, or at the Stated Maturity, provided that no interest shall accrue on
such payment for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity, as the case may be.

Section 1.14 No
Personal Liability.

No recourse shall be had for the payment of the
principal of (and premium, if any), or the interest, if any, on any Security of any series, or for any claim based thereon, or upon any
obligation, covenant or agreement of this Indenture, against any incorporator, limited partner, shareholder, trustee, director, officer
or employee, as such, past, present or future, of the Company, the Guarantor or of any successor entity to the Company or the Guarantor,
either directly or indirectly through the Company, the Guarantor or any successor entity to the Company or the Guarantor, whether by virtue
of any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the enforcement of any assessment of penalty or otherwise; it being expressly agreed
and understood that this Indenture, the Guarantees and all the Securities of each series are solely obligations of the Company and/or
the Guarantor (as the case may be), and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to, or is incurred by, any incorporator, limited
partner, shareholder, trustee, director, officer or employee, past, present or future, of the Company, the Guarantor or of any successor
entity to the Company or the Guarantor, either directly or indirectly through the Company, the Guarantor or any successor corporation
to the Company or the Guarantor, because of the incurring of the indebtedness hereby authorized or under or by reason of any of the obligations,
covenants or agreements contained in this Indenture or in any of the Securities of any series, or to be implied herefrom or therefrom;
and that all such personal liability is hereby expressly released and waived as a condition of, and as part of the consideration for,
the execution of this Indenture and the issuance of the Securities of each series.

11

Section 1.15 Waiver
of Jury Trial.

EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 1.16 Force
Majeure.

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or
liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces
beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances,
nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, epidemics, pandemics, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications
or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with
accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 1.17 U.S.A.
Patriot Act.

The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance
with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of
terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that
establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee
with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act.

Section 1.18 Execution
in Counterparts.

This Indenture may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The exchange of
copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery
of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture and signature pages for all purposes.

12

ARTICLE II

Security
Forms

Section 2.1 Forms
Generally.

The Securities of each series shall be substantially
in such form (not inconsistent with this Indenture) as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution and, subject to Section 3.3,
set forth or determined in the manner prescribed in an Officers Certificate, or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto,
in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture
or any indenture supplemental hereto, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements
placed thereon as may be required to comply with the rules of any securities exchange or Depository therefor or as may, consistently
herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of the Securities. If the form of Securities
of any series is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified
by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company Order
contemplated by Section 3.3 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities.

The definitive Securities shall be printed, lithographed
or engraved on steel engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the officers executing such Securities,
as evidenced by their execution of such Securities.

Section 2.2 Additional
Provisions Required in Book-Entry Security.

Any Book-Entry Security issued hereunder shall,
in addition to the provisions contained in Sections 2.1 and 2.3, bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY IS A BOOK-ENTRY
SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITORY.
THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED
CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY
OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY.

Section 2.3 Form of
Trustees Certificate of Authentication.

The Trustees certificates of authentication
shall be in substantially the following form:

This is one of the Securities of the series
designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION

As Trustee

By 

Authorized Signatory

13

ARTICLE III

The Securities

Section 3.1 Amount
Unlimited; Issuable in Series.

The aggregate principal amount of Securities which
may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.

The Securities may be issued in one or more series.
There shall be established in or pursuant to a Board Resolution and, subject to Section 3.3, set forth, or determined in the manner
provided, in an Officers Certificate, or established in one or more supplemental indentures hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities
of any series,

(1) the
title of the Securities of the series (which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from Securities of any other series);

(2) any
limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture
(except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities
of the series pursuant to Section 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 9.6 or 11.7 and except for any Securities which, pursuant to Section 3.3, are
deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder);

(3) the
Person to whom any interest on a Security of the series shall be payable, if other than the Person in whose name that Security (or one
or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest;

(4) the
date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the series is payable;

(5) the
rate or rates at which the Securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, or the method of calculating such rate or rates of interest,
the date or dates from which such interest shall accrue, the Interest Payment Dates on which any such interest shall be payable and the
Regular Record Date for any interest payable on any Interest Payment Date;

(6) the
place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on Securities of the series shall be payable;

14

(7) the
period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the series may be redeemed,
in whole or in part, at the option of the Company;

(8) the
obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem, purchase or repay Securities of the series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions
or at the option of a Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions
upon which Securities of the series shall be redeemed, purchased or repaid, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;

(9) if
other than minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 thereof, the denominations in which Securities of the series
shall be issuable;

(10) the
currency, currencies or currency units (each of which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee) in which payment of the principal
of and any premium and interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable if other than the currency of the United States of America
and the manner of determining the equivalent thereof in the currency of the United States of America for purposes of the definition of
Outstanding in Section 1.1;

(11) if
the amount of payments of principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities of the series may be determined with reference to
an index or pursuant to a formula, the manner in which such amounts shall be determined;

(12) if
the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities of the series is to be payable, at the election of the Company or a Holder
thereof, in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which the Securities are stated to be payable, the currency,
currencies or currency units (each of which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee) in which payment of the principal of and any
premium and interest on the Securities of such series as to which such election is made shall be payable, and the periods within which
and the terms and conditions upon which such election is to be made;

(13) the
application, if any, of Section 13.2 or 13.3 to the Securities of any series;

(14) whether
the Securities of the series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Book-Entry Securities and, in such case, the
Depository with respect to such Book-Entry Security or Securities and the circumstances under which any Book-Entry Security may be registered
for transfer or exchange, or authenticated and delivered, in the name of a Person other than such Depository or its nominee, if other
than as set forth in Section 3.5;

(15) if
other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of Securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration
of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.2;

15

(16) any
provisions relating to the conversion or exchange of the Securities into common stock or other debt securities of the Company;

(17) the
status and ranking of the Securities;

(18) whether
the Securities of such series are entitled to the benefits of a Guarantee pursuant to this Indenture, the terms of such Guarantee, including
whether the provisions of Article XIV shall apply to such Guarantee, and whether any such Guarantee shall be made on a senior or
subordinated basis and, if applicable, the subordination terms of any such Guarantee; and

(19) any
other terms of the series (which terms shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, except as permitted by Section 9.1).

All Securities of any one series and, as applicable,
any Guarantee shall be substantially identical except as to denomination and except as may otherwise be provided in or pursuant to the
Board Resolution referred to above and (subject to Section 3.3) set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in the Officers
Certificate referred to above or in any such indenture supplemental hereto. All Securities of any one series need not be issued at the
same time and, unless otherwise provided with respect to a series, a series may be reopened, without the consent of the Holders, for issuances
of additional Securities of such series.

If any of the terms of the series are established
by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the Secretary or
an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officers Certificate setting
forth the terms of the series.

Section 3.2 Denominations.

The Securities of each series shall be issuable
in fully registered, book-entry form in such denominations as shall be specified as contemplated by Section 3.1. In the absence of
any such provisions with respect to the Securities of any series, the Securities of such series shall be issuable in minimum denominations
of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 3.3 Execution,
Authentication, Delivery and Dating.

The Securities shall be executed on behalf of the
Company by its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, President or a Vice President.
The signature of any of these officers on the Securities may be manual, facsimile or other electronic signature.

Securities bearing the manual, facsimile or other
electronic signature signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall bind the Company, notwithstanding
that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or did
not hold such offices at the date of such Securities.

16

At any time and from time to time after the execution
and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities of any series, executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication,
together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Securities, and the Trustee in accordance with the Company Order
shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. If the form or terms of the Securities of the series have been established by or pursuant
to one or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Sections 2.1 and 3.1, in authenticating such Securities, and accepting the additional
responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall receive, and (subject to Section 6.1) shall
be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating,

(a) if
the form of such Securities has been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution as permitted by Section 2.1, that such form has
been established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture;

(b) if
the terms of such Securities have been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution as permitted by Section 3.1, that such terms
have been established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture;

(c) that
such Securities have been duly authorized by the Company; and

(d) that
such Securities, when duly executed, issued and authenticated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the
Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general
equity principles.

If such form or terms have been so established,
the Trustee shall not be required to authenticate such Securities if the issue of such Securities pursuant to this Indenture will affect
the Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under the Securities and this Indenture or otherwise in a manner which
is not reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.1
and of the preceding paragraph, if all Securities of a series are not to be originally issued at one time, it shall not be necessary to
deliver the Officers Certificate otherwise required pursuant to Section 3.1 or the Company Order and Opinion of Counsel otherwise
required pursuant to such preceding paragraph at or prior to the time of authentication of each Security of such series if such documents
are delivered at or prior to the authentication upon original issuance of the first Security of such series to be issued.

Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.

No Security shall be entitled to any benefit under
this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Security a certificate of authentication substantially
in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual signature, and such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any Security shall have been authenticated and delivered hereunder but never issued and sold by the Company, and the Company shall
deliver such Security to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 3.9, for all purposes of this Indenture such Security
shall be deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder and shall never be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

17

Section 3.4 Temporary
Securities.

Pending the preparation of definitive Securities
of any series, the Company may execute, and upon Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Securities which
are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in any authorized denomination, substantially of the tenor
of the definitive Securities in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other
variations as the officers executing such Securities may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities.

If temporary Securities of any series are issued,
the Company will cause definitive Securities of that series to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive
Securities of such series, the temporary Securities of such series shall be exchangeable for definitive Securities of such series upon
surrender of the temporary Securities of such series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for that series, without
charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Securities of any series the Company shall execute
and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor one or more definitive Securities of the same series, of any authorized
denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and tenor. Until so exchanged the temporary Securities of any series shall in all
respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities of such series and tenor.

Section 3.5 Registration,
Registration of Transfer and Exchange.

The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate
Trust Office of the Trustee a register (the register maintained in such office and in any other office or agency of the Company in a Place
of Payment being herein sometimes collectively referred to as the Security Register) in which, subject to such reasonable
regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Securities and of transfers of Securities. The Trustee
is hereby appointed Security Registrar for the purpose of registering Securities and transfers of Securities as herein provided.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of
any Security of any series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for that series, the Company shall execute, and
the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Securities of the
same series, of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and tenor.

At the option of the Holder, Securities of any
series may be exchanged for other Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount
and tenor, upon surrender of the Securities to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Securities are so surrendered for exchange,
the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Securities which the Holder making the exchange is entitled
to receive.

18

All Securities issued upon any registration of
transfer or exchange of Securities shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits
under this Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

Every Security presented or surrendered for registration
of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or the Trustee) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument
of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized
in writing.

No service charge shall be made for any registration
of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, other than exchanges pursuant to
Section 3.4 or 11.7 not involving any transfer.

The Company shall not be required (i) to issue,
register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the
day of the mailing of a notice of redemption of Securities of that series selected for redemption under Section 11.3 and ending at
the close of business on the day of such mailing, or (ii) to register the transfer of or exchange any Security so selected for redemption
in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Book-Entry Security
shall be exchangeable pursuant to this Section 3.5 for Securities registered in the name of Persons other than the Depository for
such Security or its nominee only if (i) such Depository notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository
for such Book-Entry Security or if at any time such Depository ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, (ii) the Company executes and delivers to the Trustee a Company Order that such Book-Entry Security shall
be so exchangeable or (iii) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Securities. Any Book-Entry
Security that is exchangeable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be exchangeable for Securities registered in such names as such
Depository shall direct.

Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture,
a Book-Entry Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depository with respect to such Book-Entry Security to a nominee
of such Depository or by a nominee of such Depository to such a Depository or another nominee of such Depository.

Each Holder of a Security agrees to indemnify the
Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee against any liability that may result from the transfer, exchange or assignment of such Holders
Security in violation of any provision of this Indenture and/or applicable United States federal or State securities law.

19

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to
monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law
with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among Depository participants or beneficial
owners of interests in any Book-Entry Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence
as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to
determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

Section 3.6 Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.

If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the
Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same series
and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

If there shall be delivered to the Company and
the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (ii) such security or indemnity
as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Company
or the Trustee that such Security or Guarantee has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same series and of like tenor
and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or
stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security,
pay such Security.

Upon the issuance of any new Security under this
Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in
relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee and its counsel) connected therewith.

Every new Security of any series issued pursuant
to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation
of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled
to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of that series duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section are exclusive
and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Securities.

Section 3.7 Payment
of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved.

Except as otherwise provided as contemplated by
Section 3.1 with respect to any series of Securities, interest on any Security which is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided
for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered
at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest.

20

Any interest on any Security of any series which is payable,
but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (subject to any grace period pursuant to Section 5.1)
(herein called Defaulted Interest) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant Regular Record Date
by virtue of having been such Holder, and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election, in each case, as provided
in Clause (1) or (2) below:

(1) The
Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series (or their respective
Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which
shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to
be paid on each Security of such series and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the
Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements
satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust
for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this Clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a Special
Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date
of the proposed payment and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company
shall promptly notify the Trustee of such Special Record Date and, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest
and the Special Record Date therefor to be delivered to each Holder of Securities of such series at his address as it appears in the Security
Register, not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special
Record Date therefor having been so sent, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series
(or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be
payable pursuant to the following Clause (2).

(2) The
Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Securities of any series in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the
requirements of any securities exchange on which such Securities may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange,
if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this Clause, such manner of payment shall be
deemed practicable by the Trustee.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section,
each Security delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Security shall
carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other Security.

21

Section 3.8 Persons
Deemed Owners.

Prior to due presentment of a Security for registration
of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in
whose name such Security is registered as the owner of such Security for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and any premium
and (subject to Section 3.7) any interest on such Security and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Security be
overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.

Section 3.9 Cancellation.

All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption,
registration of transfer or exchange or for credit against any sinking fund payment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the
Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by it in accordance with its customary procedures. The Company may
at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company
may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation
any Securities previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold, and all Securities so delivered shall be
promptly cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures. No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange
for any Securities cancelled as provided in this Section, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Securities held
by the Trustee shall be disposed of in accordance with its customary practices.

Section 3.10 Computation
of Interest.

Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by
Section 3.1 for Securities of any series, interest on the Securities of each series shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
of twelve 30-day months.

Section 3.11 CUSIP
Numbers.

The Company in issuing the Securities may use CUSIP
numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders;
provided that the Trustee shall have no liability for any defect in the CUSIP, ISIN or similar numbers as
they appear on any Security, notice or elsewhere, and, provided further, that any such notice may state that no representation is made
as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance
may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any
defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers pertaining
to the Securities.

22

ARTICLE IV

Satisfaction
and Discharge

Section 4.1 Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture.

This Indenture shall upon Company Request cease
to be of further effect (except as hereinafter provided in this Section 4.1), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall
execute such instruments as reasonably requested by the Company acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when

(1) either

(A) all
Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Securities which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which
have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 3.6 and (ii) Securities for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited
in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided
in Section 10.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(B) all
such Securities not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation

(i) have
become due and payable, or

(ii) will
become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or

(iii) are
to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the
Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company,

and the Company, in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) above,
has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for such purpose an amount of money sufficient to pay
and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Securities not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal and
any premium and interest to the date of such deposit (in the case of Securities which have become due and payable) or to the Stated Maturity
or Redemption Date, as the case may be;

(2) the
Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and

(3) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent
herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

23

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the
obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 6.7, the obligations of the Company to any Authenticating Agent under Section 6.14
and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (B) of Clause (1) of this Section, the obligations
of the Trustee under Section 4.2 and the last paragraph of Section 10.3 shall survive. If the Company exercises the satisfaction
and discharge provisions in compliance with this Indenture with respect to Securities of a particular series that are entitled to the
benefit of a Guarantee, such Guarantee will terminate with respect to that series of Securities.

Section 4.2 Application
of Trust Money.

Subject to provisions of the last paragraph of
Section 10.3, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance
with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company
acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal and any premium and interest
for whose payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee.

ARTICLE V

Remedies

Section 5.1 Events
of Default.

Event of Default, wherever used herein
with respect to Securities of any series, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether
it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any
order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(1) default
in the payment of any interest upon any Security of that series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a
period of 30 days; or

(2) default
in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Security of that series at its Maturity; or

(3) default
in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, when and as due by the terms of a Security of that series; or

(4) default
in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this Indenture (other than a covenant or warranty a default
in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with or which has expressly been included in
this Indenture solely for the benefit of series of Securities other than that series), and continuance of such default or breach for a
period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the
Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series a written notice specifying such
default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder; or

24

(5) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (A) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (B) a decree
or order adjudging the Company a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company under any applicable federal or State law, or appointing a custodian, receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of the property of the
Company, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such
other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or

(6) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of
a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or State bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it,
or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or State law, or
the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the
taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any such action; or

(7) any
event which constitutes an Event of Default under the terms governing Securities of that series established as provided
in Section 3.1.

Section 5.2 Acceleration
of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities
of any series at the time Outstanding occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25%
in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series may declare the principal amount (or, if any of the Securities of that
series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount of such Securities as may be specified by the terms
thereof) of all of the Securities of that series to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the
Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) shall become immediately due and
payable.

25

At any time after such a declaration of acceleration
with respect to Securities of any series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained
by the Trustee as hereinafter provided in this Article, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of
that series, by written notice to the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences
if

(1) the
Company has paid or irrevocably deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay

(A) all
overdue interest on all Securities of that series,

(B) the
principal of (and premium, if any, on) any Securities of that series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration
and any interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities,

(C) to
the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities,
and

(D) all
sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel;

and

(2) all
Events of Default with respect to Securities of that series, other than the non-payment of the principal of Securities of that series
which has become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent
default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 5.3 Collection
of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee.

The Company covenants that if

(1) default
is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period
of 30 days, or

(2) default
is made in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Security at the Maturity thereof,

the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay
to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal and any
premium and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal
and premium and on any overdue interest, at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further
amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities
of any series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of
the Holders of Securities of such series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect
and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise
of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

26

Section 5.4 Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim.

In case of any judicial proceeding relative to
the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), its property or its creditors, the Trustee shall be entitled and empowered, by
intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, to take any and all actions authorized under the Trust Indenture Act in order to have claims
of the Holders and the Trustee allowed in any such proceeding. In particular, the Trustee shall be authorized to collect and receive any
moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee,
trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make
such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders,
to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents
and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 6.7.

No provision of this Indenture shall be deemed
to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect
of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section 5.5 Trustee
May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.

All rights of action and claims under this Indenture
or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof
in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an
express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such
judgment has been recovered.

Section 5.6 Application
of Money Collected.

Any money or property collected by the Trustee
pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution
of such money or property on account of principal or any premium or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the notation thereon
of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid:

FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee
under Section 6.7;

SECOND: To the payment of the amounts then due
and unpaid for principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money
has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for
principal and any premium and interest, respectively; and

27

THIRD: The balance, if any, to the Company.

Section 5.7 Limitation
on Suits.

No Holder of any Security of any series shall have
any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or
trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless:

(1) such
Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of that series;

(2) the
Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series shall have made written request to the Trustee
to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(3) such
Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be
incurred in compliance with such request;

(4) the
Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and

(5) no
direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of not less than
25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series;

it being understood and intended that no one or
more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect,
disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other
of such Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit
of all of such Holders (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions
or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders).

Section 5.8 Unconditional
Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest.

Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture,
the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and any premium
and (subject to Section 3.7) any interest on such Security on the Stated Maturity or Maturities expressed in such Security (or, in
the case of redemption, on the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights shall not
be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

28

Section 5.9 Restoration
of Rights and Remedies.

If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any
proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason,
or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding,
the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder
and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 5.10 Rights
and Remedies Cumulative.

Except as otherwise provided with respect to the
replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in the last paragraph of Section 3.6, no right or remedy
herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every
right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder
or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise,
shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 5.11 Delay
or Omission Not Waiver.

No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder
of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute
a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee
or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the
case may be.

Section 5.12 Control
by Holders.

The Holders of a majority in principal amount of
the Outstanding Securities of any series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any
remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such series,
provided that:

(1) such
direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture,

(2) the
Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction,

(3) the
Trustee need not take any action or follow any instruction which may involve it in personal liability or loss, and

(4) the
Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other holders of Securities.

29

Prior to taking any such action hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled
to indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against all fees, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees
and expenses) incurred or to be incurred by taking such action.

Section 5.13 Waiver
of Past Defaults.

The Holders of not less than a majority in principal
amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of such series waive any past default
hereunder with respect to such series and its consequences, except a default:

(1) in
the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any Security of such series, or

(2) in
respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article IX cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder
of each Outstanding Security of such series affected.

Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease
to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such
waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 5.14 Undertaking
for Costs.

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or
remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may
require any party litigant in such suit to file an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and may assess costs against any such party
litigant, in the manner and to the extent provided in the Trust Indenture Act; provided that neither this Section nor the
Trust Indenture Act shall be deemed to authorize any court to require such an undertaking or to make such an assessment in any suit instituted
by the Trustee.

Section 5.15 Waiver
of Stay or Extension Laws.

The Company and the Guarantor each covenants (to
the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the
benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants
or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company and the Guarantor each (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly
waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein
granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

30

ARTICLE VI

The Trustee

Section 6.1 Certain
Duties and Responsibilities.

(a) Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default,

(1) the
Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants
or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(2) in
the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the
opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture;
but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee,
the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but
need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

(b) In
case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this
Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances
in the conduct of his or her own affairs.

(c) No
provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure
to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that

(1) this
Subsection (c) shall not be construed to limit the effect of Subsection (a) of this Section;

(2) the
Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be proved that the
Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(3) the
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, determined as provided in Sections 1.4 and
5.12, relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust
or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series; and

(4) no
provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability, financial or otherwise,
in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds
for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

31

(d) Whether
or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording
protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section.

Section 6.2 Notice
of Defaults.

If a default occurs hereunder with respect to Securities
of any series, the Trustee shall give the Holders of Securities of such series notice of such default as and to the extent provided by
the Trust Indenture Act; provided, however, that in the case of any default of the character specified in Section 5.1(4) with
respect to Securities of such series, no such notice to Holders shall be given until at least 30 days after the occurrence thereof. For
the purpose of this Section, the term default means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become,
an Event of Default with respect to Securities of such series.

Section 6.3 Certain
Rights of Trustee.

Subject to the provisions of Section 6.1:

(a) the
Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other
paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b) any
request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or Company Order and any resolution
of the Board of Directors may be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution;

(c) whenever
in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering
or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith
on its part, rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(d) the
Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

(e) the
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory
to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction;

32

(f) the
Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document,
but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and,
if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises
of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the reasonable cost of the Company and shall incur no liability or additional liability
of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;

(g) the
Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys
and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care
by it hereunder;

(h) the
Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to
be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;

(i) in
no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage and regardless of the form of action;

(j) the
Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge
thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office
of the Trustee, and such notice references the Securities and this Indenture;

(k) the
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified,
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and to each agent, custodian and other
Person employed to act hereunder;

(l) the
Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized
at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture; and

(m) the
Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder.

Section 6.4 Not
Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities.

The recitals contained herein and in the Securities,
except the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee or any Authenticating
Agent assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this
Indenture or of the Securities. The Trustee or any Authenticating Agent shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company
of Securities or the proceeds thereof.

33

Section 6.5 May Hold
Securities.

The Trustee, any Authenticating Agent, any Paying
Agent, any Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee
of Securities and, subject to Sections 6.8 and 6.13, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would have if it were
not Trustee, Authenticating Agent, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent.

Section 6.6 Money
Held in Trust.

Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need
not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money
received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Company in writing.

Section 6.7 Compensation
and Reimbursement.

The Company agrees:

(1) to
pay to the Trustee from time to time such compensation as the Company and the Trustee shall from time to time agree in writing for all
services rendered by it hereunder (including legal fees and expenses) (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law
in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);

(2) except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses (including legal fees and
expenses), disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the
reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance
as may be attributable to its negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction;
and

(3) to
indemnify each of the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee and their officers, directors, employees and agents for, and to hold them harmless
against, any and all loss, damage, claims, liability or expense, including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined
by the income of the Trustee), arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder,
including the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, the Guarantor or any Holder or
any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, or in connection
with enforcing the provisions of this Section, except to the extent that such loss, damage, claim, liability or expense is due to its
own negligence or willful misconduct final nonappealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction.

The obligations of the Company set forth in this Section 6.7
shall survive the termination of the Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.

34

To secure the payment obligations of
the Company and the Guarantors in this Section 6.7, the Trustee shall have a Lien prior to the Securities on all money or property
held or collected by the Trustee, except with respect to funds held in trust for the benefit of the Holders of particular Securities.
Such Lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or the earlier resignation, removal or replacement of the Trustee.

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after
an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(5) or (6) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the
services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy
Law.

Section 6.8 Disqualification;
Conflicting Interests.

If the Trustee has or shall acquire a conflicting
interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign, to the extent and
in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and this Indenture.

Section 6.9 Corporate
Trustee Required; Eligibility.

There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder
which shall be eligible to act as Trustee under Section 310(a)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act and shall have a combined capital
and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such corporation publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or the requirements
of federal, state, territorial or District of Columbia supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the
combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent
report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.9,
it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VI. The Trustee shall comply
with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. Neither the Company, the Guarantor nor any Person directly
or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company or the Guarantor shall serve as Trustee.

Section 6.10 Resignation
and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a) No
resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until
the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11.

(b) The
Trustee may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of one or more series by giving written notice thereof to the Company. If
the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 6.11 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within
30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition at the expense of the Company any court of
competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.

(c) The
Trustee may be removed at any time with respect to the Securities of any series by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount
of the Outstanding Securities of such series, delivered to the Trustee and to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor
Trustee required by Section 6.11 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of removal,
the Trustee being removed may petition, at the expense of the Company, any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor
Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.

35

(d) If
at any time:

(1) the
Trustee shall fail to comply with Section 6.8 after written request therefor by the Company or by any Holder who has been a bona
fide Holder of a Security for at least six months, or

(2) the
Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 6.9 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by
any such Holder, or

(3) the
Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property
shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of
rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such case, (i) the Company by a Board Resolution
may remove the Trustee with respect to all securities, or (ii) subject to Section 5.14, any Holder who has been a bona fide
Holder of a Security for at least six months may, on behalf of such Holder and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee with respect to all Securities and the appointment of a successor Trustee or Trustees.

(e) If
the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
with respect to the Securities of one or more series, the Company, by a Board Resolution, shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee or
Trustees with respect to the Securities of that or those series (it being understood that any such successor Trustee may be appointed
with respect to the Securities of one or more or all of such series and that at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect
to the Securities of any particular series) and shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11. If, within one year
after such resignation, removal or incapability, or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities
of any series shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series
delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment
in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11, become the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such
series and to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee with respect to the Securities
of any series shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders and accepted appointment in the manner required by Section 6.11,
any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security of such series for at least six months may, on behalf of such Holder and all
others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the
Securities of such series.

(f) The
Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series and each appointment
of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series to all Holders of Securities of such series in the manner provided
in Section 1.6. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and the
address of its Corporate Trust Office.

36

Section 6.11 Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor.

(a) In
case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to all Securities, every such successor Trustee so appointed shall
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to the retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the
resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance,
shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee; but, on the request of the Company or the
successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of the fees and expenses of the retiring Trustee, execute and deliver an
instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer
and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder.

(b) In
case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Company,
the Guarantor, the retiring Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series shall execute and
deliver an indenture supplemental hereto wherein each successor Trustee shall accept such appointment and which (1) shall contain
such provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights,
powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such
successor Trustee relates, (2) if the retiring Trustee is not retiring with respect to all Securities, shall contain such provisions
as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect
to the Securities of that or those series as to which the retiring Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the retiring
Trustee, and (3) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate
the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture
shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder
separate and apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee; and upon the execution and delivery of such
supplemental indenture the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided therein and each
such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties
of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates;
but, on request of the Company or any successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor
Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which
the appointment of such successor Trustee relates.

(c) Upon
request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming
to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts referred to in paragraph (a) and (b) of this Section, as the case
may be.

37

(d) No
successor Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified and eligible
under this Article.

Section 6.12 Merger,
Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business.

Any entity into which the Trustee may be merged
or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee
shall be a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor
of the Trustee hereunder, provided such corporation shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article, without the execution
or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In case any Securities shall have been authenticated,
but not delivered, by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee
may adopt such authentication and deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Trustee had itself
authenticated such Securities.

Section 6.13 Preferential
Collection of Claims Against the Company.

If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor
of the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding
the collection of claims against the Company (or any such other obligor).

Section 6.14 Appointment
of Authenticating Agent.

The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent
or Agents with respect to one or more series of Securities which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities
of such series issued upon original issue and upon exchange, registration of transfer or partial redemption thereof or pursuant to Section 3.6,
and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes
as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of Securities
by the Trustee or the Trustees certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include authentication and delivery
on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating
Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and shall at all times be a corporation organized and doing business
under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating
Agent, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by federal or State
authority. If such Authenticating Agent publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of said
supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Authenticating Agent
shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time
an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, such Authenticating Agent shall
resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section.

38

Any corporation into which an Authenticating Agent
may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation
to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate agency or
corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be an Authenticating Agent, provided such corporation shall be
otherwise eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the
Authenticating Agent.

An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time
by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating
Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or
upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions
of this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Company and shall deliver written
notice of such appointment to all Holders of Securities of the series with respect to which such Authenticating Agent will serve, as their
names and addresses appear in the Security Register. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall
become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating
Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section.

The Company agrees to pay to each Authenticating
Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this Section.

If an appointment with respect to one or more series
is made pursuant to this Section, the Securities of such series may have endorsed thereon, in addition to or in lieu of the Trustees
certificate of authentication, an alternate certificate of authentication in substantially the following form:

This is one of the Securities of the series designated
therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

As Trustee

By 

As Authenticating Agent

By 

Authorized Signatory

39

ARTICLE VII

Holders
Lists and Reports by Trustee and THE Company

Section 7.1 The
Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders.

The Company will furnish or cause to be furnished
to the Trustee

(a) semi-annually,
not later than 10 days after the Regular Record Date for interest for each series of Securities, a list, in such form as the Trustee may
reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders of such series as of such Regular Record Date, or if there is no Regular
Record Date for interest for such series of Securities, semi-annually, upon such dates as are set forth in the Board Resolution or indenture
supplemental hereto authorizing such series, and

(b) at
such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after the receipt by the Company of any such request, a list of
similar form and content as of a date not more than 15 days prior to the time such list is furnished;

excluding
from any such list names and addresses received by the Trustee in its capacity as Security Registrar.

Section 7.2 Preservation
of Information; Communications to Holders.

(a) The
Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the most recent
list furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 7.1 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity
as Security Registrar. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 7.1 upon receipt of a new list so
furnished.

(b) The
rights of the Holders to communicate with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Securities, and
the corresponding rights and privileges of the Trustee, shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.

(c) Every
Holder of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee
nor any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of any disclosure of information as to names and addresses of Holders
made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act.

Section 7.3 Reports
by Trustee.

(a) The
Trustee shall transmit to Holders such reports concerning the Trustee and its actions under this Indenture as may be required pursuant
to the Trust Indenture Act at the times and in the manner provided pursuant thereto. If required by Section 313(a) of the Trust
Indenture Act, the Trustee shall, within sixty days after each May 15 following the date of the initial issuance of Securities under
this Indenture deliver to Holders a brief report, dated as of such May 15, which complies with the provisions of such Section 313(a).

40

(b) A
copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange upon which
any Securities are listed, with the Commission and with the Company. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee, in writing, when any
Securities are listed on any stock exchange and of any delisting thereof.

Section 7.4 Reports
by the Company.

The Company shall file with the Trustee and the
Commission, and transmit to Holders, such information, documents and other reports, and such summaries thereof, as may be required pursuant
to the Trust Indenture Act at the times and in the manner provided pursuant to such Act; provided that any such information, documents
or reports required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall
be filed with the Trustee within 15 days after the same is so required to be filed with the Commission. Delivery of such reports, information
and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive
notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance
with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates).

ARTICLE VIII

Consolidation,
Merger, Conveyance, Transfer or Lease

Section 8.1 The
Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms.

The Company shall not consolidate with or merge
into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, and the Company
shall not permit any Person to consolidate with or merge into the Company or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially
as an entirety to the Company, unless:

(1) in
case the Company shall consolidate with or merge into another Person or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially
as an entirety to any Person, the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires
by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety shall be a corporation,
partnership or trust, shall be organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the
District of Columbia and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory
to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and any premium and interest on all the Securities and the performance
or observance of every covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Company to be performed or observed;

(2) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction and treating any indebtedness which becomes an obligation of the Company or a Subsidiary as a
result of such transaction as having been incurred by the Company or such Subsidiary at the time of such transaction, no Event of Default,
and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing; and

41

(3) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger,
conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture
comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with.

Section 8.2 Successor
Substituted for the Company.

Upon any consolidation of the Company with, or
merger of the Company into, any other Person or any conveyance, transfer or lease of the properties and assets of the Company substantially
as an entirety in accordance with Section 8.1, the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged
or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power
of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Company herein, and thereafter,
except in the case of a lease, the predecessor Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the
Securities.

Section 8.3 Guarantor
May Consolidate on Certain Terms.

The Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge
into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, and the Guarantor
shall not permit any Person to consolidate with or merge into the Guarantor or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially
as an entirety to the Guarantor, unless:

(1) in
case the Guarantor shall consolidate with or merge into another Person or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially
as an entirety to any Person, the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires
by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Guarantor substantially as an entirety shall be a corporation,
partnership or trust, shall be organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the
District of Columbia and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory
to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and any premium and interest on all the Securities and the performance
or observance of every covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Company to be performed or observed;

(2) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction and treating any indebtedness which becomes an obligation of the Guarantor as a result of such
transaction as having been incurred by the Guarantor at the time of such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice
or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing; and

(3) the
Guarantor has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation,
merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental
indenture comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied
with.

42

Section 8.4 Substitution
of Guarantor Successor.

Upon any consolidation or merger or any sale, conveyance,
transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Guarantor to any Person in accordance with Section 8.3,
the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Guarantor is merged or to which such sale, conveyance, transfer or
lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Guarantor under this Indenture
with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Guarantor herein, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease,
the predecessor Person shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture.

ARTICLE IX

Supplemental
Indentures

Section 9.1 Supplemental
Indentures Without Consent of Holders.

Without the consent of any Holders, the Company,
when authorized by a Board Resolution, the Guarantor and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures
supplemental hereto for any of the following purposes:

(1) to
evidence the succession of another Person to the Company and/or the Guarantor and the assumption by any such successor of the obligations
of the Company and/or the Guarantor herein and in the Securities; or

(2) to
add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such covenants are to be
for the benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such covenants are expressly being included solely for the benefit
of such series) or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company; or

(3) to
add any additional Events of Default; or

(4) to
add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of
Securities in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as to principal, and with or without interest coupons, or to permit or facilitate
the issuance of Securities in uncertificated form; or

(5) to
add guarantees with respect to the Securities; or

(6) to
add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of this Indenture in respect of one or more series of Securities, provided that
any such addition, change or elimination (i) shall neither (A) apply to any Security of any series created prior to the execution
of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (B) modify the rights of the Holder of any such
Security with respect to such provision or (ii) shall become effective only when there is no such Security Outstanding; or

43

(7) to
establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Sections 2.1 and 3.1, including any subordination provisions;
or

(8) to
evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more
series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section 6.11(b); or

(9) subject
to Section 3.1, to provide for the issuance of any additional Securities of a series, which shall have terms substantially identical
in all material respects to the Securities of that series (in each case, other than with respect to the date of issuance, issue price
and amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date applicable thereto), as the case may be, and which shall be treated
together with any outstanding Securities and any previously issued additional Securities, as a single issue of Securities; or

(10) to
cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein, or to make
any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture, provided that such action pursuant to this
clause (10) shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of any series in any material respect, as determined
by the Board of Directors.

Section 9.2 Supplemental
Indentures with Consent of Holders.

With the consent of the Holders of not less than
a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of each series affected by such supplemental indenture, by Act of said Holders
delivered to the Company and the Trustee, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, the Guarantor and the Trustee may enter
into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating
any of the provisions of this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series under this
Indenture; provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding
Security affected thereby,

(1) change
the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any Security, or reduce the principal amount
thereof or the rate of interest thereon or any premium payable upon the redemption thereof, or reduce the amount of the principal of an
Original Issue Discount Security that would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to
Section 5.2, or change any Place of Payment where, or the coin or currency in which, any Security or any premium or interest thereon
is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or,
in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date), or modify the conversion provisions, if any, of any Security in a manner
adverse to the holder of the Security, or

44

(2) reduce
the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such
supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture
or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences) provided for in this Indenture, or

(3) modify
any of the provisions of this Section, Section 5.13 or Section 10.7, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that
certain other provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security
affected thereby, provided, however, that this clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any Holder with respect
to changes in the references to the Trustee and concomitant changes in this Section and Section 10.7, or the deletion
of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements of Sections 6.11(b) and 9.1(10).

A supplemental indenture which changes or eliminates
any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has expressly been included solely for the benefit of one or more particular series
of Securities, or which modifies the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series with respect to such covenant or other provision,
shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of Securities of any other series.

It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders
under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act
shall approve the substance thereof.

Section 9.3 Execution
of Supplemental Indentures.

In executing, or accepting the additional trusts
created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture,
the Trustee shall receive, and (subject to Section 6.1) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officers Certificate
and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture.
The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustees own rights,
duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

Section 9.4 Effect
of Supplemental Indentures.

Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture
under this Article, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this
Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound
thereby.

Section 9.5 Conformity
with Trust Indenture Act.

Every supplemental indenture executed pursuant
to this Article shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act.

45

Section 9.6 Reference
in Securities to Supplemental Indentures.

Securities of any series authenticated and delivered
after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article may, and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation
in form reasonably acceptable to the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company shall so determine,
new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any such supplemental indenture
may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such
series.

ARTICLE X

Covenants

Section 10.1 Payment
of Principal, Premium and Interest.

The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit
of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities of that
series in accordance with the terms of the Securities and this Indenture.

Section 10.2 Maintenance
of Office or Agency.

The Company will maintain in each Place of Payment
for any series of Securities an office or agency where Securities of that series may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities
of that series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect
of the Securities of that series and this Indenture may be served. The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the
location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required
office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may
be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all
such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided that the Trustee shall not be an agent for service of legal process upon
the Company or any Guarantor.

The Company may also from time to time designate
one or more other offices or agencies where the Securities of one or more series may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes
and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in
any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in each Place of Payment for Securities of any series
for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change
in the location of any such other office or agency.

Section 10.3 Money
for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust.

If the Company shall at any time act as its own
Paying Agent with respect to any series of Securities, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of or any premium or interest
on any of the Securities of that series, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto a sum sufficient
to pay the principal and any premium and interest so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed
of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of its action or failure so to act.

46

Whenever the Company shall have one or more Paying
Agents for any series of Securities, it will, prior to each due date of the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities
of that series, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such amount, such sum to be held as provided by the Trust Indenture
Act, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of its action or failure so
to act.

The Company will cause each Paying Agent for any
series of Securities other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree,
subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent will (i) comply with the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act
applicable to it as a Paying Agent and (ii) during the continuance of any default by the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities
of that series) in the making of any payment in respect of the Securities of that series, and upon the written request of the Trustee,
forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent for payment in respect of the Securities of that series. Upon
any Event of Default under Section 5.1(5) or (6) with respect to the Company, the Trustee shall automatically become the
Paying Agent.

The Company may at any time, for the purpose of
obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company Order direct any Paying Agent
to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts
as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee,
such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Subject to applicable abandoned property laws,
any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of or
any premium or interest on any Security of any series and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium or interest
has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from
such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof,
and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof,
shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such
repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in a newspaper published in the English language, customarily
published on each Business Day and of general circulation in the City of New York, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that,
after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such
money then remaining will be repaid to the Company.

47

Section 10.4 Statement
by Officers as to Default.

The Company will deliver to the Trustee, within
120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof, an Officers Certificate, stating whether
or not to the best knowledge of the signers thereof the Company is in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions
and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided hereunder) and, if the Company
shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may have knowledge.

Section 10.5 Existence.

Subject to Article VIII, the Company will
do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights (charter and statutory)
and franchises; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to preserve any such right or franchise if the
Board of Directors of the Company shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business
of the Company and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Holders.

Section 10.6 Waiver
of Certain Covenants.

The Company and the Guarantor may omit in any particular
instance to comply with any term, provision or condition set forth in Sections 10.5, inclusive, with respect to the Securities of any
series if before the time for such compliance the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of
such series shall, by Act of such Holders, either waive such compliance in such instance or generally waive compliance with such term,
provision or condition, but no such waiver shall extend to or affect such term, provision or condition except to the extent so expressly
waived, and, until such waiver shall become effective, the obligations of the Company or the Guarantor and the duties of the Trustee in
respect of any such term, provision or condition shall remain in full force and effect.

ARTICLE XI

Redemption
of Securities

Section 11.1 Applicability
of Article.

Securities of any series which are redeemable before
their Stated Maturity shall be redeemable in accordance with their terms and (except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1
for Securities of any series) in accordance with this Article.

Section 11.2 Election
to Redeem; Notice to Trustee.

The election of the Company to redeem any Securities
shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution or an Officers Certificate. In case of any redemption at the election of the Company of
less than all the Securities of any series, the Company shall, at least 60 days prior to the Redemption Date fixed by the Company (unless
a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), notify the Trustee in writing of such Redemption Date, of the principal amount
of Securities of such series to be redeemed and, if applicable, of the tenor of the Securities to be redeemed. In the case of any redemption
of Securities prior to the expiration of any restriction on such redemption provided in the terms of such Securities or elsewhere in this
Indenture, the Company shall furnish the Trustee with an Officers Certificate evidencing compliance with such restriction.

48

Section 11.3 Selection
by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed.

If less than all the Securities of any series are
to be redeemed (unless all of the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed), the particular Securities to
be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee, from the Outstanding Securities of such
series not previously called for redemption, by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate as is required by the Depository
and which may provide for the selection for redemption of portions (equal to the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of that
series or any integral multiple thereof) of the principal amount of Securities of such series of a denomination larger than the minimum
authorized denomination for Securities of that series. If less than all of the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are
to be redeemed, the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee,
from the Outstanding Securities of such series and specified tenor not previously called for redemption in accordance with the preceding
sentence.

The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company in
writing of the Securities selected for redemption and, in the case of any Securities selected for partial redemption, the principal amount
thereof to be redeemed.

For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the
context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities shall relate, in the case of any Securities redeemed
or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Securities which has been or is to be redeemed.

Section 11.4 Notice
of Redemption.

Notice of redemption shall be delivered not less
than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, to each Holder of Securities to be redeemed, at his address appearing in the
Security Register, or longer in the case of satisfaction and discharge under Article IV.

All notices of redemption shall identify the Securities
to be redeemed (including CUSIP number(s)) and shall state:

(1) the
Redemption Date,

(2) the
Redemption Price,

(3) if
less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption
of any Securities, the principal amounts) of the particular Securities to be redeemed,

49

(4) that
on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each such Security to be redeemed and, if applicable, that
interest thereon will cease to accrue on and after said date,

(5) the
place or places where such Securities are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price,

(6) that
the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such is the case,

(7) the paragraph of the Securities and/or Section of
this Indenture pursuant to which the Securities called for redemption are being redeemed, and

(8) that no representation is made as to the
correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, listed in such notice or printed on the Securities.

Notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed
at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Companys written request (given at least five (5) days
before such notice is to be sent (or as such shorter period as shall be acceptable to the Trustee), by the Trustee (provided such notice
shall by prepared by the Company) in the name and at the expense of the Company.

Section 11.5 Deposit
of Redemption Price.

Prior to 11:00 A.M. New York time on any Redemption
Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate
and hold in trust as provided in Section 10.3) an amount of money sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and (except if the Redemption
Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest on, all the Securities which are to be redeemed on that date.

Section 11.6 Securities
Payable on Redemption Date.

Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid,
the Securities so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the Redemption Price therein specified, and
from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest) such Securities
shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for redemption in accordance with said notice, such Security shall be
paid by the Company at the Redemption Price, together with accrued interest to the Redemption Date; provided, however, that,
unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1, installments of interest whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption
Date shall be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, registered as such at the close of business
on the relevant record dates according to their terms and the provisions of Section 3.7.

If any Security called for redemption shall not
be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal and any premium shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date
at the rate prescribed therefor in the Security.

50

Section 11.7 Securities
Redeemed in Part.

Any Security which is to be redeemed only in part
shall be surrendered at a Place of Payment therefor (with, if the Company or the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written
instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized
in writing), and the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Security without service
charge, a new Security or Securities of the same series and of like tenor, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder,
in aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Security so surrendered. If
a Book-Entry Security is so surrendered, the outstanding balance of any such book-Entry Security shall be adjusted by the Trustee to reflect
such redemption.

ARTICLE XII

Sinking
Funds

Section 12.1 Applicability
of Article.

The provisions of this Article shall be applicable
to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of a series except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for
Securities of such series.

The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment
provided for by the terms of Securities of any series is herein referred to as a mandatory sinking fund payment, and any
payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of Securities of any series is herein referred to as an optional
sinking fund payment. If provided for by the terms of Securities of any series, the cash amount of any sinking fund payment may
be subject to reduction as provided in Section 12.2. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities of
any series as provided for by the terms of Securities of such series.

Section 12.2 Satisfaction
of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities.

The Company (1) may deliver Outstanding Securities
of a series (other than any previously called for redemption) and (2) may apply as a credit Securities of a series which have been
redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Securities or through the application of permitted optional
sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such Securities, in each case in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment
with respect to the Securities of such series required to be made pursuant to the terms of such Securities as provided for by the terms
of such series; provided that such Securities have not been previously so credited. Such Securities shall be received and credited
for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption Price specified in such Securities for redemption through operation of the sinking fund
and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly.

51

Section 12.3 Redemption
of Securities for Sinking Fund.

Not less than 60 days prior to each sinking fund
payment date for any series of Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate specifying the amount
of the next ensuing sinking fund payment for that series pursuant to the terms of that series, the portion thereof, if any, which is to
be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting Securities of that
series pursuant to Section 12.2 and will also deliver to the Trustee any Securities to be so delivered. Not less than 45 days before
each such sinking fund payment date the Trustee shall select the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date in the
manner specified in Section 11.3 and cause notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the
Company in the manner provided in Section 11.4. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made
upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 11.6 and 11.7.

ARTICLE XIII

Defeasance
and Covenant Defeasance

Section 13.1 Applicability
of Article; the Companys Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

If pursuant to Section 3.1 provision is made
for either or both of (a) defeasance of the Securities of a series under Section 13.2 or (b) covenant defeasance of the
Securities of a series under Section 13.3, then the provisions of such Section or Sections, as the case may be, together with
the other provisions of this Article XIII, shall be applicable to the Securities of such series, and the Company may at its option
by Board Resolution or Officers Certificate, at any time, with respect to the Securities of such series, elect to have either Section 13.2
(if applicable) or Section 13.3 (if applicable) be applied to the Outstanding Securities of such series upon compliance with the
conditions set forth below in this Article XIII.

Section 13.2 Defeasance
and Discharge.

Upon the Companys exercise of the above
option applicable to this Section, the Company shall be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to the Outstanding
Securities of such series on and after the date the conditions precedent set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, defeasance).
For this purpose, such defeasance means that the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented
by the Outstanding Securities of such series and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Securities and this Indenture
insofar as such Securities are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute such instruments as reasonably
requested by the Company acknowledging the same), except for the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged
thereunder: (A) the rights of Holders of Outstanding Securities of such series to receive, solely from the trust fund described in
Section 13.4 as more fully set forth in such Section, payments of the principal of (and premium and interest, if any, on) such Securities
when such payments are due, (B) the Companys obligations with respect to such Securities under Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 10.2
and 10.3 and such obligations as shall be ancillary thereto, (C) the rights, powers, trusts, duties, immunities and other provisions
in respect of the Trustee hereunder, and the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 6.7, and (D) this Article XIII.
Subject to compliance with this Article XIII, the Company may exercise its option under this Section 13.2 notwithstanding the
prior exercise of its option under Section 13.3 with respect to the Securities of such series.

52

Section 13.3 Covenant
Defeasance.

Upon the Companys exercise of the above
option applicable to this Section, the Company shall be released from its obligations under Sections 8.1, 10.5 and 10.6 (and any covenant
applicable to such Securities that are determined pursuant to Section 3.1 to be subject to this provision) and the occurrence of
an event specified in Section 5.1(4) (with respect to any of Sections 8.1, 10.5 or 10.6) (and any other Event of Default applicable
to such Securities that are determined pursuant to Section 3.1 to be subject to this provision) shall not be deemed to be an Event
of Default with respect to the Outstanding Securities of such series on and after the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied
(hereinafter, covenant defeasance). For this purpose, such covenant defeasance means that, with respect to the Outstanding
Securities of such series, the Company may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation
set forth in any such Section or clause whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or
clause or by reason of any reference in any such Section or clause to any other provision herein or in any other document, but the
remainder of this Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected thereby.

Section 13.4 Conditions
to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

The following shall be the conditions precedent
to application of either Section 13.2 or Section 13.3 to the Outstanding Securities of such series:

(1) The
Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or another trustee satisfying the requirements of
Section 6.9 who shall agree to comply with the provisions of this Article XIII applicable to it) as trust funds in trust for
the purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders
of such Securities, (A) money in an amount, or (B) U.S. Government Obligations which through the scheduled payment of principal
and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment,
money in an amount, or (C) a combination thereof, sufficient, without reinvestment, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm
of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge, and which
shall be applied by the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee) to pay and discharge, the principal of (and premium and interest, if any
on) the Outstanding Securities of such series on the Maturity of such principal, or premium and interest, if any. Before such a deposit
the Company may make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the redemption of Securities at a future date or dates in accordance
with Article XI, which shall be given effect in applying the foregoing. For this purpose, U.S. Government Obligations
means securities that are (x) direct obligations of the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit
is pledged or (y) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States
of America the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which,
in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued
by a bank (as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government
Obligation or a specific payment of principal of or interest on any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account
of the holder of such depository receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction
from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government
Obligation or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by such depositary receipt.

53

(2) No
Event of Default or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default with respect to the Securities of
such series shall have occurred and be continuing (A) on the date of such deposit or (B) insofar as subsections 5.1(5) and
(6) are concerned, at any time during the period ending on the 121st day after the date of such deposit or, if longer, ending on
the day following the expiration of the longest preference period applicable to the Company in respect of such deposit (it being understood
that the condition in this condition shall not be deemed satisfied until the expiration of such period).

(3) Such
defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not (A) cause the Trustee for the Securities of such series to have a conflicting interest
as defined in Section 6.8 or for purposes of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to any securities of the Company or (B) result
in the trust arising from such deposit to constitute, unless it is qualified as, a regulated investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(4) Such
defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other
agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

(5) In
the case of an election under Section 13.2, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that (x) the
Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (y) since the date of this Indenture
there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall
confirm that, the Holders of the Outstanding Securities of such series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax
purposes as a result of such defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same
times as would have been the case if such defeasance had not occurred.

(6) In
the case of an election under Section 13.3, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that
the Holders of the Outstanding Securities of such series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a
result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times
as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not occurred.

54

(7) Such
defeasance or covenant defeasance shall be effected in compliance with any additional terms, conditions or limitations which may be imposed
on the Company in connection therewith pursuant to Section 3.1.

(8) The
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent provided for relating to either the defeasance under Section 13.2 or the covenant defeasance under Section 13.3 (as
the case may be) have been complied with.

Section 13.5 Deposited
Money and U.S. Government Obligations to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.

Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph
of Section 10.3, all money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other
qualifying trustee collectively, for purposes of this Section 13.5, the Trustee) pursuant to Section 13.4
in respect of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions
of such Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (but not including the Company acting
as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Securities, of all sums due and to become due thereon in
respect of principal (and premium, if any) and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required
by law.

The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee
against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the money or U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 13.4
or the principal and interest received in respect thereof.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Request any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by
it as provided in Section 13.4 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed
in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited
to effect an equivalent defeasance or covenant defeasance.

Section 13.6 Reinstatement.

If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to
apply any money in accordance with Section 13.2 or 13.3 by reason of any order or judgment or any court or governmental authority
enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Companys obligations under the Securities of such series
shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article XIII until such time as the Trustee or
Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 13.2 or 13.3; provided, however, that
if the Company makes any payment of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any such Security following the reinstatement of
its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money
held by the Trustee or the Paying Agent.

55

This instrument may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument.

ARTICLE XIV

GUARANTEE

Section 14.1 Guarantee.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Article XIV
to the contrary, the provisions of this Article XIV shall be applicable only to, and inure solely to the benefit of, the Securities
of any series designated, pursuant to Section 3.1(18), as entitled to the benefits of a Guarantee identified in such designation
and that has executed a notation of Guarantee with respect to such series.

For value received and subject to the provisions
of this Article XIV, the Guarantor hereby fully and unconditionally guarantees (for purpose of any series of Securities to which
this Article XIV applies) to each Holder of a Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors
and assigns that: (i) the principal (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, of the Securities as well as any amount due and payable
to the Trustee under the Indenture shall be duly and punctually paid in full when due, whether at Maturity, upon acceleration, at the
Redemption Date or otherwise, and interest on overdue principal, and (to the extent permitted by law) interest on any interest, if any,
on the Securities shall be promptly paid in full, all in accordance with the terms hereof; and (ii) in case of any extension of time
of payment or renewal of any Securities, the same shall be promptly paid in full when due in accordance with the terms of the extension
or renewal, whether at Maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, subject, however, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above,
to the limitations set forth in Section 14.3 hereof (collectively, the Guarantee Obligations).

Subject to the provisions of this Article XIV,
the Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability
of the Securities or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to
any thereof, the entry of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise
constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of the Guarantor. The Guarantor hereby waives and relinquishes: (a) any right
to require the Trustee, the Holders or the Company (each, a Benefited Party) to proceed against the Company or any other
Person or to proceed against or exhaust any security held by a Benefited Party at any time or to pursue any other remedy in any secured
partys power before proceeding against the Guarantor; (b) any defense that may arise by reason of the incapacity, lack of
authority, death or disability of any other Person or Persons or the failure of a Benefited Party to file or enforce a claim against the
estate (in administration, bankruptcy or any other proceeding) of any other Person or Persons; (c) demand, protest and notice of
any kind (except as expressly required by this Indenture), including but not limited to notice of the existence, creation or incurring
of any new or additional indebtedness or obligation or of any action or non-action on the part of the Guarantor, the Company, any Benefited
Party, any creditor of the Guarantor or the Company or on the part of any other Person whomsoever in connection with any obligations the
performance of which are hereby guaranteed; (d) any defense based upon an election of remedies by a Benefited Party, including but
not limited to an election to proceed against the Guarantor for reimbursement; (e) any defense based upon any statute or rule of
law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of
the principal; (f) any defense arising because of a Benefited Partys election, in any proceeding instituted under the Bankruptcy
Law, of the application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (g) any defense based on any borrowing or grant
of a security interest under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Guarantor hereby covenants that, except as otherwise provided
therein, the Guarantee shall not be discharged except by payment in full of all Guarantee Obligations.

56

If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any
court or otherwise to return to either the Company or the Guarantor, or any trustee or similar official acting in relation to either the
Company or the Guarantor, any amount paid by the Company or the Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder, the Guarantee, to the extent
theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. The Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right
of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any Guarantee Obligations hereby until payment in full of all such obligations
guaranteed hereby. The Guarantor agrees that, as between it, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (x) the
maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Section 5.2 hereof for the purposes hereof, notwithstanding
any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the Guarantee Obligations, and (y) in the event
of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Section 5.2 hereof, such Guarantee Obligations (whether or not due and payable)
shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantor for the purpose of the Guarantee.

Section 14.2 Execution
and Delivery of Guarantee.

To evidence the Guarantee set forth in Section 14.1
hereof, the Guarantor agrees that a notation of the Guarantee shall be endorsed on each Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee
and that this Indenture shall be executed on behalf of the Guarantor by an officer of the General Partner.

The Guarantor agrees that the Guarantee set forth
in this Article XIV shall remain in full force and effect and apply to all the Securities notwithstanding any failure to endorse
on each Security a notation of the Guarantee.

If an officer whose facsimile signature is on a
Security or a notation of the Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Security on which the Guarantee
is endorsed, the Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless.

The delivery of any Security by the Trustee, after
the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantor.

Section 14.3 Limitation
of the Guarantors Liability; Certain Bankruptcy Events.

The Guarantor, and by its
acceptance hereof each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee Obligations of the Guarantor
pursuant to its Guarantee not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent
Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or State law. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Holders
and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the Guarantee Obligations of the Guarantor under this Article XIV shall be limited
to the maximum amount as shall, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of the Guarantor, result in the Guarantee
Obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

57

The Guarantor hereby covenants
and agrees, to the fullest extent that it may do so under applicable law, that in the event of the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution,
liquidation or reorganization of the Company, the Guarantor shall not file (or join in any filing of), or otherwise seek to participate
in the filing of, any motion or request seeking to stay or to prohibit (even temporarily) execution on the Guarantee and hereby waives
and agrees not to take the benefit of any such stay of execution, whether under Section 362 or 105 of the Bankruptcy Law or otherwise.

Section 14.4 Application
of Certain Terms and Provisions to the Guarantor.

For purposes of any provision
of this Indenture which provides for the delivery by the Guarantor of an Officers Certificate and/or an Opinion of Counsel, the
definitions of such terms in Section 1.1 hereof shall apply to the Guarantor as if references therein to the Company were references
to the Guarantor (and with Officer being read as being an officer of the General Partner, as necessary).

Any request, direction, order
or demand which by any provision of this Indenture is to be made by the Guarantor shall be sufficient if evidenced as described in Section 14.2
hereof.

Any notice or demand which
by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders to or on the Guarantor
may be given or served as described in Section 1.5 hereof.

Upon any demand, request or
application by the Guarantor to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Guarantor shall furnish to the Trustee such certificates
and opinions as are required in Section 1.2 hereof as if all references therein to the Company were references to the Guarantor.

Section 14.5 Subordination
of Subrogation and Other Rights.

The Guarantor hereby agrees
that any claim of the Guarantor against the Company that arises from the payment, performance or enforcement of the Guarantors
obligations under the Guarantee or this Indenture, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, shall be subject and subordinate
to, and no payment with respect to any such claim of the Guarantor shall be made before, the payment in full in cash of all outstanding
Securities accrued and unpaid interest and all other fees and expenses payable in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Indenture.

58

Section 14.6 Release
of the Guarantor from Guarantee.

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture,
a Guarantee may be released upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.1, Section 13.2 and in this
Section 14.6. Provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing under this Indenture, the Guarantee pursuant
to this Article XIV shall be unconditionally released and discharged (i) automatically upon (A) any sale, exchange or transfer,
whether by way of merger or otherwise, to any Person that is not an affiliate of the Company, of all of the Companys direct or
indirect equity interests in the Guarantor (provided such sale, exchange or transfer is not prohibited by this Indenture) or (B) the
merger of the Guarantor into the Company or the liquidation and dissolution of the Guarantor (in each case to the extent not prohibited
by this Indenture) or (ii) with respect to any series of Securities, upon the occurrence of any other condition set forth in the
supplemental indenture establishing the terms of such series.

Upon receipt of a written request of the Company
accompanied by an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Guarantor is entitled to release from the
Guarantee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee shall deliver such instrument evidencing the release of the
Guarantor from the Guarantee as the Company shall reasonably request.

59

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to
be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

By /s/ Marc E. Binda

Name: Marc E. Binda

Title: Chief Financial Officer

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P.

By: ARE-QRS Corp.,

its General Partner

By /s/ Marc E. Binda

Name: Marc E. Binda

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee

By: /s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 13, 2025

ALEXANDRIA
REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.,

as Issuer,

Alexandria
Real Estate Equities, L.P.

as Guarantor,

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE NO. 1

$550,000,000

5.50% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

Contents

Clause Page

Article I RELATION TO BASE INDENTURE 2

Section 1.1. Relation to Base Indenture 2

Article II DEFINITIONS 2

Section 2.1. Definitions 2

Article III THE SERIES OF NOTES 8

Section 3.1. Title of the Securities 8

Section 3.2. Price 8

Section 3.3. Issuance 8

Section 3.4. Limitation on Aggregate Principal Amount 8

Section 3.5. Interest and Interest Rates; Maturity Date of Notes 8

Section 3.6. Method of Payment 9

Section 3.7. Currency 10

Section 3.8. No Sinking Fund 10

Section 3.9. No Conversion or Exchange Rights 10

Section 3.10. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees
and Stockholders 10

Section 3.11. Registered Securities; Global Form 10

Section 3.12. Transfer and Exchange 11

Section 3.13. General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges 14

Article IV REDEMPTION 15

Section 4.1. Optional Redemption 15

Section 4.2. Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes 15

Section 4.3. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption by the Company 16

Article V GUARANTEE 17

Section 5.1. Guarantee 17

Section 5.2. Execution and Delivery of Guarantee 18

Section 5.3. Limitation of Guarantors Liability; Certain
Bankruptcy Events 19

Section 5.4. Application of Certain Terms and Provisions to the
Guarantor 19

Article VI ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 20

Section 6.1. Maintenance of Office or Agency 20

Section 6.2. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 20

Section 6.3. Limitations on Incurrence of Debt 20

Section 6.4. Provision of Financial Reporting Information 22

Article VII DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 23

Section 7.1. Events of Default 23

Section 7.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 24

Section 7.3. Limitation on Suits 25

Section 7.4. Notice of Defaults 25

Article VIII AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 26

Section 8.1. Without Consent of Holders 26

Article IX MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES 27

Section 9.1. Purposes for Which Meetings May Be Called 27

Section 9.2. Call, Notice and Place of Meetings 27

Section 9.3. Persons Entitled to Vote at Meetings 27

Section 9.4. Quorum; Action 28

Section 9.5. Determination of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings 28

Section 9.6. Counting Votes and Recording Action of Meetings 29

Article X MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 29

Section 10.1. Ratification of Indenture 29

Section 10.2. Governing Law 29

Section 10.3. Counterparts 30

Section 10.4. Notices to Holders 30

Section 10.5. Successors and Assigns 30

Section 10.6. Time of the Essence 30

Section 10.7. Rights of Holders Limited 30

Section 10.8. Rights and Duties of Trustee 30

Section 10.9. Notices 31

Section 10.10. Headings, etc. 32

Section 10.11. Conflicts 32

Section 10.12. Trust Indenture Act Controls 32

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO.
1, dated as of February 13, 2025 (this First Supplemental Indenture), among ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.,
a Maryland corporation (the Company), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership (the Guarantor) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee).

R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS, the Company, the
Guarantor and the Trustee have heretofore entered into an Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (the Base Indenture),
providing for the issuance from time to time of unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the Securities)
of the Company in one or more series;

WHEREAS, Section 9.1(6) and
(7) of the Base Indenture provides, among other things, that, without the consent of the Holders of the Securities, one or more indentures
supplemental to the Base Indenture may be entered into (i) to establish the form or terms of Securities of any series or (ii) to
add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Base Indenture in respect of one or more series of Securities; provided that
any such addition, change or elimination shall become effective only when there is no such Security Outstanding;

WHEREAS,
each of the Company and the Guarantor desires to execute this First Supplemental Indenture to establish the form and to provide for the
issuance of a series of the Companys senior notes designated as its 5.50% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes)
in an initial aggregate principal amount of $550,000,000;

WHEREAS, the Guarantor will
guarantee the due and punctual payment of the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes pursuant to Article V of this
First Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board of Directors) has duly adopted resolutions authorizing the Company to create and issue
the Notes and to execute and deliver this First Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of ARE-QRS Corp., as sole general partner of the Guarantor, has duly adopted resolutions authorizing the Guarantor to execute and deliver
this First Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, concurrently with
the execution hereof, the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and has caused its counsel to deliver to
the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel or a reliance letter upon an Opinion of Counsel satisfying the requirements of Sections 1.2, 3.3
and 9.3 of the Base Indenture; and

WHEREAS, all other conditions
and requirements necessary to make this First Supplemental Indenture, when duly executed and delivered, a valid and binding agreement
in accordance with its terms and for the purposes herein expressed, have been performed and fulfilled.

- 1 - 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE
WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration of
the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Company,
the Guarantor and the Trustee agrees as follows:

Article I

RELATION TO BASE INDENTURE

Section 1.1. Relation
to Base Indenture. This First Supplemental Indenture constitutes an integral part of the Base Indenture. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this First Supplemental Indenture, all provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture are expressly and solely for the benefit
of the Holders of the Notes and any such provisions shall not be deemed to apply to any other Securities issued under the Base Indenture
and shall not be deemed to amend, modify or supplement the Base Indenture for any purpose other than with respect to the Notes.

Article II

DEFINITIONS

Section 2.1. Definitions.
For all purposes of this First Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided for or unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Base Indenture;

(b) all
references herein to Articles and Sections, unless otherwise specified, refer to the corresponding Articles and Sections of this First
Supplemental Indenture; and

(c) as
used herein the following terms have the following meanings:

Acquired Debt
means Debt of a person (1) existing at the time such person becomes a Subsidiary or (2) assumed in connection with the acquisition
of assets from such person, in each case, other than Debt incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such person becoming a
Subsidiary or such acquisition. Acquired Debt shall be deemed to be incurred on the date of the related acquisition of assets from any
person or the date the acquired person becomes a Subsidiary.

Additional Notes
means additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under the Indenture in accordance with Section 3.4 hereof, as part of
the same series as the Initial Notes.

Applicable Procedures
means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the
Depository, Euroclear and Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange.

- 2 - 

Bankruptcy Law
means title 11, U.S. Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors.

Benefited Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 hereof.

Clearstream
means Clearstream Banking, S.A.

Confidential Datasite
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4 hereof.

Consolidated EBITDA
means, for any period of time, the net income (loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP for such period, before deductions for (without duplication):

(1) Interest Expense;

(2) taxes;

(3) depreciation and amortization (including depreciation and amortization with respect to interests in joint
ventures and partially owned entity investments), amortization of deferred charges, and all other non-cash items, as determined reasonably
and in good faith by the Company;

(4) impairments, prepayment penalties and all costs or fees incurred in connection with any debt financing
or amendment thereto, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or similar transaction (regardless of whether such transaction is completed);

(5) extraordinary items, the effect of any charge resulting from a change in accounting principles in determining
net income (loss), non-recurring items or other unusual items, as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Company;

(6) noncontrolling interests;

(7) amounts related to swap ineffectiveness or attributable to transactions involving derivative instruments
that do not qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with GAAP; and

(8) gains or losses on dispositions of real estate investments or property valuation losses.

For purposes of calculating
Consolidated EBITDA, GAAP is not applicable with respect to the determination of all non-cash and non-recurring items which shall be determined
reasonably and in good faith by the Company.

- 3 - 

Debt
means any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries indebtedness, whether or not contingent, in respect of (without duplication)
(1) borrowed money evidenced by bonds, notes (including the Notes and all other outstanding senior unsecured notes of the Company),
debentures or similar instruments, (2) obligations secured by any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, encumbrance or any security interest
existing on property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, but only to the extent of the lesser of (a) the amount of obligations
so secured and (b) the fair market value (determined in good faith by the board of directors of such person (as evidenced by an Officers
Certificate to the Trustee) or, in the case of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, by the Board of Directors (as evidenced by
an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee)) of the property subject to such mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, encumbrance
or security interest, (3) the reimbursement obligations, contingent or otherwise, in connection with any letters of credit actually
issued or amounts representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or services, except any such balance
that constitutes an accrued expense or trade payable, or all conditional sale obligations or obligations under any title retention agreement,
or (4) any lease of property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as lessee which is reflected on the Companys consolidated
balance sheet as a capitalized lease (finance lease) in accordance with GAAP; but only to the extent, in the case of items of indebtedness
under (1) through (3) above, that any such items (other than letters of credit) would appear as a liability on the Companys
consolidated balance sheet in accordance with GAAP. The term Debt also includes, to the extent not otherwise included, any
obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise (other than for purposes
of collection in the ordinary course of business or for the purposes of guaranteeing the payment of all amounts due and owing pursuant
to leases to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are a party and have assigned its or their interest, provided that such
assignee of the Company or its Subsidiary is not in default of any amounts due and owing under such leases), Debt of another person (other
than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) (it being understood that Debt shall be deemed to be incurred by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries whenever the Company or such Subsidiary shall create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable in respect thereof).

Default
means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Interest
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6 hereof.

Definitive Note
means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 3.13 hereof, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereof except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note legend and shall not have the Schedule
of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.

Depository
means, with respect to the Notes, The Depository Trust Company and any successor thereto.

Dollars
and $ means the currency of the United States of America.

Euroclear
means Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 hereof.

- 4 - 

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time; provided that if, as of
a particular date as of which compliance with the covenants contained in this Indenture is being determined, there have been changes in
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America from those that applied to the Companys consolidated financial
statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company may, in its sole discretion,
determine compliance with the covenants contained in this Indenture using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America as in effect as of the end of any calendar quarter selected by the Company, in the Companys sole discretion, that is
on or after December 31, 2024 and prior to the date as of which compliance with the covenants in this Indenture is being determined
(Fixed GAAP), and, solely for purposes of calculating the covenants as of such date, GAAP shall mean
Fixed GAAP.

Global Note
means, individually and collectively, each of the Notes in the form established pursuant to Section 3.11 issued to the Depository
or its nominee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A.

Guarantee Obligations
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 hereof.

Indenture
means the Base Indenture, as supplemented, amended or restated, from time to time, including pursuant to this First Supplemental Indenture.

Indirect Participant
means a person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

Initial
Notes means the first $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under this First Supplemental Indenture
on the date hereof.

Initial Original
Principal Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4 hereof.

Intercompany Debt
means Debt to which the only parties are any of the Company, the Guarantor and any Subsidiary of the Company or the Guarantor; provided,
however, that with respect to any such Debt of which the Company or the Guarantor is the borrower, such Debt is subordinate
in right of payment to the Notes.

Interest
Expense means, for any period of time, the aggregate amount of interest expense determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP for such period by the Company and its Subsidiaries, but excluding (i) interest reserves funded from the proceeds
of any loan, (ii) prepayment penalties, (iii) amortization of deferred financing costs, and (iv) swap ineffectiveness charges
or charges attributable to transactions involving derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with GAAP.

Interest Payment
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5 hereof.

- 5 - 

Make-Whole
Amount means, in connection with any optional redemption of the Notes, the excess, if any, as determined by the Company, of:

(1) the aggregate present value as of the date of such redemption of each dollar of principal being redeemed
or paid and the amount of interest (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) that would have been payable in respect of
such principal amount through July 1, 2035 as if such redemption or accelerated payment had not been made, determined by discounting,
on a semi-annual basis, such principal and interest at the Reinvestment Rate (determined by the Company on the third Business Day preceding
the date a notice of redemption is given) from the respective dates on which such principal and interest would have been payable (or,
in the case of accrued interest as of July 1, 2035, from such date) as if such redemption or payment had not been made, over

(2) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being redeemed or paid.

The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate
or verify the Companys calculations of the Make-Whole Amount.

Maturity Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5 hereof.

Notes
has the meaning specified in the third whereas clause hereof. The Initial Notes and the Additional Notes shall be treated as a single
class for all purposes under the Indenture, and unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include the Initial
Notes and any Additional Notes.

Officer
means the Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer (or any Co-Chief Executive Officer), the Chief Financial Officer, the President
(or any Co-President), any Vice-President, the Treasurer, the Secretary, any Assistant Treasurer or any Assistant Secretary of the Company.

Participant
means, with respect to the Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream, a person who has an account with the Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream,
respectively.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus, dated February 1, 2024, included as part of a registration statement on Form S-3 under Securities
Act, filed by the Company with the Commission on February 1, 2024 (File No. 333-276803), as supplemented by a prospectus supplement,
dated January 30, 2025, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act.

Record Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5 hereof.

Redemption Date
means, with respect to any Note or portion thereof to be redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.1 hereof, the date
fixed for such redemption in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.1 hereof.

Redemption Price
has the meaning specified in Section 4.1 hereof.

Reinvestment
Rate means 0.20% plus the weekly yield for the most recent week set forth in the most recent Statistical Release for
the constant maturity U.S. Treasury security (rounded to the nearest month) corresponding to the remaining life to maturity (assuming,
for the purposes of this definition, that the Notes mature on July 1, 2035), as of the payment date of the principal being redeemed
or paid. If no maturity exactly corresponds to such maturity, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such
maturity shall be calculated pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence and the Reinvestment Rate shall be interpolated or extrapolated
from such yields on a straight-line basis, rounding in each of such relevant periods to the nearest month. For the purpose of calculating
the Reinvestment Rate, the most recent Statistical Release published prior to the date of determination of the Make-Whole Amount shall
be used. If the format or content of the Statistical Release changes in a manner that precludes determination of the yield in
the above manner, then the yield will be determined in the manner that most closely approximates the above manner, as the Company reasonably
determines.

- 6 - 

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as in effect from time to time.

Significant Subsidiary
means each Subsidiary that is a significant subsidiary, if any, of the Company, as such term is defined in Regulation S-X
under the Securities Act.

Statistical
Release means that statistical release designated H.15 or any successor publication that is published
weekly by the Federal Reserve System and that establishes annual yields on actively traded U.S. government securities adjusted to constant
maturities, or, if such statistical release is not published at the time of any determination under the Indenture, then such other reasonably
comparable index the Company designates. If the format or content of the Statistical Release changes in a manner that precludes determination
of the Treasury yield in the above manner, then the Treasury yield shall be determined in the manner that most closely approximates the
above manner, as reasonably determined by the Company.

Total Assets
as of any date means the sum of (1) the Companys and all of its Subsidiaries Undepreciated Real Estate Assets and (2) all
of the Companys and all of its Subsidiaries other assets determined in accordance with GAAP (but excluding accounts receivable
and acquisition intangibles, including goodwill).

Undepreciated Real
Estate Assets as of any date means the cost (original cost plus capital improvements) of the Companys and its Subsidiaries
real estate assets on such date, before depreciation and amortization determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Unencumbered Total
Asset Value as of any date means the sum of (1) those Undepreciated Real Estate Assets not encumbered by any mortgage,
lien, charge, pledge or security interest and (2) all of the Companys and its Subsidiaries other assets on a consolidated
basis determined in accordance with GAAP (but excluding accounts receivable and acquisition intangibles, including goodwill), in each
case which are unencumbered by any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or security interest; provided, however, that in
determining Unencumbered Total Asset Value for purposes of this First Supplemental Indenture, all investments by the Company and any of
its Subsidiaries in unconsolidated joint ventures, unconsolidated limited partnerships, unconsolidated limited liability companies and
other unconsolidated entities accounted for financial reporting purposes using the equity method of accounting in accordance with GAAP
shall be excluded from Unencumbered Total Asset Value.

- 7 - 

Article III

THE SERIES OF NOTES

Section 3.1. Title
of the Securities. There shall be a series of Securities designated the 5.50% Senior Notes due 2035.

Section 3.2. Price.
The Initial Notes shall be issued at a public offering price of 99.733% of the principal amount thereof, other than any offering discounts
pursuant to the initial offering and resale of the Notes.

Section 3.3. Issuance.
The Notes will be issued only in fully registered, book-entry form, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. The registered Holder of a Note will be treated as its owner for all purposes.

Section 3.4. Limitation
on Aggregate Principal Amount. The aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall initially be limited to $550,000,000 (the Initial
Original Principal Amount). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of
the Notes, by Board Resolutions or indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture from time to time may increase the principal amount of
the Notes by issuing Additional Notes in the future on the same terms and conditions as the Initial Notes except for any difference in
the date of issuance, issue price, the initial interest payment date and interest accrued prior to the issue date of the Additional Notes,
and with the same CUSIP number as the Initial Notes so long as such Additional Notes are fungible for U.S. income tax purposes with the
Initial Notes (as determined by the Company). Except as provided in this Section 3.4, any such Board Resolutions or indentures supplemental
to the Base Indenture and Sections 2.1 and 3.1 of the Base Indenture, the Company shall not execute and the Trustee shall not authenticate
or deliver Notes in excess of the Initial Original Principal Amount.

Nothing contained in this
Section 3.4 or elsewhere in this First Supplemental Indenture, or in the Notes, is intended to or shall limit execution by the Company
or authentication or delivery by the Trustee of the Notes under the circumstances contemplated in Sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.6 and 11.7
of the Base Indenture.

Section 3.5. Interest
and Interest Rates; Maturity Date of Notes. The Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.50% per annum from February 13, 2025
or from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually in
arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2025 (each, an Interest Payment Date),
to the person in whose name such Note is registered at the close of business on the March 15 or September 15 (whether
or not a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date (each, a Record Date).
Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months.

If any Interest Payment Date,
Maturity Date or Redemption Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day
as if it were made on the date such payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after
such Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or Redemption Date, as the case may be.

- 8 - 

The Notes will mature on October 1,
2035 (the Maturity Date).

Section 3.6. Method
of Payment. The Company covenants and agrees that it will duly and punctually pay or cause to be paid when due the principal of (including
the Redemption Price upon redemption pursuant to Article IV hereof, if applicable), and interest on each of the Securities at the
places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Securities; provided that the Company may withhold
from payments of interest and upon redemption pursuant to Article IV hereof, if applicable, maturity or otherwise, any amounts the
Company is required to withhold by law. Interest shall be payable at the office of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes,
which shall initially be an office or agency of the Trustee. The Company shall pay interest (i) on any Notes in certificated form
by check mailed to the address of the person entitled thereto as it appears in the register; provided, however, that
a Holder of any Notes in certificated form in the aggregate principal amount of more than $2.0 million may specify by written notice
to the Company that it pay interest by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder in such notice,
or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depository or its nominee. Any interest
on any Note which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any April 1 or October 1 (herein called Defaulted
Interest) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder registered as such on the relevant Record Date, and such Defaulted
Interest shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (a) or (b) below:

(a) The
Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time, on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the following manner.
The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the
proposed payment (which shall be not less than twenty-five (25) calendar days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice), and
at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of monies equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of
such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed
payment, such monies when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the persons entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this
clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more
than fifteen (15) calendar days and not less than ten (10) calendar days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not
less than ten (10) calendar days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company shall promptly
notify the Trustee of such special record date and, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed
payment of such Defaulted Interest and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder at its address as it appears in
the register, not less than ten (10) calendar days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted
Interest and the special record date therefor having been so mailed, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the persons in whose names
the Notes are registered at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to
the following clause (b) of this Section 3.6.

- 9 - 

(b) The
Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities
exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required
by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant
to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

Section 3.7. Currency.
Principal and interest on the Notes shall be payable in Dollars.

Section 3.8. No
Sinking Fund. The provisions of Article XII of the Base Indenture shall not be applicable to the Notes.

Section 3.9. No
Conversion or Exchange Rights. The Notes will not be convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock of the Company.

Section 3.10. No
Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No director, officer, employee or stockholder (past or present)
of the Company or the Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any of the Companys or the Guarantors obligations
under the Notes, the Guarantee or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.
Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration
for issuance of the Notes.

Section 3.11. Registered
Securities; Global Form. The Notes will be issued in the form of one or more fully-registered Global Notes in book-entry form, which
will be deposited with, or on behalf of, the Depository. The Notes shall not be issuable in Definitive Notes except as provided in Section 3.12
of this First Supplemental Indenture. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit A hereto. The Company shall execute each Global Note and each Definitive Note, if any. The Trustee shall, in
accordance with Section 3.3 of the Base Indenture, authenticate and hold each Global Note as custodian for the Depository, and authenticate
each Definitive Note, if any. Each Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and each shall
provide that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate
principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges
and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount
of outstanding Notes represented thereby will be made by the Trustee or a custodian at the direction of the Trustee. The terms and provisions
contained in the form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of the Indenture
and, to the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, expressly
agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.

- 10 - 

Section 3.12. Transfer
and Exchange.

(a) Transfer
and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depository to a nominee of the Depository,
by a nominee of the Depository to the Depository or to another nominee of the Depository, or by the Depository or any such nominee to
a successor Depository or a nominee of such successor Depository. All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes
if:

(i) the
Company delivers to the Trustee notice from the Depository that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depository or that it
is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and, in either case, a successor Depository is not appointed by the Company within ninety (90) days after the date of such notice from
the Depository; or

(ii) the
Company in its sole discretion determines that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part) should be exchanged for Definitive Notes and
delivers a written notice to such effect to the Trustee.

Upon the occurrence of either
of the preceding events in (i) or (ii) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued in such names as the Depository shall instruct
the Trustee. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 3.4 and 3.6 of the Base
Indenture. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this
Section 3.12 or Sections 3.4 and 3.6 of the Base Indenture, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be,
a Global Note. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 3.12(a), however, beneficial
interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 3.12(c) or (d) hereof.

(b) Legend.
Any Global Note issued under this First Supplemental Indenture shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE
DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF,
AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS
MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.12 OF THE FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED
IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.12 OF THE FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE
DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.9 OF THE BASE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE
TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY.

- 11 - 

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN
WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE
OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY
SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS
AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR
SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH
OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

(c) Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will
be effected through the Depository, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Transfers of beneficial
interests in the Global Notes will require compliance with either subparagraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable:

(i) Transfer
of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Global Note may be transferred to persons who take delivery
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to
the Security Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 3.12(c)(i).

(ii) All
Other Transfers of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers of beneficial interests that are not subject
to Section 3.12(c)(i) above, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Security Registrar both:

(A) a
written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depository in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing
the Depository to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest
to be transferred or exchanged; and

(B) instructions
given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase.

Upon satisfaction of all of
the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in the Indenture and the Notes or otherwise
applicable under the Securities Act, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to Section 3.12(g) hereof.

- 12 - 

(d) Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes for Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note
proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a person who takes delivery
thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3.12(c)(ii) hereof
and receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee will cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly
pursuant to Section 3.12(g) hereof, and the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate and deliver to the person
designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial
interest pursuant to this Section 3.12(d) will be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations
as the holder of such beneficial interest requests through instructions to the Security Registrar from or through the Depository and the
Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee will deliver such Definitive Notes to the persons in whose names such Notes are so registered.

(e) Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. A Holder of a Definitive Note may exchange such Note for
a beneficial interest in a Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
interest in a Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a written request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee will cancel the
applicable Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the Global Notes.

If any such exchange or transfer
from a Definitive Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to the previous paragraph at a time when a Global Note has not yet
been issued, the Company will issue and, upon receipt of a Company Order in accordance with Section 3.12 hereof, the Trustee will
authenticate one or more Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

(f) Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance
with the provisions of this Section 3.12(f), the Security Registrar will register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior
to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder will present or surrender to the Security Registrar the Definitive
Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Security Registrar duly executed by
such Holder or by his attorney, duly authorized in writing. A Holder of Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a person who takes
delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a written request to register such a transfer, the Security Registrar
shall register the Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

(g) Cancellation
and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive
Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note will be returned
to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation,
if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery thereof in the form of
a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note will
be reduced accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depository at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note will be increased accordingly and an endorsement
will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depository at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

- 13 - 

Section 3.13. General
Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(a) To
permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive
Notes upon receipt of a Company Order in accordance with Section 3.12 hereof.

(b) No
service charge will be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge
payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant
to Sections 3.4 and 9.6 of the Base Indenture).

(c) The
Security Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part,
except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

(d) All
Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes will be the
valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture, as the Global Notes
or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(e) Neither
the Security Registrar nor the Company will be required:

(i) to
issue or register the transfer or exchange of any Note during a period beginning at the opening of business fifteen (15) days before any
selection of Notes for redemption under Article IV hereof and ending at the close of business on the earliest date on which the relevant
notice of redemption is deemed to have been given to all Holders of Notes to be so redeemed; or

(ii) to
register the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any
Note being redeemed in part; or

(iii) to
register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a Record Date and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

(f) Prior
to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee and the Company may deem and treat the person in whose
name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and interest on such
Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee or the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

- 14 - 

(g) The
Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.3 of the Base Indenture.

(h) All
certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Security Registrar pursuant to this Article III
to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile.

Article IV

REDEMPTION

The provisions of Article XI
of the Base Indenture, as amended by the provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes.

Section 4.1. Optional
Redemption.

(a) At
any time before July 1, 2035, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Notes at its option and in its sole discretion, in whole
or from time to time in part. The redemption price (Redemption Price) shall be equal to the sum of (1) the
principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, (2) accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and
(3) the Make-Whole Amount, if any (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due
on the relevant Interest Payment Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Redemption Price for any redemption of the Notes on or after
July 1, 2035 shall be equal to the sum of (1) the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed and (2) accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

(b) The
Company shall not redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 4.1(a) hereof on any date if the principal amount of the Notes has been
accelerated, and such an acceleration has not been rescinded or cured on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration
resulting from a default by the Company in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to the Notes to be redeemed).

Section 4.2. Notice
of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes. In case the Company shall desire to exercise the right to redeem all or, as the case may
be, any part of the Notes pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof, it shall fix a date for redemption and it or, at its written request received
by the Trustee not fewer than five (5) Business Days prior (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee) to
the date the notice of redemption is to be delivered, the Trustee in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall deliver or cause
to be delivered a notice of such redemption not fewer than ten (10) calendar days nor more than sixty (60) calendar days prior
to the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes so to be redeemed in whole or in part at its last address as the same appears on the register;
provided that if the Company makes such request of the Trustee, it shall, together with such request, also give written notice
of the Redemption Date to the Trustee; provided further that the text of the notice shall be prepared by the Company. The notice,
if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives
such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption
as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. Any such notice of redemption
may, in the Companys sole discretion, be conditioned on the occurrence of one or more events, facts and circumstances.

- 15 - 

Each such notice of redemption
shall specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be redeemed, (ii) the CUSIP number or numbers, if any, of the
Notes being redeemed, (iii) the Redemption Date (which shall be a Business Day), (iv) the Redemption Price at which Notes are
to be redeemed, (v) the place or places of payment and that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of such Notes and
(vi) that interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the Redemption Date will be paid as specified in said notice, and that,
unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, on and after said date interest thereon or on the portion thereof
to be redeemed will cease to accrue. If fewer than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall identify the Notes
to be redeemed (including CUSIP numbers, if any). In case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption shall state
the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and shall state that, on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such
Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued.

Whenever any Notes are to
be redeemed, the Company will give the Trustee written notice of the Redemption Date as to the aggregate principal amount of Notes to
be redeemed not fewer than ten (10) calendar days prior to the Redemption Date.

On or prior to the Redemption
Date specified in the notice of redemption given as provided in this Section 4.2, the Company will deposit with the Paying Agent
an amount of monies in immediately available funds sufficient to redeem on the Redemption Date all the Notes (or portions thereof) so
called for redemption at the appropriate Redemption Price; provided that if such payment is made on the Redemption Date, it must
be received by the Paying Agent, by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date.

If less than all of the outstanding
Notes are to be redeemed, the Trustee shall select the Notes or portions thereof of the Global Note or the Notes in certificated form
to be redeemed (in principal amounts of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof), on a pro rata basis or such other
method the Trustee deems fair and appropriate or is required by the Depository. The Notes (or portions thereof) so selected for redemption
shall be deemed duly selected for redemption for all purposes hereof.

Section 4.3. Payment
of Notes Called for Redemption by the Company. If notice of redemption has been given as provided in Section 4.2 hereof, the
Notes or portion of Notes with respect to which such notice has been given shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at
the place or places stated in such notice at the Redemption Price, and unless the Company shall default in the payment of such Notes at
the Redemption Price, so long as the Paying Agent holds funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed on the
Redemption Date, then (a) such Notes will cease to be outstanding on and after the Redemption Date, (b) interest on the Notes
or portion of Notes so called for redemption shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date, (c) on and after the Redemption
Date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price), such Notes will cease to be entitled to any benefit or
security under this Indenture, and (d) the Holders of the Notes shall have no right in respect of such Notes except the right to
receive the Redemption Price thereof. On presentation and surrender of such Notes at a place of payment in said notice specified, the
said Notes or the specified portions thereof shall be paid and redeemed by the Company at the Redemption Price.

- 16 - 

Upon presentation of any Note
redeemed in part only, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery to the Holder thereof,
at the expense of the Company, a new Note or Notes, of authorized denominations, in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of
the Notes so presented.

Article V

GUARANTEE

This Article V shall
replace Article XIV of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

Section 5.1. Guarantee.
By its execution hereof, the Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that the Notes shall be entitled to the benefits of a Guarantee. Accordingly,
subject to the provisions of this Article V, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated
and delivered by the Trustee or its successor or assign, and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns that: (i) the principal
of (including the Redemption Price upon redemption pursuant to Article IV hereof), premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the
Notes shall be duly and punctually paid in full when due, whether at the Maturity Date, upon acceleration, upon redemption or otherwise,
and interest on overdue principal, premium, if any, and (to the extent permitted by law) interest on any interest, if any, on the Notes
and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or under the Notes (including fees, expenses or other)
shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof; and (ii) in case of any extension of time of
payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, the same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance
with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at the Maturity Date, by acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, subject,
however, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, to the limitations set forth in this Article V (collectively,
the Guarantee Obligations).

- 17 - 

Subject to the provisions
of this Article V, the Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity,
regularity or enforceability of the Notes or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any
Holder of the Notes with respect to any thereof, the entry of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any
other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of the Guarantor. The Guarantor hereby waives
and relinquishes: (a) any right to require the Trustee, the Holders or the Company (each, a Benefited Party)
to proceed against the Company or any other person or to proceed against or exhaust any security held by a Benefited Party at any time
or to pursue any other remedy in any secured partys power before proceeding against the Guarantor; (b) any defense that may
arise by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority, death or disability of any other person or persons or the failure of a Benefited
Party to file or enforce a claim against the estate (in administration, bankruptcy or any other proceeding) of any other person or persons;
(c) demand, protest and notice of any kind (except as expressly required by the Indenture), including but not limited to notice of
the existence, creation or incurring of any new or additional indebtedness or obligation or of any action or non-action on the part of
the Guarantor, any Benefited Party, any creditor of the Guarantor or the Company or on the part of any other person whomsoever in connection
with any obligations the performance of which are hereby guaranteed; (d) any defense based upon an election of remedies by a Benefited
Party, including but not limited to an election to proceed against the Guarantor for reimbursement; (e) any defense based upon any
statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more
burdensome than that of the principal; (f) any defense arising because of a Benefited Partys election, in any proceeding instituted
under the Bankruptcy Law, of the application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Law; and (g) any defense based on
any borrowing or grant of a security interest under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Law. The Guarantor hereby covenants that, except
as otherwise provided therein, the Guarantee shall not be discharged except by payment in full of all Guarantee Obligations, including,
but not limited to, the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes and all other costs provided for under the Indenture.

If any Holder or the Trustee
is required by any court or otherwise to return to either the Company or the Guarantor, or any trustee or similar official acting in relation
to either the Company or the Guarantor, any amount paid by the Company or the Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder, the Guarantee,
to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. The Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled
to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any Guarantee Obligations hereby until payment in full of all such
obligations guaranteed hereby. The Guarantor agrees that, as between it, on the one hand, and the Holders of Notes and the Trustee, on
the other hand, (x) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article V of the Base
Indenture for the purposes hereof, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of
the Guarantee Obligations, and (y) in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article V of the Base
Indenture, such Guarantee Obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantor for the
purpose of the Guarantee.

Section 5.2. Execution
and Delivery of Guarantee.

(a) To
evidence the Guarantee set forth in Section 5.1 hereof, the Guarantor agrees that a Notation of Guarantee substantially in the form
included in Exhibit B hereto shall be endorsed on each Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and that this First Supplemental
Indenture shall be executed on behalf of the Guarantor by an Officer of the sole general partner of the Guarantor.

(b) The
Guarantor agrees that the Guarantee set forth in this Article V shall remain in full force and effect and apply to all the Notes
notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of the Guarantee.

- 18 - 

(c) If
an Officer whose facsimile signature is on a Note or a notation of Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates
the Note on which the Guarantee is endorsed, the Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless.

(d) The
delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth
in this First Supplemental Indenture on behalf of the Guarantor.

Section 5.3. Limitation
of Guarantors Liability; Certain Bankruptcy Events.

(a) The
Guarantor, and by its acceptance hereof each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee Obligations
of the Guarantor pursuant to its Guarantee not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any Bankruptcy Law, the
Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law. To effectuate the foregoing
intention, the Holders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the Guarantee Obligations of the Guarantor under this Article V
shall be limited to the maximum amount as shall, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of the Guarantor, result
in the Guarantee Obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

(b) The
Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees, to the fullest extent that it may do so under applicable law, that in the event of the insolvency,
bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company, the Guarantor shall not file (or join in any filing of), or otherwise
seek to participate in the filing of, any motion or request seeking to stay or to prohibit (even temporarily) execution on the Guarantee
and hereby waives and agrees not to take the benefit of any such stay of execution, whether under Section 362 or 105 of the Bankruptcy
Law or otherwise.

Section 5.4. Application
of Certain Terms and Provisions to the Guarantor.

(a) For
purposes of any provision of the Indenture which provides for the delivery by the Guarantor of an Officers Certificate and/or an
Opinion of Counsel, the definitions of such terms in Section 2.1 hereof shall apply to the Guarantor as if references therein to
the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, were references to the Guarantor; provided that, in the case of any Officers Certificate
delivered by the Guarantor, the definition of the term Officer shall be deemed to include the general partner of the Guarantor.

(b) Upon
any demand, request or application by the Guarantor to the Trustee to take any action under the Indenture, the Guarantor shall furnish
to the Trustee such certificates and opinions as are required in Section 1.2 of the Base Indenture, as if all references therein
to the Company were references to the Guarantor.

- 19 - 

Article VI

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

The following additional covenants
shall apply with respect to the Notes so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding.

Section 6.1. Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain an office or agency in the United States where the Notes may be surrendered for registration
of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or redemption and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect
of the Notes and the Indenture may be served. As of the date of the Indenture, such office shall be the Corporate Trust Office and, at
any other time, at such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Company. The Company will give prompt
written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency not designated or appointed by
the Trustee. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee
with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office; provided
that the Corporate Trust Office shall not be an office for service of legal process on the Company or any Guarantor.

The Company may also from
time to time designate co-registrars and one or more offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all
such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such
designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

The Company hereby initially
designates the Trustee as Paying Agent and Security Registrar and the Corporate Trust Office shall be considered as one such office or
agency of the Company for each of the aforesaid purposes.

Section 6.2. Appointments
to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee,
will appoint, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as provided in Section 6.11 of the Base Indenture, a Trustee, so that there
shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder.

Section 6.3. Limitations
on Incurrence of Debt.

(a) The
Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur any Debt, other than Intercompany Debt and guarantees of Debt
incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in compliance with this Indenture, if, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of
such Debt and the application of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all of the Companys and its Subsidiaries
outstanding Debt on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with GAAP is greater than 60% of the sum of (without duplication) (1) Total
Assets as of the end of the calendar quarter covered in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
as the case may be, most recently filed with the Commission (or, if such filing is not permitted under the Exchange Act, with the Trustee)
prior to the incurrence of such additional Debt and (2) the purchase price of any real estate assets or mortgages receivable acquired,
and the amount of any securities offering proceeds received (to the extent such proceeds were not used to acquire real estate assets or
mortgages receivable or used to reduce Debt), by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the end of such calendar quarter, including
those proceeds obtained in connection with the incurrence of such additional Debt.

- 20 - 

(b) The
Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur any Debt, other than Intercompany Debt and guarantees of Debt
incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in compliance with this Indenture, secured by any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge, encumbrance
or security interest of any kind upon any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries property if, immediately after giving
effect to the incurrence of such Debt and the application of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all of the Companys
and its Subsidiaries outstanding Debt on a consolidated basis which is secured by any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge, encumbrance
or security interest on the Companys or its Subsidiaries property is greater than 40% of the sum of (without duplication)
(1) Total Assets as of the end of the calendar quarter covered in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, as the case may be, most recently filed with the Commission (or, if such filing is not permitted under the Exchange
Act, with the Trustee) prior to the incurrence of such additional Debt and (2) the purchase price of any real estate assets or mortgages
receivable acquired, and the amount of any securities offering proceeds received (to the extent such proceeds were not used to acquire
real estate assets or mortgages receivable or used to reduce Debt), by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the end of such calendar
quarter, including those proceeds obtained in connection with the incurrence of such additional Debt; provided that for purposes
of this limitation, the amount of obligations under capital leases shown as a liability on the Companys consolidated balance sheet
shall be deducted from Debt and from Total Assets.

(c) The
Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur any Debt, other than Intercompany Debt and guarantees of Debt
by the Company or its Subsidiaries in compliance with this Indenture, if the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Interest Expense for the
four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended prior to the date on which such additional Debt is to be incurred shall have been
less than 1.5 to 1.0, on an unaudited pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such additional Debt and to the application
of the proceeds therefrom, and calculated on the assumption that: (1) such Debt and any other Debt incurred by the Company and its
Subsidiaries since the first day of such four-quarter period and the application of the proceeds therefrom, including to refinance other
Debt, had occurred at the beginning of such period (except that, in making such computation, the amount of Debt under any revolving credit
facility and commercial paper program shall be computed based on the average daily balance of such Debt during such period); (2) the
repayment or retirement of any other Debt by the Company and its Subsidiaries since the first day of such four-quarter period had been
repaid or retired at the beginning of such period (except that, in making such computation, the amount of Debt under any revolving credit
facility and commercial paper program shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Debt during such period); (3) in
the case of Acquired Debt or Debt incurred in connection with any acquisition since the first day of such four-quarter period, the related
acquisition had occurred as of the first day of such period, with the appropriate adjustments with respect to such acquisition being included
in such unaudited pro forma calculation; and (4) in the case of any acquisition or disposition by the Company or its Subsidiaries
of any asset or group of assets or other placement of any assets in service or removal of any assets from service by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries since the first day of such four-quarter period, whether by merger, stock purchase or sale, or asset purchase or sale,
such acquisition, disposition, placement in service or removal from service, or any related repayment of Debt had occurred as of the first
day of such period, with the appropriate adjustments with respect to such acquisition, disposition, placement in service or removal from
service, being included in such unaudited pro forma calculation and determined reasonably and in good faith by the Company. If the Debt
giving rise to the need to make the foregoing calculation or any other Debt incurred after the first day of the relevant four-quarter
period bears interest at a floating rate then, for purposes of calculating the Interest Expense, the interest rate on such Debt shall
be computed on a pro forma basis as if the average interest rate which would have been in effect during the entire such four-quarter period
had been the applicable rate for the entire such period.

- 21 - 

(d) The
Company, together with its Subsidiaries, will at all times maintain an Unencumbered Total Asset Value in an amount not less than 150%
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all the Companys and its Subsidiaries unsecured Debt, taken as a whole.

(e) The
Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies
against such risks and in such amounts as is customarily maintained by persons engaged in similar businesses or as may be required by
applicable law.

Section 6.4. Provision
of Financial Reporting Information. For so long as the Notes are outstanding, if at any time the Company is not subject to the periodic
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for any reason, the Company shall, at its option, (i) post on a publicly available website,
(ii) post on IntraLinks or any comparable password protected online data system requiring user identification and a confidentiality
acknowledgement (any such data system, a Confidential Datasite), or (iii) deliver to the Trustee and the Holders
of the Notes, in each case within 15 days of the filing date that would be applicable to a non-accelerated filer at that time pursuant
to applicable SEC rules and regulations, the quarterly and audited annual financial statements and accompanying Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that would have been required to be contained in annual
reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, respectively, had the Company been subject to such Exchange Act reporting
requirements. The Trustee shall have no obligation to determine whether or not such reports, information, statements or documents have
been filed, posted or delivered. Delivery of such reports, information, statements and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes
only, and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable
from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under the Indenture. If the Company
elects to furnish such reports via a Confidential Datasite, access to the Confidential Datasite will be provided upon request to the Holders
and the beneficial owners of and bona fide potential investors in the Notes.

- 22 - 

Article VII

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Sections 7.1, 7.2, 7.3
and 7.4 hereof shall replace Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.7, and 6.2 respectively, of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

Section 7.1. Events
of Default.

Event of Default,
wherever used herein or in the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes, means any one of the following events:

(a) default
in the payment of any interest on the Notes when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of that default for a period of thirty (30)
days (unless the entire amount of the payment is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent prior to the expiration
of such 30-day period);

(b) default
in the payment of principal of, premium on or Redemption Price due with respect to, the Notes when the same become due and payable;

(c) failure
to pay any Debt of the Company, the Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary in an outstanding principal amount in excess of $50,000,000
at final maturity or upon acceleration after the expiration of any applicable grace period, which Debt is not discharged, or such default
in payment or acceleration is not cured or rescinded, within sixty (60) calendar days after written notice to the Company from the Trustee
(or to the Company and the Trustee from Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding);

(d) except
as permitted by the Indenture and the Notes, the Guarantee by the Guarantor shall cease to be in full force and effect or the Guarantor
shall deny or disaffirm its obligations with respect thereto;

(e) default
in the performance or breach of any other covenant or warranty by the Company or the Guarantor in the Indenture (other than a covenant
or warranty that has been included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than the Notes), which
default continues uncured for a period of ninety (90) calendar days after the Company receives written notice from the Trustee or the
Company and the Trustee receive written notice from the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding;
and

(f) the
Company, the Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or under or within meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(i) commences
a voluntary case or proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant
Subsidiary or its debts or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company,
the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of the property of the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary;
or

- 23 - 

(ii) consents
to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced
against the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary; or

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially of its property; or

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or

(v) generally
is unable to pay its debts as the same become due, or

(g) an
involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company, the Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or
other similar official of the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of the property of the Company,
the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period
of sixty (60) calendar days; or

(h) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that

(i) is
for relief against the Company, the Guarantor or any of Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding;

(ii) appoints
a Custodian of the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of the property of the Company, the Guarantor
or a Significant Subsidiary; or

(iii) orders
the liquidation of the Company, the Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary; and, in each case in this clause (h), the order or decree
remains unstayed and in effect for sixty (60) calendar days.

The term Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section 7.2. Acceleration
of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing
(other than an Event of Default referred to in Section 7.1 (f), (g) or (h) hereof), then in every such case the Trustee
or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the
Trustee if given by the Holders), declare to be due and payable immediately the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
on all of the Notes, and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1 (f), (g) or (h) hereof shall
occur, the principal amount (or specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Notes will automatically
become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder of outstanding
Notes.

- 24 - 

At any time after a declaration
of acceleration with respect to Notes has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by
the Trustee, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee,
may rescind and annul such declaration and the acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal
and interest, if any, with respect to the Notes, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13 of the Base Indenture. No
such rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent
thereon.

Section 7.3. Limitation
on Suits. No Holder of the Notes shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the Indenture
or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy under the Indenture, unless:

(a) such
Holder has previously given to the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Notes;

(b) the
Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings
in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder,

(c) such
Holder or Holders have offered, and, if requested, provided to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs,
expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request;

(d) the
Trustee for sixty (60) days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding;
and

(e) no
direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of at least 25%
in principal amount of the outstanding Notes.

Section 7.4. Notice
of Defaults. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Notes and if it is actually known to a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee will send to Holders of Notes a notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default, unless such default shall have been cured or waived. Except
in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, the Trustee may withhold
the notice if and so long as a Responsible Officer determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes.

- 25 - 

Article VIII

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

Section 8.1 hereof shall
replace Section 9.1 of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

Section 8.1. Without
Consent of Holders. The Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors, the Guarantor and the Trustee may,
from time to time, and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental without the consent of the Holders of the Notes
hereto for one or more of the following purposes:

(a) to
cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the Indenture; provided that this action shall not adversely affect the interests
of the Holders of the Notes in any material respect, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company;

(b) to
evidence a successor to the Company as obligor or to the Guarantor as guarantor in accordance with Section 8.4 of the Base Indenture;

(c) to
make any change that does not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of any Notes then outstanding;

(d) to
provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in the Indenture;

(e) to
provide for the acceptance of appointment of a successor Trustee or facilitate the administration of the trusts under the Indenture by
more than one Trustee;

(f) to
comply with the requirements of the Commission in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture
Act;

(g) to
reflect the release of the Guarantor as guarantor, in accordance with the Indenture;

(h) to
secure the Notes;

(i) to
add guarantors with respect to the Notes; and

(j) to
conform the text of the Indenture, any Guarantee or the Notes to any provision of the description thereof set forth in the Prospectus
to the extent that such provision in the Prospectus was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture, such Guarantee
or the Notes (as certified in an Officers Certificate).

- 26 - 

Upon the written request of
the Company, accompanied by a copy of the resolutions of each of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of the
sole general partner of the Guarantor authorizing the execution of any supplemental indenture and the delivery of the documents required
by Section 9.3 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company and the Guarantor in the execution
of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained and to accept
the conveyance, transfer and assignment of any property thereunder, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion,
enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise.

Any supplemental indenture
authorized by the provisions of this Section 8.1 may be executed by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee without the consent
of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 9.2 of the Base Indenture.

Article IX

MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES

Section 9.1. Purposes
for Which Meetings May Be Called. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to this Article IX
to make, give or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act provided by the Indenture to
be made, given or taken by Holders.

Section 9.2. Call,
Notice and Place of Meetings.

(a) The
Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders for any purpose specified in Section 9.1 hereof, to be held at such time and at
such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and
in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting, shall be given, in the manner provided in Section 1.6 of the Base
Indenture, not less than twenty-one (21) nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

(b) In
case at any time the Company, the Guarantor or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes shall have requested
the Trustee to call a meeting of the Holders for any purpose specified in Section 9.1 hereof, by written request setting forth in
reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have mailed notice of or made the first publication
of the notice of such meeting within twenty-one (21) days after receipt of such request or shall not thereafter proceed to cause the meeting
to be held as provided herein, then the Company, the Guarantor, if applicable, or the Holders in the amount above specified, as the case
may be, may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting for such purposes by giving notice thereof as
provided in clause (a) of this Section.

Section 9.3. Persons
Entitled to Vote at Meetings. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders, a person shall be (1) a Holder of one or more
outstanding Notes, or (2) a person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy for a Holder or Holders of one or more outstanding
Notes by such Holder or Holders; provided, that none of the Company, any other obligor upon the Notes or any Affiliate of
the Company shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders or be counted for purposes of determining a quorum at any such meeting
in respect of any Notes owned by such persons. The only persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders
shall be the persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel, any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel, any representatives
of the Guarantor and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

- 27 - 

Section 9.4. Quorum;
Action. The persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes shall constitute a quorum for a meeting
of Holders; provided, however, that if any action is to be taken at the meeting with respect to a consent or waiver
which may be given by the Holders of not less than a specified percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, the persons holding
or representing the specified percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes will constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum
within thirty (30) minutes after the time appointed for any such meeting, the meeting shall, if convened at the request of Holders,
be dissolved. In any other case the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than ten (10) days as determined by the chairman
of the meeting prior to the adjournment of such meeting. In the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, such adjourned meeting
may be further adjourned for a period of not less than ten (10) days as determined by the chairman of the meeting prior to the adjournment
of such adjourned meeting. Notice of the reconvening of any adjourned meeting shall be given as provided in Section 9.2 hereof, except
that such notice need be given only once not less than five (5) days prior to the date on which the meeting is scheduled to be reconvened.
Notice of the reconvening of an adjourned meeting shall state expressly the percentage, as provided above, of the principal amount of
the outstanding Notes which shall constitute a quorum.

Except as limited by Section 9.2
of the Base Indenture, any resolution presented to a meeting or adjourned meeting duly reconvened at which a quorum is present as aforesaid
may be adopted only by the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes; provided,
however, that, except as limited by Section 9.2 of the Base Indenture, any resolution with respect to any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action which the Indenture expressly provides may be made, given or
taken by the Holders of a specified percentage, which is less than a majority, in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may be adopted
at a meeting or an adjourned meeting duly reconvened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid by the affirmative vote of the Holders
of such specified percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes.

Any resolution passed or decision
taken at any meeting of Holders duly held in accordance with this Section 9.4 shall be binding on all the Holders, whether or not
such Holders were present or represented at the meeting.

Section 9.5. Determination
of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of the Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders
in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors
of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning
the conduct of the meeting as it shall deem appropriate.

- 28 - 

(b) The
Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by
the Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.2(b) hereof, in which case the Company, the Guarantor or the Holders calling
the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of
the meeting shall be elected by vote of the persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such series
represented at the meeting.

(c) At
any meeting, each Holder or proxy shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented
by him; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged
as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to
vote, except as a Holder or proxy.

(d) Any
meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to Section 9.2 hereof at which a quorum is present may be adjourned from time to time by
persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting; and the meeting may be held
as so adjourned without further notice.

Section 9.6. Counting
Votes and Recording Action of Meetings. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballots
on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the principal amounts and serial numbers
of the outstanding Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two (2) inspectors of votes
who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting
their verified written reports in triplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record, at least in triplicate, of the proceedings of
each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports
of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more persons having knowledge of the facts setting
forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was given as provided in Section 9.2 hereof and, if applicable,
Section 9.4 hereof. Each copy shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting
and one (1) such copy shall be delivered to the Company and the Guarantor, and another to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee,
the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of
the matters therein stated.

Article X

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 10.1. Ratification
of Indenture. Except as expressly modified or amended hereby, the Indenture continues in full force and effect and is in all respects
confirmed and preserved.

Section 10.2. Governing
Law. This First Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This
First Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed
by such provisions.

- 29 - 

Section 10.3. Counterparts.
This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this First Supplemental
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this First
Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of an original of this First Supplemental Indenture and signature
pages for all purposes.

Section 10.4. Notices
to Holders. Except as otherwise provided in the Indenture, notices to Holders of the Notes will be given by mail to the addresses
of Holders of the Notes as they appear in the Note register; provided that notices given to Holders holding Notes in book-entry
form may be given electronically through the facilities of the Depository or any successor depository.

Section 10.5. Successors
and Assigns. This First Supplemental Indenture shall be binding upon the Company and each Guarantor, and their respective successors
and assigns and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the Trustee and the Holders.

Section 10.6. Time
of the Essence. Time is of the essence with regard to the Companys and the Guarantors performance of their respective
obligations hereunder.

Section 10.7. Rights
of Holders Limited. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the rights of Holders with respect to this First Supplemental
Indenture and the Guarantee shall be limited in the manner and to the extent the rights of Holders are limited under the Indenture with
respect to the Indenture and the Securities.

Section 10.8. Rights
and Duties of Trustee. The rights and duties of the Trustee shall be determined by the express provisions of the Base Indenture and,
except as expressly set forth in this First Supplemental Indenture, nothing in this First Supplemental Indenture shall in any way modify
or otherwise affect the Trustees rights and duties thereunder. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty, express or implied,
as to the validity of this First Supplemental Indenture and, except insofar as relates to the validity hereof with respect to the Trustee
specifically, the Trustee shall not be liable in connection therewith. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty, express or implied,
as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in any offering or disclosure document related to the sale of the Notes,
except for such information that specifically pertains to the Trustee itself, or any information incorporated therein by reference as
it relates specifically to the Trustee. If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or any other obligor upon
the Notes), excluding any creditor relationship listed in Trust Indenture Act Section 311(b), the Trustee shall be subject to the
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding the collection of claims against the Company (or any such other obligor). If the Trustee
has or shall acquire a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest
or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and the Indenture.

- 30 - 

Section 10.9. Notices.
Any notice or communication by the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee made pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture or the Notes
shall be in writing, including facsimile and email, and delivered in person, delivered by commercial courier service or mailed by first-class
mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

if to the Company or the Guarantor:

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

26 North Euclid Avenue

Pasadena, California 91101

Attention: General Counsel

Telephone: (626) 578-0777

Facsimile: (626) 578-0770

if to the Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

Corporate Trust Office

633 West Fifth Street, 24th Floor

Los Angeles, CA 90071

Attention: B. Scarbrough (Alexandria Real Estate Equities)

Any notice or communication
by the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee to the Company or the Guarantor, or by a Holder of the Notes to the Company or the Guarantor,
shall be deemed given or made as of the date delivered if delivered in the manner provided above. Notwithstanding any other provision
herein, any notice or communication to the Trustee shall only be deemed delivered upon receipt.

The Company, the Guarantor
or the Trustee by written notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any communication sent to
Trustee under this Indenture that requires a signature must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital
signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by an authorized representative
of the Company). The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of its use of digital signatures and electronic methods to submit
communications to Trustee, including the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties.

Any notice or communication delivered or to be
delivered to a Holder of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance with the Applicable Procedures of the Depository and shall be deemed
to be duly sent or given in writing if so delivered within the time prescribed. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture
or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise),
such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depository (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depository
or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with the Depositorys Applicable Procedures.

- 31 - 

Any notice or communication
to a Holder of the Notes shall be delivered to his address shown on the register kept by the Security Registrar. Failure to mail a notice
or communication to a Holder of the Notes or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders of the Notes
or any other series of Securities.

If a notice or communication
is delivered in the manner provided above, within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the Holder receives it. If a notice
or communication is delivered in person, by courier or by facsimile transmission (with confirmation of receipt) within the time prescribed,
it is duly given.

If the Company or the Guarantor
mails a notice or communication to Holders, it shall mail a copy to the Trustee at the same time.

Section 10.10. Headings, etc.
The headings of the Articles and Sections of this First Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are
not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 10.11. Conflicts.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this First Supplemental Indenture and the terms of the Indenture, the terms of this
First Supplemental Indenture shall control.

Section 10.12. Trust
Indenture Act Controls. If any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies, or conflicts with another provision
that is required or deemed to be included in this First Supplemental Indenture by the Trust Indenture Act, such required or deemed provision
shall control.

- 32 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized, all as
of the day and year first written above.

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.,

as Issuer

By: /s/ Marc E. Binda

Name: Marc E. Binda

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P.,

as Guarantor

By: ARE-QRS Corp.,

its General Partner

By: /s/ Marc E. Binda

Name: Marc E. Binda

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

U.S. BANK
TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL 

ASSOCIATION,

as
Trustee

By: /s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY
THE DEPOSITORY (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS
HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (1) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON
AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.12 OF THE FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (2) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED
IN WHOLE OR IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.12 OF THE FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (3) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED
TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.9 OF THE BASE INDENTURE AND (4) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED
TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY.

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED
IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A
NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY
OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS
AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR
SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH
OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

A-1

ALEXANDRIA
REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

5.50% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

No. []

CUSIP No.: 015271BE8

ISIN: US015271BE86

$[]

Alexandria
Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor
entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or its
registered assigns, the principal sum of [] DOLLARS ($[]), or such lesser amount as is set forth in the Schedule
of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note on the other side of this Note, on October 1, 2035 at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as
at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private debts, and to pay interest, semi-annually on April 1
and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2025, on said principal sum at said office or agency, in like coin or currency,
at the rate per annum of 5.50%, from the April 1 or October 1, as the case may be, next preceding the date of this Note to which
interest has been paid or duly provided for, unless no interest has been paid or duly provided for on the Notes, in which case from February 13,
2025 until payment of said principal sum has been made or duly provided for. The Company shall pay interest to Holders of record of the
Notes on the March 15 or September 15 (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable April 1 or October 1
interest payment date, respectively, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. The Company shall pay interest on any Notes in certificated
form by check mailed to the address of the person entitled thereto as it appears in the register; provided, however, that
a Holder of any Notes in certificated form in the aggregate principal amount of more than $2.0 million may specify by written notice to
the Company that it pay interest by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder in such notice,
or on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depository or its nominee.

The Company promises to pay
interest on overdue principal, premium, if any, and (to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law)
interest at the rate of 1.0% per annum above the rate borne by the Notes.

Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof and the Indenture governing this Note. Such further provisions shall for all purposes
have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Note shall not be valid
or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or
a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed.

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

By: 

Name: Marc E. Binda

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

A-3

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes described in the within-named
Indenture.

Dated: February 13, 2025

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-4

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE]

ALEXANDRIA
REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

5.50% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company, designated as its 5.50% Senior Notes due 2035 (herein called
the Notes), issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (herein called the Base
Indenture), among the Company, the Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (herein called the
Trustee), as supplemented by the Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of February 13, 2025 (herein called
the First Supplemental Indenture, and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), to
which Indenture and any indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights,
obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company, the Guarantor and the Holders of the Notes. Capitalized terms
used but not otherwise defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. In the event of any
conflict between the terms of this Note and the terms of the Indenture, the terms of the Indenture control.

If an Event of Default (other
than an Event of Default specified in Sections 7.1(f), 7.1(g) and 7.1(h) of the First Supplemental Indenture) occurs and
is continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all Notes may be declared to be due and payable by
either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and, upon said declaration
the same shall be immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Sections 7.1(f), 7.1(g) and 7.1(h) of
the First Supplemental Indenture occurs, the principal of and premium, if any, and interest accrued and unpaid on all the Notes shall
be immediately and automatically due and payable without necessity of further action.

The Indenture contains provisions
permitting the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, to execute supplemental indentures adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or
eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders
of the Notes, subject to exceptions set forth in Section 9.2 of the Base Indenture. Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the
Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may, on behalf of the Holders of
all of the Notes, waive any past Default or Event of Default, subject to exceptions set forth in the Indenture.

No reference herein to the
Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall impair, as among the Company and the Holder of the Notes, the obligation
of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, on and interest on this Note at the place,
at the respective times, at the rate and in the coin or currency prescribed herein and in the Indenture.

Interest on the Notes shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

A-5

The Notes are issuable in
fully registered book-entry form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.
At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the
Indenture, without payment of any service charge but with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax, assessment or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration or exchange of Notes, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal
amount of Notes of any other authorized denominations.

The Company shall have the
right to redeem the Notes under certain circumstances as set forth in Article IV of the First Supplemental Indenture.

The Notes are not subject
to redemption through the operation of any sinking fund.

Except as expressly provided
in Article V of the First Supplemental Indenture, no recourse for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on this
Note, or for any claim based hereon or otherwise in respect hereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement
of the Company in the Indenture or any supplemental indenture or in any Note, or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented
thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, limited partner, member, manager, employee, agent, officer, director or subsidiary,
as such, past, present or future, of the Guarantor, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries or of any successor thereto,
either directly or through the Guarantor, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries or of any successor thereto, whether
by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being
expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as consideration for, the
execution of the Indenture and the issue of this Note.

A-6

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

(I) or (we) 

assign and

transfer this 

Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

and

irrevocably

appoint 

to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date:

Your

Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face
of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable
to the Trustee).

A-7

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL
NOTE

The following exchanges of
a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note
or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of
decrease in

principal amount at 

maturity of this Global 

Note 

Amount of
increase in

principal amount at 

maturity of this Global 

Note 

Principal
amount at

maturity of this Global 

Note following such

decrease (or increase) 

Signature
of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Custodian

A-8

EXHIBIT B

NOTATION OF GUARANTEE

The
Guarantor listed below (hereinafter referred to as the Guarantor, which term includes any successors or assigns under
the Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025, among the Guarantor, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of the date hereof
(the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture)), has
fully, unconditionally and absolutely guaranteed on a senior basis the Guarantee Obligations (as defined in Section 5.1 of the First
Supplemental Indenture), which include (i) the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest, if any,
on the 5.50% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes) to which this notation is affixed, whether at maturity, by
acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, the due and punctual payment of interest on the overdue principal and premium, if any,
and (to the extent permitted by law) interest on any interest on the Notes, and the due and punctual performance of all other obligations
of the Company, to the Holders of the Notes or the Trustee all in accordance with the terms set forth in Article V of the First Supplemental
Indenture, and (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any such other obligations, that the same
shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at maturity, by
acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

The obligations of such Guarantor
to the Holders of Notes to which this notation is affixed and to the Trustee pursuant to the Guarantee and the Indenture are expressly
set forth in Article V of the First Supplemental Indenture and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for the precise terms of
the Guarantee.

No past, present or future
director, officer, limited partner, employee, incorporator or stockholder (direct or indirect) of the Guarantor (or any such successor
entity), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee or the Indenture or for any claim
based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.

The Guarantor hereby waives
diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of merger or bankruptcy of the Company, any right
to require a proceeding first against the Company, the benefit of discussion, protest or notice with respect to the Notes and all demands
whatsoever.

This is a continuing Guarantee
and shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding upon the Guarantor and its successors and assigns until full and final
payment of all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and Indenture or until legally discharged in accordance with the Indenture
and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and, in the event of any transfer
or assignment of rights by any Holder of the Notes or the Trustee, the rights and privileges herein conferred upon that party shall automatically
extend to and be vested in such transferee or assignee, all subject to the terms and conditions hereof. This is a Guarantee of payment
and performance and not of collectability.

B-1

This Guarantee shall not be
valid or obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication on the Note upon which this Guarantee is noted shall have
been executed by the Trustee under the Indenture by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers.

The obligations of the Guarantor
under this Guarantee shall be limited to the extent necessary to insure that it does not constitute a fraudulent conveyance under applicable
law. This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

THE TERMS OF ARTICLE V
OF THE FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.

Capitalized terms used herein
have the same meanings given in the Indenture unless otherwise indicated.

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES,
L.P.

By: ARE-QRS Corp., its general partner

Dated:
February 13, 2025 By: 

Name: Marc E.
Binda

Title: Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

February 13, 2025

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

26 North Euclid Avenue

Pasadena, California 91101

Re: Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-276803)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have served as Maryland counsel to Alexandria
Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), in connection with certain matters of Maryland law
arising out of the registration, sale and issuance by the Company of $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.50% Senior Notes due
2035 (the Notes). The Notes are covered by the above-referenced Registration Statement, and all amendments thereto (collectively,
the Registration Statement), filed by the Company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act).

In connection with our representation of the Company,
and as a basis for the opinion hereinafter set forth, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction,
of the following documents (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Documents):

1. The
charter of the Company, certified by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the SDAT);

2. The
Bylaws of the Company, certified as of the date hereof by an officer of the Company;

3. A
certificate of the SDAT as to the good standing of the Company, dated as of a recent date;

4. Resolutions
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, and a duly authorized committee thereof, relating to, among other matters, (a) the
sale and issuance of the Notes and (b) the authorization of the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Indenture
(as defined below), certified as of the date hereof by an officer of the Company;

5. A
certificate executed by an officer of the Company, dated as of the date hereof;

6. The
Registration Statement;

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

February 13, 2025

Page 2

7. The
Prospectus, dated February 1, 2024, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, dated January 30, 2025, filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act;

8. The
Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
Partnership), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented
by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company, the Partnership and the Trustee, relating to the
Notes (together, the Indenture); and

9. Such
other documents and matters as we have deemed necessary or appropriate to express the opinion set forth below, subject to the assumptions,
limitations and qualifications stated herein.

In expressing the opinion set forth below, we have
assumed the following:

1. Each
individual executing any of the Documents, whether on behalf of such individual or another person, is legally competent to do so.

2. Each
individual executing any of the Documents on behalf of a party (other than the Company) is duly authorized to do so.

3. Each
of the parties (other than the Company) executing any of the Documents has duly and validly executed and delivered each of the Documents
to which such party is a signatory, and such partys obligations set forth therein are legal, valid and binding and are enforceable
in accordance with all stated terms.

4. All
Documents submitted to us as originals are authentic. The form and content of all Documents submitted to us as unexecuted drafts do not
differ in any respect relevant to this opinion from the form and content of such Documents as executed and delivered. All Documents submitted
to us as certified or photostatic copies conform to the original documents. All signatures on all Documents are genuine. All public records
reviewed or relied upon by us or on our behalf are true and complete. All representations, warranties, statements and information contained
in the Documents are true and complete. There has been no oral or written modification of or amendment to any of the Documents, and there
has been no waiver of any provision of any of the Documents, by action or omission of the parties or otherwise.

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

February 13, 2025

Page 3

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions,
limitations and qualifications stated herein, it is our opinion that:

1. The
Company is a corporation duly incorporated and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Maryland and is in good standing
with the SDAT.

2. The
execution, delivery and performance of the Indenture have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company. The Notes
have been duly authorized for issuance by the Company.

3. The
Indenture has been duly executed by the Company.

The foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the
State of Maryland and we do not express any opinion herein concerning United States federal law or the laws of any other jurisdiction.
We express no opinion as to the applicability or effect of any federal or state securities laws, including the securities laws of the
State of Maryland, federal or state laws regarding fraudulent transfers or the laws, codes or regulations of any municipality or other
local jurisdiction. To the extent that any matter as to which our opinion is expressed herein would be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Maryland, we do not express any opinion on such matter. The opinion expressed herein is subject to the effect
of judicial decisions which may permit the introduction of parol evidence to modify the terms or the interpretation of agreements.

The opinion expressed herein is limited to the matters
specifically set forth herein and no other opinion shall be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated. We assume no obligation to supplement
this opinion if any applicable law changes after the date hereof or if we become aware of any fact that might change the opinion expressed
herein after the date hereof.

This opinion is being furnished to you for submission
to the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the Notes (the Current Report),
which is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the
Current Report and the said incorporation by reference and to the use of the name of our firm therein. In giving this consent, we do not
admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the 1933 Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Venable LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

707
Wilshire Boulevard

Suite 6000

Los Angeles

California 90017-3543

TELEPHONE:
213.892.5200

FACSIMILE:
213.892.5454

www.mofo.com 

morrison &
foerster llp

amsterdam,
austin, berlin, boston, brussels, denver, hong kong, london, los angeles, miami, new york, palo alto, san diego, san francisco, shanghai,
singapore, tokyo, washington, d.c.

February 13, 2025

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

26 North Euclid Avenue

Pasadena, California 91101

Re: Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

$550,000,000 5.50% Senior Notes Due 2035

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Alexandria Real Estate
Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company
of $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.50% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes) issued
pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated January 30, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), by and between
the Company and Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Guarantor), as guarantor,
on the one hand, and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC and RBC Capital. Markets, LLC, as representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule A thereto, on the other hand.
The Notes have been issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (the Base Indenture), by
and among the Company, the Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee),
as supplemented by Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of February 13, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture
and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), by and among the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee.
The payment of principal and interest on the Notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture
(the Guarantee). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings
assigned to them in the Underwriting Agreement.

The Company filed a Registration Statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-276803) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the proposed offer and sale of an unspecified
amount of certain types of the Companys securities, including the Notes and the Guarantee.

In connection with this opinion, we have examined
originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the Indenture, the Guarantee and a specimen of the Notes.
In addition, we have examined certain corporate records, documents, instruments and certificates of public officials and of the Company
and the Guarantor, and we have made such inquiries of officers of the Company and the Guarantor and public officials and considered such
questions of law as we have deemed necessary for purposes of rendering the opinions set forth herein.

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

February 13, 2025

Page 2

The opinions hereinafter expressed are subject to the following qualifications
and exceptions:

(i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium
or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, including,
without limitation, laws relating to fraudulent transfers or conveyances, preferences and
equitable subordination;

(ii) limitations imposed by general principles of equity upon the availability
of equitable remedies or the enforcement of provisions of any securities, and the effect
of judicial decisions which have held that certain provisions are unenforceable where their
enforcement would violate the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or would be
commercially unreasonable, or where their breach is not material; and

(iii) our opinion is based upon current statutes, rules, regulations, cases
and official interpretive opinions, and it covers certain items that are not directly or
definitively addressed by such authorities.

In connection with this opinion, we have assumed
the genuineness of all signatures and the authenticity of all items submitted to us as originals and the conformity with originals of
all items submitted to us as copies. In making our examination of documents executed by parties other than the Company and the Guarantor,
we have assumed that each other party has the power and authority to execute and deliver, and to perform and observe the provisions of,
such documents and has duly authorized, executed and delivered such documents, and that such documents constitute the legal, valid and
binding obligations of each such party. With respect to the opinions expressed in paragraphs 1 and 2 below, we have relied
upon the opinion of Venable LLP, dated February 13, 2025.

Based upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the
opinion that:

1. The Notes have been duly authorized for issuance, offer and sale pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement and, when executed and delivered by the Company and duly authenticated
by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, and issued and delivered pursuant to the
provision of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture against payment of consideration
therefor, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company entitled to
the benefits provided by the Indenture, enforceable in accordance with their terms.

2. The Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor and, when the Notes
are executed, issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered
and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute
a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

February 13, 2025

Page 3

We do not express any opinion herein concerning
any law other than the State of New York, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the federal laws of the United States
of America as in effect on the date hereof.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
letter as Exhibit 5.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about
February 13, 2025, which will be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, and to the reference to us under the caption
Legal Matters in the Prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not hereby
admit that we are acting within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules or
regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ MORRISON & FOERSTER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex8-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 8.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 8.1

12531 High Bluff Drive

Suite 100

San Diego

California 92130-2040

TELEPHONE: 858.720.5100

FACSIMILE: 858.720.5125

www.mofo.com 

morrison & foerster
llp

austin, beijing, berlin, boston,

brussels, denver, hong kong,

london, los angeles, miami,

new york, palo alto, san diego,

san francisco, shanghai, singapore,

tokyo, washington, d.c.

February 13, 2025

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

26 North Euclid Avenue

Pasadena, California 91101

Re: Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

Status as a Real Estate Investment Trust;

Information in Prospectus under Heading

Federal Income Tax Considerations

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Alexandria Real Estate
Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), in connection with the sale and issuance by the
Company of $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.50% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Notes
are the subject of (i) a registration statement filed on Form S-3 (as amended, the Registration Statement)
by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the
Securities Act) on February 1, 2024, (ii) a prospectus dated February 1, 2024, (the Base
Prospectus), (iii) a preliminary prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus dated January 30, 2025 (such prospectus
supplement, together with the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus), and (iv) a final prospectus
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated February 13, 2025, (such prospectus supplement together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

You have requested our opinion as to certain federal
income tax matters regarding the Company. Although you may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the federal
tax treatment and federal tax structure of the Company and all materials of any kind that were provided to you by us relating to such
tax treatment and tax structure, this opinion is intended solely for your benefit in connection with the offering of the Shares. You may
not authorize any other person or entity to rely on this opinion, or otherwise make this opinion available for the benefit of any other
person or entity, without our prior written consent.

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

February 13, 2025

Page Two

In our capacity as counsel to the Company and for
purposes of rendering this opinion, we have examined and relied upon the following, with your consent: (i) the Registration Statement,
(ii) the Prospectus, (iii) a certificate executed by duly appointed officers of the Company (the Officers
Certificate) setting forth certain factual representations, dated February 13, 2025, and (iv) such other documents
as we have considered relevant to our analysis. We have also examined the opinions, including officers certificates and exhibits
related thereto (the Supporting Documents), of Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, dated February 28,
2002, June 29, 2004, March 31, 2005, September 23, 2005, June 20, 2006, June 23, 2006, September 29, 2006,
January 17, 2007 and January 23, 2007, with respect to the qualification of the Company as a real estate investment trust (REIT)
for its taxable year ended December 31, 1996, and all subsequent taxable years ending on or before December 31, 2006. In our
examination of such documents, we have assumed the authenticity of original documents, the accuracy of copies, the genuineness of signatures,
and the legal capacity of signatories. We have also assumed that all parties to such documents have acted, and will act, in accordance
with the terms of such documents.

Our opinion is based on (a) our understanding
of the facts as represented to us in the Officers Certificate and (b) the assumption that (i) the Company and its subsidiaries
have valid legal existences under the laws of the states in which they were formed and have operated in accordance with the laws of such
states, (ii) the Company is operated, and will continue to be operated, in the manner described in the Officers Certificate,
(iii) the facts contained in the Supporting Documents, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are true and complete in all
material respects, (iv) all representations of fact contained in the Officers Certificate are true and complete in all material
respects and (v) any representation of fact in the Officers Certificate that is made to the knowledge of or
similarly qualified is correct without such qualification. We have not undertaken any independent inquiry into or verification of these
facts either in the course of our representation of the Company or for the purpose of rendering this opinion, including, without limitation,
any investigation as to (i) the proper allocation of lease payments between real property and personal property, or (ii) whether
the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of any tenant of the Company, applying the principles of sections 856(d)(2)(B) and
(d)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). While we have reviewed all representations
made to us to determine their reasonableness, and nothing has come to our attention that would cause us to question the accuracy of such
representations, we have no assurance that they are or will ultimately prove to be accurate.

We note that the tax consequences addressed herein
depend upon the actual occurrence of events in the future, which events may or may not be consistent with any representations made to
us for purposes of this opinion. In particular, the qualification and taxation of the Company as a REIT for federal income tax purposes
depends upon the Companys ability to meet on a continuing basis certain distribution levels, diversity of stock ownership, and
the various qualification tests imposed by the Code. To the extent that the facts differ from those represented to or assumed by us herein,
our opinion should not be relied upon.

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.

February 13, 2025

Page Three

Our opinion herein is based on existing law as
contained in the Code, final and temporary Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative pronouncements of the Internal
Revenue Service (the IRS) and court decisions as of the date hereof. The provisions of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations, IRS administrative pronouncements and case law upon which this opinion is based could be changed at any time, perhaps
with retroactive effect. In addition, some of the issues under existing law that could significantly affect our opinion have not yet been
authoritatively addressed by the IRS or the courts, and our opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts. Hence, there can be no assurance
that the IRS will not challenge, or that the courts will agree with, our conclusions.

Based upon, and subject to, the foregoing and the
next paragraphs below, we are of the opinion that, as of the date hereof:

1. The Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under
the Code for each of its taxable years beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2004 through its taxable year ended December 31,
2024, and its current organization and current and proposed method of operation will enable it to continue to meet the requirements for
qualification and taxation as a REIT for the taxable year ending December 31, 2025 and thereafter.

2. We have reviewed the statements included or incorporated by reference in the Prospectus under the heading Federal Income Tax
Considerations and, insofar as such statements pertain to matters of law or legal conclusions, they are correct in all material
respects.

We undertake no obligation to update this opinion,
or to ascertain after the date hereof whether circumstances occurring after such date may affect the conclusions set forth herein. We
express no opinion as to matters governed by any laws other than the Code, the Treasury Regulations, published administrative announcements
and rulings of the IRS, and court decisions.

This opinion is furnished to you solely for use
in connection with the Registration Statement. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K
of the Company and to such Registration Statement. We also consent to the reference to our firm name wherever appearing in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we come within the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, nor do we thereby admit that we are
experts with respect to any part of the Registration Statement within the meaning of the term experts as used in the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Sincerely, 

/S/ MORRISON & FOERSTER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>are-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>are-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>are-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex5-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_ex8-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 1-12993

Entity Registrant Name ALEXANDRIA
REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001035443

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-4502084

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 26
North Euclid Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Pasadena

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91101

City Area Code 626

Local Phone Number 578-0777

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol ARE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://are.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

are-20250213.xsd 
are-20250213_lab.xml 
are-20250213_pre.xml 
tm256323d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-012974-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm256323d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001035443 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001035443 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC. 
MD 
1-12993 
95-4502084 
26 North Euclid Avenue 
Pasadena 
CA 
91101 
626 
578-0777 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.01 par value per share 
ARE 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>