<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001575872-25-000240.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001575872-25-000240.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310161903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-25-000240
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Advanced Biomed Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001941029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42548
		FILM NUMBER:		25723967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND ST
		STREET 2:		STE 200-A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-21-20510823

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 RYLAND ST
		STREET 2:		STE 200-A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>advb-20250307.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Advanced Biomed Inc. 

false0001941029886600019410292025-03-052025-03-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

March 5, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Advanced Biomed Inc.

(Exact name of Company as specified in its charter)

Nevada

001-42548

87-2177170

(State or other jurisdiction

(Commission File Number)

(IRS Employer

of Incorporation)

Identification Number)

No. 689-85 Xiaodong Road, Yongkang District

Tainan City, Taiwan

(Address of principal executive offices)

886-

6-3121716

(

Registrants telephone number including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Company under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock

ADVB

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 5, 2025, Advanced Biomed Inc. (the 

Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the 

Underwriting Agreement) with Craft Capital Management LLC, as representative of the several underwriters listed on Schedule A to the Underwriting Agreement (the 

Representative), relating to the Companys initial public offering (the 

Offering) of 1,640,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the 

Shares), for a price of $4.00 per share, less certain underwriting discounts and offering expenses. The Company also granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to 246,000 additional shares of common stock of the Company on the same terms and conditions for the purpose of covering any over-allotments in connection with the Offering.

On March 7, 2025, the Company closed the Offering. The Company completed the Offering pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-272110), which was initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 

Commission) on May 22, 2023, as amended, and declared effective by the Commission on February 11, 2025. The Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. The final prospectus relating to the Offering was filed with the Commission on March 6, 2025. The Shares were previously approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced trading under the ticker symbol ADVB on March 6, 2025. 

As compensation for the Representative, the Company issued to the Representative warrants (the Representatives Warrants) to purchase up to 98,400 shares of common stock at $5.00 per share.

The Representatives Warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the four-and-a-half-year period commencing six months following the date of commencement of sales of securities issued in this Offering. 

A copy of the Underwriting Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. A form of the Representatives Warrants is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing summaries of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Representatives Warrants do not purport to be a complete description of the document described in this Form 8-K and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by, such document.

This report does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

On March 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 hereto.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 

Exchange Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to this 

report in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statement and Exhibits.

Exhibit No.

Description

10.1* 

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 5, 2025

4.1* 

Form of Representatives Warrants

99.1** 

Press Release, dated March 6, 2025

99.2** 

Press Release, dated March 7, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Filed herewith.

** 

Furnished herewith.

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Advanced Biomed Inc.

Date: March 

10, 2025

By:

/s/ Yi Lu

Yi Lu

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>advb040_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE SECURITIES UNDERLYING THIS REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT ARE SUBJECT TO A LOCK-UP PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY (180) DAYS BEGINNING ON THE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF SALES OF THE OFFERING PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OF THE COMPANY (FILE NO. 333-272110). THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY (180) DAYS FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE SALE OF THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.001 PER SHARE, PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OF THE COMPANYS SECURITIES (FILE NO. 333-272110) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, OR A REPRESENTATIVE OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH FINRA RULE 5110(E)(2).

THIS REPRESENTATIVESWARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO SEPTEMBER 5, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, MARCH 5, 2030.

FORM OF REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT

FOR THE PURCHASE OF 98,400 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

OF

ADVANCED BIOMED INC.

1. Representatives Warrant. THIS CERTIFIES THAT, pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement by and between ADVANCED BIOMED INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC (the Holder), dated as of March 5, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), the Holder, as registered owner of this Purchase Warrant, is entitled, at any time and from time to time, during the four and half year period commencing six months from the commencement of sales of the Offering, i.e., from September 5, 2025 (the Exercise Date), to March 5, 2030 (the Expiration Date), at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase, and receive, in whole or in part, up to such number of Common Stock representing six percent (6%) of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering, including any Additional Shares sold upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 6 hereof. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law or executive order to close, then this Representatives Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in accordance with the terms herein. During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees not to take any action that would terminate this Purchase Warrant. This Representatives Warrant is initially exercisable at $5.00 per share of Common Stock (which is equal to one hundred and twenty five percent (125%) of the price of the shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering); provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Representatives Warrant, including the exercise price per share of Common Stock and the number of Common Stock to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The term Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise price as set forth above or the adjusted exercise price as a result of the events set forth in Section 6 below, depending on the context. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Underwriting Agreement.

2. 

Exercise.

2.1. Exercise Form. In order to exercise this Representatives Warrant, the exercise form attached hereto as Exhibit A must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the Company, together with this Representatives Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price for the Common Stock being purchased payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company or by certified check or official bank check to the order of the Company. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date, this Representatives Warrant shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2. Cashless Exercise. At any time after the Exercise Date and in lieu of exercising this Representatives Warrant by payment of cash until the Expiration Date, the Holder may elect to receive the number of Common Stock equal to the value of this Representatives Warrant (or the portion thereof being exercised), by surrender of this Representatives Warrant to the Company, together with the exercise form attached hereto, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder shares of Common Stock in accordance with the following formula:

X 

= 

Y(A-B) 

A 

Where, 

X 

= 

The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder;

Y 

= 

The number of shares of Common Stock for which the Representatives Warrant is being exercised;

A 

= 

The fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock; and

B 

= 

The Exercise Price.

For purposes of this Section 2.2, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock is defined as follows:

(i) 

if the Common Stock are traded on a national securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the closing price on such exchange for the five (5) consecutive trading days ending on the day immediately prior to the exercise form being submitted in connection with the exercise of the Representatives Warrant; or

(ii) 

if the Common Stock are actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the weighted average price of the Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the exercise form being submitted in connection with the exercise of the Representatives Warrant; or

(iii) 

if there is no market for the shares of Common Stock, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors.

2.3. Legend. Each certificate for the securities purchased under this Representatives Warrant shall bear the following legends unless such securities have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or are exempt from registration under the Securities Act:

(i) 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A LOCK-UP PERIOD ENDING ON, AND INCLUDING, THE DATE THAT IS ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY (180) DAYS BEGINNING ON THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE SALES OF THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.001 PER SHARE, PURSUANT TO THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OF THE COMPANYS SECURITIES (FILE NO. 333-272110) AND MAY NOT BE (A) SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED TO ANYONE OTHER THAN CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, OR BONA FIDE OFFICERS OR PARTNERS OF CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, OR (B) CAUSED TO BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF THE SECURITIES HEREUNDER, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN FINRA RULE 5110(E)(2).

(ii) 

Any legend required by the securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the Common Stock represented by a certificate, instrument, or book entry so legended.

2 

2.4 Mechanics of Exercise.

(i) Delivery of Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the shares of Common Stock purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the shares of Common Stock or resale of the shares of Common Stock or (B) this Representatives Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, or otherwise by delivery to the address specified by the Holder in the exercise form by the date that is one (1) trading day after the latest of (A) the delivery to the Company of the exercise form, (B) surrender of this Representatives Warrant (if required), and (C) receipt by the Company of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above (including by cashless exercise, if permitted) (such date, the Share Delivery Date). The shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued, and the Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares of Common Stock for all purposes, as of the date the Representatives Warrant has been exercised and payment to the Company of the aggregate Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) has been received by the Company and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2.4(iv) prior to the issuance of such shares of Common Stock have been paid.

(ii) Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.4(i) by the Share Delivery Date, unless such failure was not caused by the fault or negligence of the Company, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise upon written notice to the Company within one (1) trading day after the Share Delivery Date.

(iii) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Holder has taken all actions necessary under the terms of this Representatives Warrant for such Holder to receive the shares of Common Stock, if the Company fails to cause the transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the shares of Common Stock pursuant to an exercise on or before the Share Delivery Date, unless such failure was not caused by the fault or negligence of the Company, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and any other applicable fees, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Representatives Warrant and equivalent number of shares of Common Stock for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. The Holder shall provide the Company with written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(iv) Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of shares of Common Stock shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such shares of Common Stock shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event shares of Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Representatives Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the form of the Assignment Notice attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for processing of any exercise form to satisfy the required Share Delivery Date.

3 

3. 

Transfer.

3.1. General Restrictions. The registered Holder of this Representatives Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that such Holder will not: (a) sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Representatives Warrant or any of the shares of Common Stock exercisable hereunder for a period ending on, and including, the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days beginning on the commencement of sales of the Offered Securities (the Effective Date) to anyone other than: (i) the Holder or another underwriter or a selected dealer participating in the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner or registered persons or affiliates, of the Representative or of any such underwriter or selected dealer, in each case in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1) and subject to the exceptions set forth in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2), or (b) cause this Representatives Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of this Representatives Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), except as provided for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). On and after the Effective Date, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must deliver to the Company the form of the Assignment Notice attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed and completed, together with this Representatives Warrant and payment of all transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) business days transfer this Representatives Warrant on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new warrant or purchase warrants of like tenor to the appropriate assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Common Stock purchasable hereunder or such portion of such number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

3.2. Restrictions Imposed by the Securities Act. The securities evidenced by this Representatives Warrant shall not be transferred unless and until: (i) the Company has received the opinion of counsel for the Company that such securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company, (ii) a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale of such securities that has been declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and includes a current prospectus, or (iii) a registration statement, pursuant to which the Holder has exercised its registration rights pursuant to Sections 4.1 and 4.2 herein, relating to the offer and sale of such securities has been filed and declared effective by the Commission and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

4. 

Registration Rights.

4.1. Demand Registration.

4.1.1 Grant of Right. Unless all of the Warrant Shares are included in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus or a qualified offering statement with a current registration statement, the Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder, agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares that are permitted to be registered under the Securities Act. On such occasion, the Company will file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment to the registration statement with the Commission (a Demand Registration Statement) covering such Warrant Shares within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement; or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time during a period of five years beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering.

4 

4.1.2 Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the Demand Registration Statement pursuant to Section 4.1.1, but the Holder(s) shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holder(s) to represent the Holder(s) in connection with the sale of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees to use its best efforts to cause the filing of a Demand Registration Statement required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Warrant Shares in such states as are reasonably requested by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Warrant Shares in a state in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their Common Stock of the Company. The Holder(s) shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the shares of Common Stock covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder(s) that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.1.2, the Holder(s) shall be entitled to a Demand Registration Statement under this Section 4.1.2 on only one occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C). The Company shall cause any registration statement or post-effective amendment filed pursuant to the demand rights granted under Section 4.1.1to remain effective for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months from the effective date of such registration statement or post-effective amendment or until the Holders have completed the distribution of the Warrant Shares registered under such Registration Statement, whichever occurs first.

4.2. Piggy-Back Registration.

4.2.1 Grant of Right. Unless all of the Warrant Shares are included in an effective registration statement with a current prospectus or a qualified offering statement with a current offering circular, the Holder shall have the right, for a period of five years commencing on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering, to include the remaining Warrant Shares as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-3 or any equivalent form).

4.2.2 Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 4.2.1 hereof, but the Holder(s) shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holder(s) to represent them in connection with the sale of the Warrant Shares. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Warrant Shares with not less than 30 days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holder(s) shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company until such time as all of the Warrant Shares have been registered under an effective registration statement. The holders of the Warrant Shares shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice, within ten days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Representatives Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section 4.2.2. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.2.2, such piggyback registration rights shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D).

4.3. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement and a current prospectus relating to the registration of the Warrant Shares until (i) all Warrant Shares have been disposed of pursuant to such effective registration statement, (ii) all Warrant Shares are sold under circumstances in which all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act are met, or (iii) all Warrant Shares become and remain eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c)(1). During any period when the Company fails to have maintained an effective Registration Statement or a current Prospectus relating thereto and a holder of this Representatives Warrant desires to exercise such warrant and, in the opinion of counsel to the Holder, Rule 144 is not available as an exemption from registration for the resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly file a registration statement registering the resale of such Warrant Shares and use its reasonable best efforts to have it declared effective by the Commission within thirty (30) days.

5 

5. 

New Purchase Warrants to be Issued.

5.1. Partial Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Representatives Warrant may be exercised or assigned in whole or in part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Representatives Warrant for cancellation, together with the duly executed exercise form or assignment notice and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax if exercised pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Representatives Warrant of like tenor to this Representatives Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Common Stock purchasable hereunder as to which this Representatives Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

5.2. Lost Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of this Representatives Warrant and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Representatives Warrant of like tenor and date. Any such new Representatives Warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

6. 

Adjustments.

6.1. Adjustments to Exercise Price and Number of shares of Warrant Shares. The Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock underlying this Representatives Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

6.1.1. Share Dividends, Split Ups. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in Common Stock or by a split up of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective day thereof, the number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding Common Stock, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased.

6.1.2. Aggregation of Shares of Common Stock. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date thereof, the number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased.

6.1.3. Replacement of Common Stock upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Common Stock other than a change covered by Section 6.1.1 or Section 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Common Stock, or in the case of any share reconstruction or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Representatives Warrant shall have the right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Representatives Warrant ) to receive upon the exercise hereof, for the same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of Common Stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation, or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of Warrant Shares of the Company obtainable upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in Common Stock covered by Section 6.1.1 or Section 6.1.2, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Section 6.1.1, Section 6.1.2 and this Section 6.1.3. The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, share reconstructions or amalgamations, or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

6 

6.1.4. Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Representatives Warrant is outstanding, the Company enters into the following transactions with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Common Stock (not including any Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with, the other Persons making or party to such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination): (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any direct or indirect purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spinoff or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Representatives Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional or alternative consideration (the Alternative Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of Common Stock for which this Representatives Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternative Consideration based on the amount of Alternative Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternative Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternative Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternative Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Representatives Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Representatives Warrant, and to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Representatives Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Representatives Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the Exercise Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Representatives Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Furthermore, the foregoing adjustment of Exercise Price in consideration of the Alternative Consideration should be completed prior to the issuance of and reflected in the security of the Successor Entity issued in exchange for this Representatives Warrant. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Representatives Warrant and the other transaction documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of, the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company, under this Representatives Warrant and the other transaction documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

7 

6.1.5. Changes in Form of Representatives Warrant. This Representatives Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section 6.1 and any warrants issued after such change, in exchange or replacement of this Representatives Warrant may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Warrant Shares as are stated in the Representatives Warrant s initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new warrant s reflecting a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the date hereof or the computation thereof.

6.2. Substitute Representatives Warrant. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.1.5, in case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company with or into, another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation which does not result in any reclassification or change of the outstanding Common Stock), the corporation formed by such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Representatives Warrant providing that the holder of the Representatives Warrant then outstanding or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of this Representatives Warrant ) to receive, upon exercise of such supplemental Warrant, the kind and amount of Common Stock and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Common Stock of the Company for which such Representatives Warrant might have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation, sale, or transfer. Such supplemental Representatives Warrant shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in this Section 6. The above provisions of this Section 6 shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or amalgamations.

6.3. Elimination of Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Representatives Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest whole number of Common Stock or other securities, properties, or rights, as applicable.

6.4. Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 6.1.1 above, if at any time during which this Representatives Warrant is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any securities of the Company which by their terms are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock (Share Equivalents) or other rights to purchase shares, warrants, other securities or other property, pro rata to all of the record holders of the shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), and not the Holder, then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Representatives Warrant immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. The provisions of this Section 6.4 will not apply to any grant, issuance or sale of Share Equivalents or other rights to purchase shares, warrants, other securities or other property of the Company which is not made pro rata to all of the record holders of shares of Common Stock.

7. Reservation and Listing. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant, such number of Common Stock or other securities, properties or rights, as applicable, as shall be issuable upon the exercise thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price therefor (either with cash or through cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof), in accordance with the terms hereby, all Common Stock issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights of any shareholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant and payment of the exercise price therefor (either with cash or through cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof), all Common Stock and other securities, as applicable, issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights of any shareholder. As long as this Representatives Warrant shall be outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Warrant Shares and other securities, as applicable, issuable upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant to be listed (subject to official notice of issuance) on all national securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on the OTCQB Market or any successor quotation system) on which the Common Stock issued to the public in the Offering may then be listed and/or quoted (if at all).

8 

8. 

Certain Notice Requirements.

8.1. Holders Right to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or consent or to receive notice as a shareholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company. If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Representatives Warrant and its exercise thereof, any of the events described in Section 8.2 shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written notice to the Holder of such event at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date fixed as a record date, effective date or the date of closing the transfer books (the Notice Date) for the determination of the stockholders entitled to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled to vote on such proposed reclassification, consolidation, merger, compulsory share exchange, dissolution, liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer books, as the case may be along with the proposed effective date of the event triggering such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such information not otherwise publicly available the Company shall deliver to the Holder a copy of each notice given to the other stockholders of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the stockholders stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of any such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the shares Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein or in the provision thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.

8.2. Events Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the following events: (i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend or distribution payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings, as indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company, (ii) the Company shall offer to all the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor, or (iii) if the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the shares of Common Stock are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (iv) a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property, assets and business shall be proposed. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Representatives Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice need be given to the Holder if the Company makes a public announcement of the applicable event via nationally distributed press release or via a publicly available and legally compliant filing with the Commission.

8.3. Notice of Change in Exercise Price; Notice of Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 6 hereof, send notice to the Holder of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall set forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of shares of Common Stock and describe the event causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Company shall, within five (5) business days after receipt by the Company of a written request by the Holder, send notice, in the manner as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, including by email, to the Holder of the Exercise Price then in effect and the number of shares of Common Stock or the amount, if any, of other shares, securities or assets then issuable upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.

9 

8.4. Transmittal of Notices. All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Representatives Warrant shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly made if made in accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement to the addresses and contact information set forth below:

If to the Holder:

Craft Capital Management LLC

377 Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden City, NY, 11530

Attn: Stephen Kiront, COO

Email: skiront@craftcm.com

With a copy to:

Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP

366 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: William S. Rosenstadt, Esq.

Mengyi Jason Ye, Esq.

Email: wsr@orllp.legal; jye@orllp.legal

Phone No.: (212) 588-0022

If to the Company:

689-85 Xiaodong Road, Yongkang District

Tainan, Taiwan

Attn: Yi Lu

Email: []

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

VCL Law LLP

1945 Old Gallows Road

Suite 260

Vienna, VA 22182

Attn: Fang Liu, Esq.

Email: fliu@vcllegal.com

9. 

Miscellaneous.

9.1. Amendments. This Representatives Warrant may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit.

9.2. Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Representatives Warrant.

10 

9.3. Entire Agreement. This Representatives Warrant (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Representatives Warrant ) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4. Successors and Assigns. This Representatives Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Representatives Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

9.5. Binding Effect. This Representatives Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Representatives Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

9.6. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Representatives Warrant shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Representatives Warrant shall be brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 8 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed as personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Representatives Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7. Waiver, etc. The failure of the Company or the Holder to, at any time, enforce any of the provisions of this Representatives Warrant shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Representatives Warrant, any provision hereof, or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Representatives Warrant. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Representatives Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.8. Exchange Agreement. As a condition of the Holders receipt and acceptance of this Representatives Warrant, Holder agrees that, at any time prior to the complete exercise of this Representatives Warrant by Holder, if the Company and the Underwriter enter into an agreement pursuant to which they agree that all outstanding warrant(s) of the Company held by the Representative will be exchanged for securities or cash or a combination of both (such, an Exchange Agreement), then Holder shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.

9.9. Execution in Counterparts. This Representatives Warrant may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission.

11 

9.10. Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Representatives Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Representatives Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Representatives Warrant, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of share, reclassification of share, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Representatives Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Representatives Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant or otherwise) or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

9.11. Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of this Representatives Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

9.12. Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Representatives Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Representatives Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Representatives Warrant.

[Signature Page Follows]

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Representatives Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the fifth day of March, 2025.

ADVANCED BIOMED INC.

By: 

Yi Lu 

Chief Executive Officer 

13 

EXHIBIT A

Exercise Form

Form to be used to exercise Representatives Warrant:

Date: __________, 20___

The undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to exercise the Representatives Warrant for ______ Common Stock of ADVANCED BIOMED INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and hereby makes payment of $____ (at the rate of $____ per share of Common Stock) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Common Stock as to which this Representatives Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Representatives Warrant representing the number of Common Stock for which this Representatives Warrant has not been exercised. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.

or

The undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to convert its right to purchase ___ Common Stock under the Representatives Warrant for ______ Common Stock, as determined in accordance with the following formula:

X 

= 

Y(A-B) 

A 

Where, 

X 

= 

The number of Common Stock to be issued to Holder;

Y 

= 

The number of Common Stock for which the Representatives Warrant is being exercised;

A 

= 

The fair market value of one (1) share of Common Stock which is equal to $_____; and

B 

= 

The Exercise Price which is equal to $______ per share of Common Stock

The undersigned agrees and acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement with respect to the calculation shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion.

Please issue the Common Stock as to which this Representatives Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Representatives Warrant representing the number of Common Stock for which this Representatives Warrant has not been converted.

Craft Capital Management LLC

[Signature]

[Signature Guaranteed]

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

Name:

(Print in Block Letters)

Address:

NOTICE: The signature to this form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Representatives Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership on a registered national securities exchange.

14 

EXHIBIT B

Assignment Notice

Form to be used to assign Representatives Warrant:

(To be executed by the registered Holder to effect a transfer of the within Representatives Warrant):

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, _______________does hereby sell, assign and transfer the Assignee named below all of the rights of the undersigned the right to purchase ______ Common Stock of ADVANCED BIOMED INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), evidenced by the Representatives Warrant and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below.

Name of Assignee 

Address and Phone Number 

No. of Shares

The undersigned also represents that, by assignment hereof, the Assignee acknowledges that this Representatives Warrant and the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof or conversion thereof are being acquired for investment and that the Assignee will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Representatives Warrant or any shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof or conversion thereof except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws. Further, the Assignee has acknowledged that upon exercise of this Representatives Warrant, the Assignee shall, if requested by the Company, confirm in writing, in a form satisfactory to the Company, that the shares of Common Stock so purchased are being acquired for investment and not with a view toward distribution or resale.

Dated: , 20__

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTICE: The signature to this form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within Representatives Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership on a registered national securities exchange. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Representatives Warrant.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>advb040_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ADVANCED BIOMED INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

March 5, 2025

Craft Capital Management LLC

377 Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden City, NY 11530

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Advanced Biomed Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with several underwriters (such underwriters, including the Representative (as defined below), the Underwriters) named on Schedule A hereto for which Craft Capital Management LLC shall act as the representative (in such capacity, the Representative) to issue and sell an aggregate of 1,640,000 shares of common stock (the Firm Shares) of the Company, par value $0.001 (the Common Stock). The Company has also granted to the Representative an option to purchase up to 246,000 additional shares of Common Stock, on the terms and for the purposes set forth in Section 2(c) hereof (the Additional Shares). The Firm Shares and any Additional Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement are herein collectively referred to as the Offered Securities. The offering and sale of the Offered Securities contemplated by this Agreement is referred to herein as the Offering.

The Company confirms its agreement with the Underwriters as follows:

Section 1 Representations and Warranties of the Company.

The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows with the understanding that the same may be relied upon by the Underwriters in this Offering, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (as defined below) and each applicable Option Closing Date (as defined below), if any:

(a) Filing of the Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-272110), which contains a form of prospectus to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of the Offered Securities. Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial statements and the notes thereto, exhibits and schedules contained in the registration statement at the time such registration statement became effective in the form in which it was declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations), and including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, or pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively being the Exchange Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations), is called the Registration Statement. Any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act is called the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, and from and after the date and time of filing of the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the term Registration Statement shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. Such prospectus, in the form first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act after the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto, or, if no filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is required, the form of final prospectus relating to the Offered Securities included in the Registration Statement at the effective date of the Registration Statement (the Effective Date), is called the Prospectus. All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement (each, a preliminary prospectus), the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR). The preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below) is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. Any reference to the most recent preliminary prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest preliminary prospectus included in the registration statement. Any reference herein to any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus or any supplement or amendment to either thereof shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents incorporated by reference therein as of the date of such reference.

(b) Applicable Time means 4:00pm, Eastern Time, on the date of this Agreement.

(c) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations on February 11, 2025. The Company has complied, to the Commissions satisfaction, with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information. No stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission.

Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus when filed complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and, if filed by electronic transmission pursuant to EDGAR (except as may be permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act), was identical in content to the copy thereof delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the Offering, other than with respect to any artwork and graphics that were not filed. Each of the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, and any post-effective amendment to either the Registration Statement or the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, at the time it became effective and at all subsequent times until the expiration of the prospectus delivery period required under Section 4(3) of the Securities Act, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date and at all subsequent times until the Underwriters have completed the Offering, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the two immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment to either the Registration Statement or the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or in the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Underwriters furnished to the Company in writing expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished on behalf of any of the Underwriters consists of (i) the name of the Underwriters contained on the cover page of the Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus and (ii) the sub-sections titled Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Securities Other Relationships and Price Stabilization, Short Positions and Penalty Bids in each case under the caption Underwriting in the Prospectus (the Underwriters Information).There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that have not been fairly and accurately described in all material respects or filed as required.

(d) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Pricing Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, (ii) each issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, identified in Schedule B hereto, (iii) the pricing terms set forth in Schedule C to this Agreement, and (iv) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

(e) Company Not Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) as of the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), without taking account any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer.

(f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. No Issuer Free Writing Prospectus includes any information that conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

(g) Offering Materials Furnished to the Underwriters. The Company has delivered to the Underwriters a copy of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts filed as a part thereof, and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as the Underwriters have reasonably requested in writing.

(h) Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed or authorized the distribution of, and will not distribute, prior to the completion of the Underwriters purchase of the Offered Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities other than a preliminary prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Underwriters, and the Registration Statement.

(i) Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a valid and binding agreement of, the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnification hereunder may be limited by applicable law and except as the enforcement hereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles.

(j) Authorization of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities. The Offered Securities to be sold by the Company through the Underwriters, the Representatives Warrant (as defined below in Section 2(g)) and Common Stock underlying the Representatives Warrant (the Warrant Shares and together with the Representatives Warrants, the Underwriters Securities) have been duly and validly authorized by all required corporate action and have been reserved for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when so issued and delivered by the Company, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens (as defined in Section1(r)). The Company has sufficient Common Stock for the issuance of the maximum number of Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities issuable pursuant to the Offering as described in the Prospectus.

(k) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the final prospectus, there are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any securities of the Company registered for sale under the Registration Statement and included in the Offering.

(l) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package: (i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business prospects or operations, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company (any such change, a Material Adverse Change; and any resulting effect, a Material Adverse Effect); (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, not in the ordinary course of business nor entered into any material transaction or agreement not in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company in respect of its shares of Common Stock.

(m) Independent Accountant. To the Companys knowledge, WWC, P.C. (the Accountant), which has expressed its opinions with respect to the audited financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) of the Company filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

(n) Preparation of the Financial Statements. Each of the historical financial statements of the Company, respectively, filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, presents fairly the information provided as of and at the dates and for the periods indicated. Such financial statements comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto or in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, which are subject to normal year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. Each item of historical financial data relating to the operations, assets or liabilities of the Company set forth in summary form in each of the preliminary prospectuses and the Prospectus fairly presents such information on a basis consistent with that of the complete financial statements contained in the Registration Statement.

(o) Incorporation and Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated or formed and is validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. As of the Closing Date, the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity that is not otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus.

(p) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued, and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon exercise of outstanding options or warrants described in the Disclosure Package and Prospectus, as the case may be). The shares of Common Stock conform, and, when issued and delivered as provided in this Agreement, the Offered Securities will conform, in all material respects, to the description thereof contained in each of the Disclosure Package and Prospectus. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable, and have been issued in compliance with applicable laws. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. The Depository Trust Company (the DTC) has authorized the Common Stock for delivery through its full fast transfer facilities. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any shares of the Company other than those described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The description of the Companys stock option and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options, and rights. No further approval from the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) or authorization of any regulatory authority or governmental body, stockholder, the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors), or others, is required for the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys Common Stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(q) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The Company is not in violation of its amended and restated articles of incorporation or bylaws or in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default) under any indenture, mortgage, loan or credit agreement, note, contract, franchise, lease or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it may be bound (including, without limitation, any agreement or contract filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement or to which any of the property or assets of the Company are subject (each, an Existing Instrument)), except for such Defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in any violation of the provisions of its amended and restated articles of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument and (iii) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation, or administrative or court decree applicable to the Company, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the extent such conflict, breach, Default or violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except the registration or qualification of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities under the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).

(r) Subsidiaries. Each of the Companys direct and indirect subsidiaries (each a Subsidiary and collectively, the Subsidiaries) has been identified on Schedule E hereto. Each of the Subsidiaries has been duly incorporated or organized, is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, has full power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All of the equity interests of each Subsidiary have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, are fully paid in accordance with their respective constitutive or organizational documents and non-assessable and are free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims (Liens). None of the outstanding capital stock or equity interest in any Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of such Subsidiary. All of the constitutive or organizational documents of each of the Subsidiaries comply with the requirements of applicable laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and are in full force and effect. Apart from the Subsidiaries, the Company has no direct or indirect subsidiaries or any other company over which it has direct or indirect effective control. Other than the Subsidiaries, the Company does not directly or indirectly control any entity through contractual arrangements or otherwise such that the entity would be deemed a consolidated affiliated entity whose financial results would be consolidated under U.S. GAAP with the financial results of the Company on the consolidated financial statements of the Company, regardless of whether the Company directly or indirectly owns less than a majority of the equity interests of such person.

(s) No Material Actions or Proceedings. There are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, demands, claims, suits, arbitrations, inquiries or proceedings (collectively, Actions) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened (i) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) which have as the subject thereof any officer or director (in such capacities) of, or property owned or leased by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, where in any such case (A) there is a reasonable possibility that such Action might be determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (B) any such Action, if so determined adversely, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No material labor disputes with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or imminent. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. No executive officer, to the knowledge of the Company, is in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company or any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has within the last ten years been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.

(t) Intellectual Property Rights. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns, possesses or has obtained valid and legally enforceable licenses for, and otherwise has legally enforceable rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, domain names, licenses, approvals and trade secrets (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) necessary to conduct its business as now conducted or, otherwise, as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except to the extent such failure to own, possess or have other rights to use such Intellectual Property would not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (i) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice of infringement or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others; (ii) the Company nor any Subsidiary is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described in all material respects; (iii) none of the technology employed by the Company or any Subsidiary has been obtained or is being used by the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, to the knowledge of the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, in violation of the rights of any persons; and (iv) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to any judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or any governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, or any arbitrator, nor has it entered into nor is it a party to any agreement made in settlement of any pending or threatened litigation, which materially restricts or impairs its use of any Intellectual Property Rights.

(u) All Necessary Permits, etc. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries possesses such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits issued by the applicable regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct its business, and has made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate national, regional, local or other governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or assets or the conduct of their respective business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where lack of the licenses would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such licenses and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Company has no reason to believe that such licenses will not be renewed in the ordinary course of their respective business that, if determined adversely to the Company, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. Such licenses are valid and in full force and effect and contain no materially burdensome restrictions or conditions not described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus.

(v) Title to Properties. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all the properties and assets reflected as owned by it in the financial statements referred to in Section 1(n) above (or elsewhere in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), in each case free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, lien, encumbrance, equity, adverse claim or other defect, except such as do not materially and adversely affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company. The real property, improvements, equipment, and personal property held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(w) Tax Law Compliance. (i) The Company and its Subsidiaries have each filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns required to be filed as of the date of this Agreement or have timely and properly filed requested extensions thereof and have paid all taxes required to be paid by them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them in all material respects; (ii) No tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that has had (nor does the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have any notice or knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company or its Subsidiaries and which could reasonably be expected to have) a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 1(n) above in respect of all federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined; and (iv) all governmental tax credit, exemptions, waivers, financial subsidies, and tax relief, concessions and preferential Treatment enjoyed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and the Prospectus are valid, binding and enforceable and do not violate any laws, regulations, rules, orders, decrees, guidelines, judicial interpretations, notices or other legislation of the applicable jurisdictions, including without limitation, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (Hong Kong) of the Peoples Republic of China (the PRC), and Taiwan.

(x) Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and after giving effect to payment for the Offered Securities and the application of the proceeds as contemplated under the caption Use of Proceeds in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(y) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to, or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities.

(z) FINRA Matters. To the knowledge of the Company, no officer, director or any beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of the Companys unregistered securities has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as defined under FINRA rules). The Company will advise the Representative and its counsel, Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP, if it learns that any officer, director, or owner of ten percent (10%) or more of the Companys outstanding capital stock is or becomes an affiliate or registered person of a Participating Member. All of the information provided to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters by the Company, its counsel, its officers and directors and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire any securities of the Company in connection with the offering of the Offered Shares is true, complete, correct and compliant in all material respects with FINRAs rules.

(aa) Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions, directly or indirectly, involving the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any other person, required to be described in the Registration Statement, or described in the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus, that have not been described as required.

(bb) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. To the extent required ,the Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act Regulations) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Company is not aware of (a) any significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or any material weaknesses in internal controls or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls.

(cc) Companys Accounting System. The Company has established and maintains a system of accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with the applicable generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(dd) Money Laundering Law Compliance. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct business, and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any competent governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(ee) OFAC.

(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee, or affiliate of the Company, of any other person authorized to act on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity of any kind (Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is:

(A) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union (EU), His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor

(B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, Burma/Myanmar, Russia, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria).

(ii) The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary or affiliated entity, joint venture partner or other Person:

(A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; or

(B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(ff) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee or affiliate of the Company, any Subsidiary or any other person authorized to act on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, taken any action that (i) would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or otherwise subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if done in the past, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) if continued in the future, might reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the assets, business, or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The foregoing includes, without limitation, giving or agreeing to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that might subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding.

(gg) Internal Control and Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company is in full compliance with any provision applicable to it of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including, without limitation, Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. and all applicable rules of the listing exchanges. The Company maintains a system of internal controls, including, but not limited to, disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over accounting matters and financial reporting, an internal audit function and legal and regulatory compliance controls that comply with all applicable laws and regulations including without limitation the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission, and the rules of the listing exchanges.

(hh) Exchange Act Filing. A registration statement in respect of the Common Stock has been filed on Form 8-A (the Form 8-A Registration Statement) pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, which registration statement complies in all material respects with the Exchange Act. The Form 8-A Registration Statement is effective and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

(ii) Earning Statements. The Company will make generally available (which includes filings pursuant to the Exchange Act made publicly through the EDGAR system) to its securityholders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than sixteen (16) months after the end of the Companys current fiscal year, an earnings statement (which needs not be audited) covering a twelve (12)-month period that shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Rules and Regulations.

(jj) Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission, all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. Additionally, the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Firm Shares as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act.

(kk) Valid Title. The Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, has legal and valid title to all of its properties and assets, free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances, equities, claims, options and restrictions except such as do not materially and adversely affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by such entity; each lease agreement to which it is a party is duly executed and legally binding; its leasehold interests are set forth in and governed by the terms of the applicable lease agreements, and, to the knowledge of the Company, such agreements are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and the applicable law; and except as described in the Prospectus or the Disclosure Package, none of the Company of any of its Subsidiaries owns, operates, manages or has any other right or interest in any other material real property of any kind.

(ll) Foreign Tax Compliance. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, to the best of our knowledge, no transaction, stamp, capital or other issuance, registration, transaction, transfer or withholding taxes or duties are payable in the PRC, Hong Kong, Taiwan to any PRC, Hong Kong or Taiwanese taxing authority in connection with the issuance, sale and delivery of the Offered Securities, and the delivery of the Offered Securities to or for the account of the Underwriters.

(mm) Compliance with PRC Overseas Investment and Listing Rules and Regulations. Except as otherwise disclosed in Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has complied with the filing procedures as set out in the relevant laws and regulations, including, among others, the Trial Administrative Measures for Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, and has taken reasonable steps to cause the Companys direct or indirect principal stockholders, directors and officers that are, or are directly or indirectly controlled by PRC residents to comply with any applicable rules and regulations of relevant PRC government agencies (including but not limited to the Ministry of Commerce, the National Development and Reform Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) , and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) relating to overseas investment by PRC residents and citizens (all of the foregoing laws, rules, and regulations, collectively, the PRC Overseas Investment and Listing Rules and Regulations), including, without limitation, requiring each such person that is, or is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, a PRC resident or citizen to complete any registration, to timely report material changes, and other procedures required under any applicable PRC Overseas Investment and Listing Rules and Regulations.

(nn) M&A Rules. The Company is aware of and has been advised as to the content of the Rules on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce, the State Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Tax Administration, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce, the CSRC and SAFE on August 8, 2006 and amended on June 22, 2009 (the M&A Rules), in particular, the relevant provisions thereof that purport to require offshore special purpose vehicles formed for the purpose of obtaining a stock exchange listing outside of the PRC and controlled directly or indirectly by companies or natural persons of the PRC, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of their securities on a stock exchange located outside of the PRC; the Company has received legal advice specifically with respect to the M&A Rules from its PRC counsel and based on such legal advice, the Company confirms with the Underwriters:

(i) Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Materials, Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities, the listing and trading of the Offered Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not and will not be, as of the date hereof, at the Closing Date or applicable Option Closing Date, materially affected by the M&A Rules or any official clarifications, guidance, interpretations or implementation rules in connection with or related to the M&A Rules as amended as of the date hereof (collectively, the M&A Rules and Related Clarifications).

(ii) Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Materials, Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as of the date hereof, the M&A Rules and Related Classifications did not and do not require the Company to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the listing and trading of the Offered Securities or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(oo) D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys directors and officers prior to the Offering (the Insiders) as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A provided to the Representative is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate and incorrect.

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to counsel for the Representative shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters set forth therein. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 5 hereof, counsel to the Company, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

(pp) Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of each Closing Date and any applicable Option Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder, the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, are sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from each Closing Date. The Registration Statement and the Prospectus set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(qq) Regulation M Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has, and, to its knowledge, no one authorized to act on their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Offered Securities or the Underwriters Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Offered Securities or the Underwriters Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Underwriters in connection with the Offering.

(rr) EGC Status and Testing-the-Waters Communications. From the time of initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the-Waters Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (a) has alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (b) has authorized anyone other than the Underwriters to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Underwriters have been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule F hereto. Written Testing the Waters Communication means any Testing the Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act. As of the time of each sale of the Offered Securities in connection with the Offering when the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, no individual Written Testing the Waters Communications, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(ss) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity securities of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve Board. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary controls (as such term is defined under Section 2 of the BHCA) a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve Board.

(tt) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Underwriters request.

(uu) Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Offered Securities to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X promulgated by the Federal Reserve System.

(vv) Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act.

(ww) No Accounting Issues. The Company has not received any notice, oral or written, from its Board of Directors or Audit Committee (as defined below) stating that it is reviewing or investigating, and neither the Companys independent auditors nor its internal auditors have recommended that the Board of Directors or Audit Committee review or investigate, (i) any matter that may add to, delete, change the application of, or change the Companys disclosure with respect to, any of the Companys material accounting policies; or (ii) any matter which could result in a restatement of the Companys financial statements for any annual or interim period during the current or prior two (2) fiscal years.

(xx) Forward-looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus, or shall be contain in any amendments and supplements thereof, has been made or reaffirmed, or will be made, without a reasonable basis, or has been disclosed or will be disclosed other than in good faith.

(yy) Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged the jurisdictions that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries operate as required by the laws of such jurisdictions; neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(zz) No Finders Fee. There are no contracts, agreements, or understandings between the Company or its Subsidiaries and any other person that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or its Subsidiaries or any Underwriters for a brokerage commission, finders fee or other like payment in connection with this Offering, or any other arrangements, agreements, understandings, payments, or issuance with respect to the Company, or its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, stockholders, partners, employees or related parties that may affect the Underwriters compensation as determined by FINRA.

(aaa) Operating and Other Data. All operating and other data pertaining to the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are true and accurate in all material respects.

(bbb) Third-party Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable and accurate, and such data agrees with the sources from which it is derived, and the Company has obtained the written consent for the use of such data from such sources to the extent required.

(ccc) Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are (a) in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (b) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses, and (c) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals, or liability would not cause a Material Adverse Change.

(ddd) Compliance with Law, Constitutive Documents and Contracts. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is (a) in breach or violation of any provision of applicable law (including, but not limited to, any applicable law concerning information collection and user privacy protection), or (b) in breach or violation of its respective constitutive or foundational documents, or (c) in default under (nor has any event occurred that, with notice, lapse of time or both, would result in any breach or violation of, constitute a default under or give the holder of any indebtedness (or a person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a part of such indebtedness under) any agreement or other instrument that is binding upon the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, except in the cases of (a) and (c) above, where any such breach, violation or default would not cause a Material Adverse Change

(eee) No Unlawful Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, Common Stock to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate, or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

(fff) Scheme or Arrangement with Stockholders. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliate is a party to any scheme or arrangement through which stockholders or potential stockholders are being loaned, given or otherwise having money made available for the purchase of shares whether before, in or after the Offering. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates is aware of any such scheme or arrangement, regardless of whether it is a party to a formal agreement.

(ggg) Reliance on Representations. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to counsel for the Representative shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters set forth therein. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters and counsel to the Representative and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 5 hereof, counsel to the Company, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

Section 2 Firm Shares; Additional Shares; Representatives Warrants.

(a) Purchase of Firm Shares. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company, the Firm Shares at the purchase price (net of discounts) of $4.00per share. 

(b) Delivery of and Payment for Firm Shares. Delivery of and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 A.M., Eastern time, on the second (2nd) business day following the Applicable Time, or at such time as shall be agreed upon by the Underwriters and the Company, at the offices of the Underwriters counsel or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Underwriters and the Company. The hour and date of delivery of and payment for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date. The closing of the payment of the purchase price for is referred to herein as the Closing. Payment for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds upon delivery to the Underwriters of certificates (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Shares (or if uncertificated through the full fast transfer facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Shares shall be registered in such names and in such denominations as the Underwriters may request in writing at least two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date. If certificated, the Company will permit the Underwriters to examine and package the Firm Shares for delivery at least one (1) full business day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for all the Firm Shares.

(c) Additional Shares. The Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option (the Over-allotment Option), exercisable for 45 days after the Closing, to purchase up to an additional 246,000 shares of Common Stock, in each case solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments of such securities, if any. The Over-allotment Option is, at the Representatives sole discretion, for Additional Shares.

(d) Exercise of Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof may be exercised by the Representative within 45 days of the Closing Date. The purchase price to be paid per Additional Shares shall be equal to the price per Firm Share in Section 2(a). The Underwriters shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Additional Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which shall be confirmed in writing via overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission, setting forth the number of Additional Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Additional Shares (the Option Closing Date), which shall not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of the Representatives counsel or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Additional Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any portion of the Additional Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of Additional Shares specified in such notice and (ii) the Underwriters shall purchase that portion of the total number of Additional Shares.

(e) Delivery and Payment of Additional Shares. Payment for the Additional Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Additional Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Additional Shares shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Additional Shares except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Additional Shares. The Option Closing Date may be simultaneous with, but not earlier than, the Closing Date; and in the event that such time and date are simultaneous with the Closing Date, the term Closing Date shall refer to the time and date of delivery of the Firm Shares and Additional Shares.

(f) Underwriting Discount. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Underwriters, with respect to any Offered Securities sold to investors in this Offering, a seven and a half percent (7.5%) underwriting discount.

(g) Representatives Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the applicable Closing Date and applicable Option Closing Date, Representatives Warrants to purchase such number of Common Stock, representing six percent (6%) of the total number of Offered Securities. The agreement(s) representing the Representatives Warrants, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Representatives Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable at any time, and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the four and half year period commencing six months from the commencement of sales of the Offering, at an initial exercise price of $5.00 per share of Common Stock, which is equal to one hundred and twenty-five percent (125%) of the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares. During such time as the Representative's Warrants are outstanding, the Company agrees not to merge, reorganize, or take any action which would terminate the Representatives Warrants without first making adequate provisions for the Representatives Warrants. The Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof. The Representative understands and agrees that there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 against transferring the Representatives Warrants and the Warrant Shares during the one hundred eighty (180) days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering and by its acceptance thereof shall agree that it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Representatives Warrants, or any portion thereof, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering to anyone other than (i) an Underwriter or a selected dealer in connection with the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of the Representative or of any such Underwriter or selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing lock-up restrictions.

(h) Delivery of the Representatives Warrants. Delivery of the Representatives Warrants shall be made on the Closing Date and each Closing Date and shall be issued in the name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

Section 3 Covenants of the Company

The Company covenants and agrees with the Underwriters as follows:

(a) Underwriters Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period beginning at the Applicable Time and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of the Representatives counsel, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales by the Underwriters or selected dealers, including under circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any amendment or supplement through incorporation by reference of any report filed under the Exchange Act, the Company shall furnish to the Underwriters for review a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Underwriters reasonably objects.

(b) Securities Act Compliance. After the date of this Agreement, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall promptly advise the Underwriters in writing (i) of the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission, (ii) of the time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, (iii) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement becomes effective and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or of any order or notice preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Offered Securities from any securities exchange upon which they are listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b) and 430A, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder and will confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) were received in a timely manner by the Commission. 

(c) Exchange Act Compliance. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, to the extent the Company becomes subject to reporting obligation under the Exchange Act, the Company will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time periods required by the Exchange Act.

(d) Amendments and Supplements to the Registration Statement, Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event or development shall occur or condition exist as a result of which the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Underwriters it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file a new registration statement containing the Prospectus, in order to comply with law, including in connection with the delivery of the Prospectus, the Company agrees to (i) notify the Underwriters of any such event or condition (unless such event or condition was previously brought to the Companys attention by the Underwriters during the Prospectus Delivery Period) and (ii) promptly prepare (subject to Section 3(a) and Section 3(f) hereof), file with the Commission (and use its best efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement to be declared effective) and furnish at its own expense to the Underwriters and to dealers, amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any new registration statement, necessary in order to make the statements in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading or so that the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with law.

(e) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Underwriters, it will not make, any offer relating to the Offered Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Underwriters hereto shall be deemed to have been given in respect of each free writing prospectuses listed on Schedule B hereto. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Underwriters is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f) Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus. The Company agrees to furnish the Underwriters, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, as many copies of each of the preliminary prospectuses, the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package and any amendments and supplements thereto (including any documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein) as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities sold by it in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(h) Transfer Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Offered Securities.

(i) Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The internal controls, upon consummation of the Offering, will be overseen by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee) in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq.

(j) Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice of issuance. The Company is in material compliance with the provisions of the rules and regulations promulgated by Nasdaq and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements (to the extent applicable to the Company as of the date hereof or the Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date; and subject to all exemptions and exceptions from the requirements thereof as are set forth therein, to the extent applicable to the Company). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and subject to the qualifications above: (i) all members of the Companys Board of Directors who are required to be independent (as that term is defined under applicable laws, rules and regulations), including, without limitation, all members of each of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of the Companys Board of Directors, meet the qualifications of independence as set forth under such laws, rules and regulations, (ii) the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has at least one (1) member who is an audit committee financial expert (as that term is defined under such laws, rules and regulations), and (iii) that, based on discussions with Nasdaq, the Company meets all requirements for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement and a current prospectus relating to the registration of the Warrant Shares until (i) all Warrant Shares have been disposed of pursuant to such effective registration statement, (ii) all Warrant Shares are sold under circumstances in which all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act are met, or (iii) all Warrant Shares become and remain eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c)(1). During any period when the Company fails to have maintained an effective Registration Statement or a current Prospectus relating thereto and a holder of the Representatives Warrant desires to exercise such warrant and, in the opinion of counsel to the Holder, Rule 144 is not available as an exemption from registration for the resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly file a registration statement registering the resale of such Warrant Shares and use its reasonable best efforts to have it declared effective by the Commission within thirty (30) days.

(k) Future Reports to the Underwriters. For one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company will furnish, if not otherwise available on EDGAR, to the Representative at 377 Oak Street, Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530, Attention: Stephen Kiront, Chief Operating Officer: (i) as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report of the Company containing the balance sheet of the Company as of the close of such fiscal year and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended and the opinion thereon of the Companys independent public or certified public accountants; (ii) as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly financial statements using a Form 8-K or other report filed by the Company with the Commission; and (iii) as soon as available, copies of any report or communication of the Company mailed generally to holders of its shares.

(l) No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.

(m) Existing Lock-Up Agreements. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no existing agreements between the Company and its securityholders that prohibit the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any of the Companys securities. The Company will direct the transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon the securities of the Company that are bound by such lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated therein.

(n) Company Lock-Up.

(i) The Company on behalf of itself and any successor entity agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective Date (the Lock-Up Period), (i) issue, offer, pledge, announce the intention to sell, contract to sell, or sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the shares of Common Stock or any such other securities including but not limited to a direct or indirect at-the-market or continuous equity transaction, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, except to the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement. The Company agrees not to accelerate the vesting of any option or warrant or the lapse of any repurchase right prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

(ii) Restrictions contained in Section 3(n)(i) hereof shall not apply to: (A) the Offered Securities, the Underlying Shares, (B) any shares of Common Stock issued (i) under any Company stock inventive plans, dividend reinvestment plan, or stock purchase plans, or (ii) pursuant to the conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities or the exercise of warrants or options issued by the Company, as applicable, and in each case outstanding as of the Applicable Time and as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (C) any options to purchase any shares of Common Stock and other awards granted under any share plan of the Company or shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an employee share purchase plan, as applicable, and in each case, as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or (D) shares of Common Stock or other securities issued in connection with a transaction with an unaffiliated third party that includes a bona fide commercial relationship (including joint ventures, marketing or distribution arrangements, collaboration agreements or intellectual property license agreements) or any acquisition of assets or acquisition of not less than a majority or controlling portion of the equity of another entity; provided that (x) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to clause (D) shall not exceed five percent (5%) of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately following the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities pursuant hereto and (y) the recipient of any such shares of Common Stock or other securities issued or granted pursuant to clause (D) during the Lock-Up Period shall enter into an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

(o) Right of First Refusal. The Company and the Representative agree that for a period of twelve (12) months from the Closing Date, whether or not the engagement contemplated under this Agreement is terminated (other than termination for Cause, as defined below), the Company grants the Representative the right (provided that the Offering is completed) to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner, sole placement agent and/or sole advisor, at the representatives sole discretion, with respect to such financing or refinancing; or (ii) decides to raise funds by means of an equity offering or a private placement of equity or debt securities using an underwriter or placement agent, the representative (or any affiliate designated by the Representative) shall have the right to act as exclusive financial advisor, sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at the Representatives sole discretion, for such financing (the Right of First Refusal). The Right of First Refusal shall be subject to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5), including that it may be terminated by the Company for Cause, which shall mean a material breach by the Representative of this Agreement. The Representative shall notify the Company of its intention to exercise the Right of First Refusal within fifteen (15) business days following notice in writing by the Company. Any decision by the Representative to act in any such capacity shall be contained in separate agreements, which agreements would contain, among other matters, provisions for customary fees for transactions of similar size and nature, as may be mutually agreed upon, and indemnification of the Representative and shall be subject to general market conditions. If the Representative declines to exercise the Right of First Refusal, the Company shall have the right to retain any other person or persons to provide such services on terms and conditions which are not more favorable to such other person or persons than the terms declined by the Representative. The services provided by the Representative is solely for the benefit of the Company and are not intended to confer any rights upon any persons or entities not a party hereto (including without limitation, securityholders, employees or creditors of the Company) as against the Representative or its directors, officers, agents, and employees.

(p) Tail Period. The Representative shall be entitled to receive from the Company a cash placement fee equal to 7.5% of the aggregate purchase price paid by each purchaser of securities of the Company, with respect to any public or private offering or other financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (the Tail Financing) to the extent that such financing or capital is provided to the Company by investors whom the Representative has directly introduced, by way of at least one meeting in person or telephonically, to the Company during the Engagement Period (as defined below), if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time during the Engagement Period or within twelve (12) months following the expiration of the Engagement Period or termination of that certain engagement letter agreement by and between the Company and the Representative, dated as of July 30, 2024, as amended (the Engagement Agreement). The Representative will provide a list of investors at the conclusion of the Engagement Period that were introduced to the Company during the Engagement Period and only these investors will be eligible for the fees specified in this section. Engagement Period shall mean the period beginning on July 30, 2024, and ending on the earliest of (i) July 30, 2025, (ii) the date the Offering is completed, or (iii) the date that either the Company or the Representative terminates the Engagement Agreement pursuant to the terms therein. In compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B), the right granted to the Representative under this Section 3(r) shall be terminated upon termination by the Company of this Agreement for cause and the Company shall not be responsible for paying for the fee set forth in this Section 3(q) unless a Tail Financing is consummated within the Engagement Period.

(q) Absence of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing or registration with, any person (including any governmental or regulatory agency or body or any court) is required to be obtained or made by the Company for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and issuance and sale of the Offered Securities, except for such as have been obtained, or made on or prior to the Closing Date, and are, or on the Closing Date or any applicable Option Closing Date will be, in full force and effect. No authorization, consent, approval, license, qualification or order of, or filing or registration with any person (including any governmental agency or body or any court) in any foreign jurisdiction is required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the Offering, issuance and sale of the Offered Securities under the laws and regulations of such jurisdiction, except for such as have been obtained or made.

Section 4 Payment of Fees and Expenses.

The Company covenants and agrees with Representative that the Company will pay or cause to be paid the following: (i) the fees, disbursements and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants in connection with the registration of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities under the Securities Act and all other expenses in connection with the preparation, printing, reproduction and filing of the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and amendments and supplements thereto and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof to the Underwriters and dealers; (ii) the cost of printing or producing this Agreement, closing documents (including any compilations thereof) and any other documents in connection with the offering, purchase, sale and delivery of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities; (iii) all expenses in connection with the qualification of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities for offering and sale under state securities laws, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with such qualification and in connection with the Blue Sky survey if any; (iv) all fees and expenses in connection with listing the Offered Securities on Nasdaq; (v) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with, any required review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Offered Securities and the Underwriters Securities; provided, that the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters; (vi) the cost of preparing stock certificates, if applicable; (vii) the cost and charges of any transfer agent or registrar; (viii) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection with the marketing of the Offered Securities, including without limitation, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, travel and lodging expenses of the representatives and officers of the Company and any such consultants if any incurred; and (ix) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section.

The Company also agrees to pay to the Representative a non-accountable expense allowance of one percent (1.0%) of the gross proceeds of the Offering.

The Company will also reimburse the Representative up to a maximum of $200,000 for out-of-pocket accountable expenses, including, but not limited to: (i) background check on the Companys principal stockholders, directors and officers; (ii) all due diligence expenses; and (iii) legal counsel fees. The Company has paid an advance of $150,000 to the Representative for its anticipated out-of-pocket expenses; any advance will be returned to the Company to the extent the Representatives out-of-pocket accountable expenses are not actually incurred in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A). It is understood and agreed that the Company shall be responsible for the Representatives external counsel legal costs, any due diligence costs and any other accountable out-of-pocket fees and expenses in connection with the Offering irrespective of whether the Offering is consummated or not, subject to a maximum of $50,000 in the event that there is not a Closing.

Section 5 Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. 

The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase the Offered Securities as provided herein on the Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date shall be subject to (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date as though then made; (ii) the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder; (iii) no objections from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement; and (iv) each of the following additional conditions:

(a) Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Representative shall have received from the Accountant, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Representative, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters to Representative, delivered according to Statement of Auditing Standards No. 72 (or any successor bulletin), with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(b) Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order. During the period from and after the execution of this Agreement to and including the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, as applicable:

(i) the Company shall have filed the Prospectus with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430A under the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; or the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430A, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective; and

(ii) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, shall be in effect and no proceedings for such purpose shall have been instituted or threatened by the Commission.

(c) No Material Adverse Change. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement to and including the Closing Date and/or each Option Closing Date, as applicable, in the reasonable judgment of the Representative there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change.

(d) CFO Certificate. On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Representative shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of such date, on behalf of the Company, with respect to certain financial data contained in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, providing management comfort with respect to such information, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

(e) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Representative shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of such date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and this Agreement, to the effect that:

(i) The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, as applicable, and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable;

(ii) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Offered Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States; and

(iii) Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding options or warrants or conversion of outstanding indebtedness into Common Stock of the Company) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary (except for the conversion of such indebtedness into Common Stock of the Company); (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on Common Stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Secretarys Certificate. On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated such Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, certifying: (i) that each of the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws is, attached to such articles is true and complete, has not been modified, and is in full force and effect; (ii) that each of the Subsidiaries constitutive and organizational documents attached to such certificate is true and complete, has not been modified, and is in full force and effect; (iii) that the resolutions of the Board of Directors relating to the Offering attached to such certificate are in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iv) the good standing of the Company and each of the Subsidiaries (except in such jurisdictions where the concept of good standing is not applicable). The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

(g) Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Representative shall have received from the Accountant, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, to the effect that the Accountant reaffirms the statements made in the letter furnished by it pursuant to Section 5(a), except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date or applicable Option Closing Date.

(h) Lock-Up Agreement from Certain Securityholders of the Company. On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto from each of the Companys officers, directors, securityholders of five percent (5%) or more of the Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock listed on Schedule D hereto.

(i) Exchange Listing. The Offered Securities to be delivered on the Closing Date and the applicable Option Closing Date shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

(j) Company Counsel Opinions. On the Closing Date and the applicable Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received:

(i) the favorable opinion of VCL Law LLP, U.S. securities and New York counsel to the Company, dated as of such date, addressed to the Representative, including a negative assurance letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(ii) the favorable opinion of AllBright Law Offices, PRC counsel to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(iii) the favorable opinion of Wiseteam Law Firm, Taiwanese counsel to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative; and

(iv) the favorable opinion of Fennemore Craig, P.C., Nevada counsel to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

The Underwriters shall rely on the opinions of (i) the Companys Nevada counsel, Fennemore Craig, P.C., filed as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement, as to the due incorporation, validity of the Offered Securities, and due authorization, execution and delivery of the Agreement, (ii) the Companys U.S. securities and New York counsel, VCL Law LLP, filed as Exhibit 5.2 to the Registration Statement, as to the validity of the Underwriters Securities, (iii) the Companys PRC counsel, AllBright Law Offices, filed as Exhibit 8.1 to the Registration Statement, and (iv) the Companys Taiwanese counsel, Wiseteam Law Firm, filed as Exhibit 8.2 to the Registration Statement .

(k) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date or applicable Option Closing Date, the Representative and counsel for the Representative shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative by written notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, or applicable Option Closing Date which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 4 (with respect to the reimbursement of out-of-pocket accountable, bona fide expenses actually incurred by the Representative) and Section 7 (with respect to indemnification and contribution obligations) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6 Effectiveness of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall not become effective until the later of (i) the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto and (ii) notification (including by way of oral notification from the reviewer at the Commission) by the Commission to the Company of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act.

Section 7 Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters, their respective affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, members, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriters within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each a Underwriter Indemnified Party) from and against any losses, claims, fines (which may be imposed by any governmental authority, including if applicable, the CSRC), damages or liabilities (including in settlement of any litigation if such settlement is effected with the prior written consent of the Company) arising out of (i) an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, including the information deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent time pursuant to Rules 430A and 430B of the Securities Act Regulations, or arise out of or are based upon the omission from the Registration Statement, or alleged omission to state therein, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (ii) an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any other materials used in connection with the Offering, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and shall reimburse such Underwriter Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with evaluating, investigating or defending against such loss, claim, fine, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, fine, damage, expense or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement in, or omission from any preliminary prospectus, any Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or any such amendment or supplement thereto, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any other materials used in connection with the Offering made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information. The indemnification obligations under this Section 7(a) are not exclusive and will be in addition to any liability, which the Underwriters might otherwise have and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available at law or in equity to each Underwriter Indemnified Party.

(b) Indemnification by the Underwriters. The Underwriters shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Companys affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Company Indemnified Parties and each a Company Indemnified Party) from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including in settlement of any litigation if such settlement is effected with the prior written consent of the Underwriters) arising out (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act Regulations, any Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) the omission to state in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act Regulations, any Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, but in each case only to the extent that the untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information and shall reimburse the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as third party witness in connection with any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, investigation or proceeding, as such fees and expenses are incurred. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7(b), in no event shall any indemnity by the Underwriters under this Section 7(b) exceed the total discounts received by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. The indemnification obligations under this Section 7(b) are not exclusive and will be in addition to any liability, which the Company might otherwise have and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available at law or in equity to each Company Indemnified Party.

(c) Procedure. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, the indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify such indemnifying party in writing of the commencement of that action; provided, however, that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 7 except to the extent it has been materially adversely prejudiced by such failure; and, provided, further, that the failure to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 7. If any such action shall be brought against an indemnified party, and it shall notify the indemnifying party thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying party, to assume the defense of such action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party (which counsel shall not, except with the written consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party). After notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of such action, except as provided herein, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the indemnified party under Section 7(a) or 7(b), as applicable, for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense of such action other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that any indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense of such action but the fees and expenses of such counsel (other than reasonable costs of investigation) shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized in writing by the Company in the case of a claim for indemnification under Section 7(a), (ii) such indemnified party shall have been advised by its counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, or (iii) the indemnifying party has failed to assume the defense of such action and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party within a reasonable period of time after notice of the commencement of the action or the indemnifying party does not diligently defend the action after assumption of the defense, in which case, if such indemnified party notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of (or, in the case of a failure to diligently defend the action after assumption of the defense, to continue to defend) such action on behalf of such indemnified party and the indemnifying party shall be responsible for legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense of such action; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time any such indemnified party (in addition to any local counsel), which firm shall be designated in writing by the Underwriters if the indemnified party under this Section 7 is an Underwriter Indemnified Party or by the Company if an indemnified party under this Section 7 is a Company Indemnified Party. Subject to this Section 7(c), the amount payable by an indemnifying party under Section 7 shall include, but not be limited to, (x) reasonable legal fees and expenses of counsel to the indemnified party and any other expenses in investigating, or preparing to defend or defending against, or appearing as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any action, investigation, proceeding or claim, and (y) all amounts paid in settlement of any of the foregoing. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of judgment with respect to any pending or threatened action or any claim whatsoever, in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 7 (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. Subject to the provisions of the following sentence, no indemnifying party shall be liable for settlement of any pending or threatened action or any claim whatsoever that is effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but if settled with its written consent, if its consent has been unreasonably withheld or delayed or if there be a judgment for the plaintiff in any such matter, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. In addition, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested that an indemnifying party reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated herein effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than forty-five (45) days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the request for reimbursement, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7 is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 7(a) or Section 7(b), then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid, payable or otherwise incurred by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (or any action, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof), as incurred, (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party or parties on the one hand and the indemnified parry or parties on the other hand from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) of this Section 7(d) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) of this Section 7(d) but also the relative fault of the indemnifying party or parties on the one hand and the indemnified party or parties on the other with respect to the statements, omissions, acts or failures to act which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (or any action, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof) as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other with respect to such offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total proceeds from the Offering purchased by investors as contemplated by this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts received by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the one hand or the Underwriters on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto agree that the written information furnished to the Company by the Underwriters for use in any preliminary prospectus, any Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the Underwriters Information. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 7(d) be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding referred to above in this Section 7(d) shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 7(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7(d), an underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the total discounts received in cash by such underwriter in connection with the Offering less the amount of any damages that such underwriter has otherwise paid or become liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement, omission or alleged omission, act or alleged act or failure to act or alleged failure to act by such underwriter. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

Section 8 Termination of this Agreement.

Prior to the Closing Date, whether before or after notification by the Commission to the Company of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, this Agreement may be terminated by the Underwriters by written notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by Nasdaq; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any U.S. federal authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions that, in the reasonable judgment of the Underwriters, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable to market the Offered Securities or Underwriters Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Offered Securities, (v) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, (vi) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives reasonable judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Offered Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Offered Securities, or (vii) regulatory approval (including but not limited to Nasdaq approval) for the Offering is denied, conditioned or modified and as a result it makes it impracticable for the Representative to proceed with the Offering, sale and/or delivery of the Offered Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Securities. Any termination pursuant to this Section 8 shall be without liability on the part of (a) the Company to any of the Underwriters, except that the Company shall be, subject to demand by the Underwriters, obligated to reimburse the Representative for only those out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of their counsel, and expenses associated with a due diligence report), actually incurred by the Representative in connection herewith as allowed under FINRA Rule 5110, less any amounts previously paid by the Company; provided, however, that all such expenses shall not exceed $200,000 in the aggregate, subject to Section 4 of this Agreement, (b) the Underwriters to the Company, or (c) any party hereto to any other party except that the provisions of Section 4 (with respect to the reimbursement of out-of-pocket accountable, bona fide expenses actually incurred by the Representative) and Section 7 (with respect to indemnification and contribution obligations) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 9 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.

The Company hereby acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting solely as underwriters in connection with the Offering. The Company further acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created solely by this Agreement entered into on an arms-length basis and in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the Offering, either before or after the date hereof. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company hereby further confirms its understanding that no Underwriters has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the Offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including, without limitation, any negotiation related to the pricing of the Offered Securities; and the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate in connection with this Agreement and the Offering. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgments with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success of the Offering that are not limited to the difference between the price to the public and the purchase price paid to the Company by the Underwriters for the Offered Securities, the Underwriters Securities, and the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional financial interests. 

Section 10 Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery.

The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers, and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters or the Company or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Offered Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.

Section 11 Taxes. 

(a) If any sum payable by the Company under this Agreement is subject to tax in the hands of an Underwriter or Representative (each a Taxable Entity) or taken into account as a receipt in computing the taxable income of that Taxable Entity (excluding net income taxes on underwriting commissions payable hereunder), the Company shall pay such additional amount as will ensure that the Taxable Entities shall be left with the sum it would have had in the absence of such tax.

(b) All sums payable by the Company under this Agreement shall be paid free and clear of and without deductions or withholdings of any present or future taxes or duties, unless the deduction or withholding is required by law, in which case the Company shall pay such additional amount as will result in the receipt by each Taxable Entity of the full amount that would have been received had no deduction or withholding been made.

(c) All sums payable to a Taxable Entity shall be considered exclusive of any value added or similar taxes. Where the Company is obliged to pay value added or similar tax on any amount payable hereunder to a Taxable Entity, the Company shall in addition to the sum payable hereunder pay an amount equal to any applicable value added or similar tax.

(d) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, if a Taxable Entity is required by any relevant foreign government authority to pay any taxes imposed by the Hong Kong, PRC or Taiwanese governments or any administrative subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (Foreign Taxes) as a result of this Agreement, the Company will pay an additional amount to such Taxable Entity so that the full amount of such payments as agreed herein to be paid to the such Taxable Entity is received by the such Taxable Entity and will further, if requested by such Taxable Entity, use commercially reasonable efforts to give such assistance as such Taxable Entity may reasonably request to assist such Taxable Entity in discharging its obligations in respect of such Foreign Taxes, including by making filings and submissions on such basis and such terms as such Taxable Entity may reasonably request, promptly making available to such Taxable Entity notices received from any Hong Kong governmental authority and, subject to the receipt of funds from such Taxable Entity, by making payment of such funds on behalf of such Taxable Entity to the relevant foreign government authority in settlement of such Foreign Taxes. In the event the Company must pay any such Foreign Taxes to a relevant taxing authority, the Company shall forward to such Taxable Entity an official receipt or a copy of the official receipt issued by the taxing authority or other document evidencing such payment.

Section 12 Notices.

All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, or emailed to the parties hereto as follows:

To the Underwriters at: 

Craft Capital Management LLC

377 Oak Street, Lower Concourse

Garden City, NY 11530

Attn: Stephen Kiront, COO

Email: skiront@craftcm.com

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP

366 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: William S. Rosenstadt, Esq.; Mengyi Jason Ye, Esq. 

Email: wsr@orllp.legal; jye@orllp.legal

To the Company at: 

689-85 Xiaodong Road, Yongkang District

Tainan, Taiwan

Tel: 886-6-3121716

Attn: Yi Lu

Email: stanley.lu@advbiomedicine.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

VCL Law LLP

1945 Old Gallows Road

Suite 260

Vienna, VA 22182

Attn: Fang Liu, Esq.

Email: fliu@vcllegal.com

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 13 Successors.

This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Offered Securities as such merely by reason of such purchase.

Section 14 Partial Unenforceability.

The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph, or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph, or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section 15 Governing Law Provisions. 

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof.

Section 16 Consent to Jurisdiction.

No legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (each, a Related Proceeding) may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court other than the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, which courts (collectively, the Specified Courts) shall have jurisdiction over the adjudication of any Related Proceeding, and the parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction the Specified Courts and personal service of process with respect thereto. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to the laying of venue of any Related Proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any Specified Court that any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 17 General Provisions. 

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the Offering, except for those specific provisions of the Engagement Letter between the Company and the Representative, dated as of July 30, 2024, that are not related to the Offering, each of which provisions shall remain in full force and effect for the term of the Engagement Letter. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification and contribution provisions of Section 7, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Section 7 hereto fairly allocate the risks in the light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

The respective indemnities, contribution agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company and the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of (i) any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the officers or employees of the Underwriters, any person controlling any of the Underwriters, the Company, the officers or employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, (ii) acceptance of the Offered Securities and payment for them as contemplated hereby and (iii) termination of this Agreement.

Except as otherwise provided, this Agreement has been and is made solely for the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Company, the Underwriters, the Underwriters officers and employees, any controlling persons referred to herein, the Companys directors and the Companys officers who sign the Registration Statement and their respective successors and assigns, all as and to the extent provided in this Agreement, and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser of any of the Offered Securities from the Underwriters merely because of such purchase.

[signature page follows]

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of the Agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

ADVANCED BIOMED INC.

By: 

/s/ Yi Lu 

Name: 

Yi Lu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Underwriters as of the date first above written.

For itself and on behalf of the several

Underwriters listed on Schedule A hereto

CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC 

By: 

/s/ Stephen Kiront 

Name: 

Stephen Kiront 

Title: 

Chief Operating Officer 

SCHEDULE A

Underwriter 

Number of Firm Shares 

Craft Capital Management LLC 

1,640,000 

Total 

1,640,000 

SCHEDULE B

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus(es)

1. Free Writing Prospectus, dated February 18, 2025, link as follows: 

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1941029/000157587225000155/vc066_fwp.htm 

SCHEDULE C

Pricing Information

Number of Firm Shares: 1,640,000 shares

Public Offering Price per Firm Share: $4.00

Underwriting Discount per Firm Share: $0.30

Proceeds to Company per Firm Share (before expenses): $3.70

SCHEDULE D

Lock-Up Parties

Name 

Lock-up Period

Yi Lu, Ph.D. 

six (6) months

Hung To Pau, Ph.D. 

six (6) months

Mingze Yin 

six (6) months

Steven I-Fang Cheng, Ph.D. 

six (6) months

Jing Zhang 

six (6) months

Cheang I Kei 

six (6) months

Mingyue Cai 

six (6) months

Advance On Ventures Limited 

six (6) months

Yimin Jin* 

six (6) months

Xiaoyuan Luo 

six (6) months

Nanzhen Shen* 

six (6) months

* 

Except for 1,875,000 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the selling stockholders, including Yimin Jin with respect to 1,755,000 shares of Common Stock, and Nanzhen Shen with respect to 120,000 shares of Common Stock.

SCHEDULE E

Subsidiaries

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or

Organization

Advanced Biomed Inc. (Taiwan) 

Taiwan

Advanced Biomed (HK) Limited 

Hong Kong

Shanghai Sglcell Biotech Co., Ltd. 

Peoples Republic of China

SCHEDULE F

Written Testing the Waters Communications

None

EXHIBIT A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

_______________, 2025

Craft Capital Management LLC

377 Oak St, Lower Concourse

Garden City, New York 11530

Re: Advanced Biomed Inc. Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned (the Undersigned), being an officer, director, and/or holder of Common Stock, par value $0.001, or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock (such rights, together with the shares of Common Stock, collectively, the Shares) of Advanced Biomed Inc. (the Company), understands that you are the representative (the Representative) of several underwriters (collectively, the Underwriters), named or to be named in Schedule A to the underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered or to be entered into among the Underwriters and the Company, providing for the Offering of securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Underwriting Agreement.

In consideration of the Underwriters agreement to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Offering of the securities of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Undersigned hereby agrees, for the benefit of the Company, the Representative and the other Underwriters that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, the Undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date of this Lock-up Agreement and continuing to and including the date that is one-hundred and eighty (180) days after the Effective Date (the Lock-Up Period), unless otherwise provided herein, directly or indirectly (a) offer, sell, agree to offer or sell, solicit offers to purchase, grant any call option or purchase any put option with respect to, pledge, encumber, assign, borrow or otherwise dispose of (each, a Transfer) any Relevant Security (as defined below) or otherwise publicly disclose the intention to do so, or (b) establish or increase any put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease any call equivalent position with respect to any Relevant Security (in each case within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) with respect to any Relevant Security or otherwise enter into any swap, derivative or other transaction or arrangement that Transfers to another, in whole or in part, any economic consequence of ownership of a Relevant Security, whether or not such transaction is to be settled by the delivery of Relevant Securities, other securities, cash or other consideration, or otherwise publicly disclose the intention to do so.

As used herein, the term Relevant Security or Relevant Securities means any Share, any warrant to purchase Shares, or any other security of the Company or any other entity that is convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Shares or any other equity security of the Company, in each case owned beneficially or otherwise by the Undersigned on the date of closing of the Offering or acquired by the Undersigned during the Lock-Up Period. For avoidance of doubt, a Relevant Security shall not include such Shares registered for resale, if any, by the Undersigned, in the Registration Statement.

The restrictions in the foregoing paragraph shall not apply to (a) any exercise (including a cashless exercise or broker-assisted exercise and payment of tax obligations), vesting, or settlement, as applicable, by the Undersigned of options or warrants to purchase Shares or other equity awards pursuant to any share incentive or award plan or share purchase plan of the Company; provided that any Shares received by the Undersigned upon such exercise, conversion, or exchange will be subject to the Lock-Up Period, (b) any establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the Transfer of Shares (such, a Trading Plan); provided that (i) the Trading Plan shall not provide for or permit any Transfers, sales or other dispositions of Shares during the Lock-Up Period and (ii) the Trading Plan would not require any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and no such filing is voluntarily made, (c) any Transfer of Shares acquired in open market transactions following the closing of the Offering, provided the Transfer would not require any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and no such filing is voluntarily made, (d) any Transfer of the Undersigneds Shares or any other security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock to the Company in connection with the termination of the Undersigneds employment with the Company or pursuant to any contractual arrangement under which the Company has the option to repurchase such Shares; provided that no filing by any party under the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be made voluntarily within forty-five (45) days after the date the Undersigned ceases to provide services to the Company, and after such forty-fifth (45th) day, if the Undersigned is required make any filing under the Exchange Act to report a reduction in beneficial ownership of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the Undersigned shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such filing and the reduction in beneficial ownership in connection therewith relates to the termination of the Undersigneds employment, and no other public announcement shall be made voluntarily in connection with such Transfer (other than the filing on a Form 5 made after the expiration of the Lock-Up Period), (e) any conversion of any outstanding security of the Company into Shares; provided that any such Shares received upon such conversion shall be subject to the restrictions on the Transfer of Relevant Securities set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement, or (f) any Transfer of Shares or any other security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer for securities of the Company, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction that is approved by the board of directors of the Company, made to all holders of Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below); provided that all of the Undersigneds Relevant Securities subject to this Lock-Up Agreement shall remain subject to the restrictions described herein. For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, change of control means any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation, or other similar transaction, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of affiliated persons, other than the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of 50% or more of the total voting power of the voting securities of the Company (or any surviving entity).

In addition, the Undersigned further agrees that, except for the Registration Statement or any registration statement on Form S-8, during the Lock-Up Period, the Undersigned will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative: (a) file or participate in the filing with the Commission any registration statement or circulate or participate in the circulation of any preliminary or final prospectus or other disclosure documents, in each case with respect to any proposed offer or sale of any Relevant Security beneficially owned by the Undersigned, or (b) exercise any rights the Undersigned may have to require registration with the Commission of any proposed offeror sale of any Relevant Security beneficially owned by the Undersigned.

In furtherance of the Undersigneds obligations hereunder, the Undersigned hereby authorizes the Company during the Lock-Up Period to cause the transfer agent for the Relevant Securities to decline to Transfer, and to note stop transfer restrictions on the shareholder register and any other record relating to, Relevant Securities, for which the Undersigned is the record owner and the Transfer of which would be a violation of this Lock-Up Agreement. In the case of any Relevant Securities for which the Undersigned is the beneficial owner but not the record owner, the Undersigned agrees that during the Lock-Up Period it will use its best efforts to cause the record owner to authorize the Company to cause the relevant transfer agent to decline to transfer and to note stop transfer restrictions on the shareholder register or any other records relating to such Relevant Securities to the extent such Transfer would be a violation of this Lock-Up Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained herein to the contrary, the Undersigned may Transfer the Undersigneds Relevant Securities:

(i) 

as a bona fide gift or gifts;

(ii) 

to any immediate family member of the Undersigned, or to any trust, partnership, limited liability company, or other legal entity commonly used for estate planning purposes which are established for the direct or indirect benefit of the Undersigned or a member or members of the immediate family of the Undersigned;

(iii) 

if the Undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity, (1) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, or other business entity that is a direct or indirect Affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the Undersigned, (2) to partners, limited liability company members, stockholders or stockholders of the Undersigned or holders of similar equity interests in the Undersigned, or (3) in connection with a sale, merger or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Undersigned or any other change of control of the Undersigned, not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this Lock-Up Agreement;

(iv) 

if the Undersigned is a trust, to the trustee or beneficiary of such trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust;

(v) 

by testate or intestate succession;

(vi) 

by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement;

(vii) as permitted under the Underwriting Agreement; or

(viii) 

the withholder of Shares by, or surrender of Shares to, the Company pursuant to a net or cashless exercise or settlement feature to cover taxes due upon or the consideration required in connection with the exercise of securities issued under an equity incentive plan or share purchase plan of the Company;

provided, in the case of clauses (i)-(vi), that (A) such Transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (B) the transferee agrees in writing with the Underwriters and the Company to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement, and (C) such Transfer would not require any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and no such filing is voluntarily made.

For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage, or adoption, not more remote than the first cousin.

The Undersigned agrees that, prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any transaction or other action in connection with a Transfer permitted hereunder) during the period from the date hereof to and including the 15 days following the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned will give notice thereof to the Company and will not consummate any such transaction or take any such action unless it has received written confirmation from the Company that the Lock-Up Period has expired.

The Undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed or friends and family Common Stock that the Undersigned may purchase in the Offering. If the Undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the Representative shall notify the Company of the impending release or waiver substantially in the form of Exhibit A at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a Transfer of Shares, the Representative will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver, and (ii) the Company shall announce the impending release or waiver by issuing a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto through a major news service at least two (2) business days before the effective date of such release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a Transfer not for consideration, and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Lock-Up Agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of the Transfer.

The Undersigned, whether or not participating in the Offering, understands that the Underwriters are entering into the Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with the Offering in reliance upon this Lock-Up Agreement.

The Undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the Undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement and that this Lock-Up Agreement has been duly authorized (if the Undersigned is not a natural person) and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Undersigned, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Upon request, the Undersigned will execute any additional documents that the Underwriters deem necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the Undersigned shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Undersigned from the date of this Lock-Up Agreement.

This Lock-Up Agreement shall be delivered to the Representative prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement and shall automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur, if any, of (1) either the Representative, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, advising the other in writing, they have determined not to proceed with the Offering, (2) termination of the Underwriting Agreement before the sale of Common Stock, (3) the withdrawal of the Registration Statement, or (4) the termination of the Offering prior to the sale of Common Stock.

This Lock-Up Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. No legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Lock-Up Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (each, a Related Proceeding) may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court other than the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, which courts (collectively, the Specified Courts) shall have jurisdiction over the adjudication of any Related Proceeding, and the Undersigned hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction the Specified Courts and personal service of process with respect thereto. The Undersigned hereby irrevocably waive any objection to the laying of venue of any Related Proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any Specified Court that any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Delivery of a signed copy of this Lock-Up Agreement by facsimile or e-mail/.pdf transmission shall be effective as the delivery of the original hereof.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Very truly yours, 

Signature: 

Name (printed): 

Title (if applicable): 

Entity (if applicable): 

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF WAIVER OF LOCK-UP

, 2025

[Name and Address of 

Officer or Director 

Requesting Waiver]

Dear Mr./Ms. [Name]:

This letter is being delivered to you in connection with the offering by Advanced Biomed Inc. (the Company) of [] Common Stock, and the lock-up agreement dated , 2025 (the Lock-up Agreement), executed by you in connection with such offering, and your request for a [waiver] [release] dated , 20[], with respect to [] shares of Common Stock (the Shares). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined has the meaning given to such terms in the Lock-up Agreement.

The undersigned hereby agree to [waive] [release] the transfer restrictions set forth in the Lock-up Agreement, but only with respect to the Shares, effective , 20[]; provided, however, that such [waiver] [release] is conditioned on the Company announcing the impending [waiver] [release] by press release through a major news service at least two business days before effectiveness of such [waiver] [release]. This letter will serve as notice to the Company of the impending [waiver] [release].

Except as expressly [waived] [released] hereby, the Lock-up Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

Very truly yours,

Acting severally on behalf of themselves and the several Underwriters named in Schedule A of the Underwriting Agreement 

CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Advanced Biomed Inc.

EXHIBIT B

Form of Press Release

Advanced Biomed Inc.

[], 202[]

Advanced Biomed Inc. (the Company) announced today that CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys recent Offering of [] of the Companys Common Stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to [] Common Stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release] will take effect on [], 20[], and the securities may be sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer or sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

EXHIBIT B

Form of Representatives Warrant

As attached.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>advb040_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Advanced Biomed Inc. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering

Tainan, Taiwan, March6, 2025 Advanced Biomed Inc. (the Company or Advanced Biomed), a biotechnology company focused on early screening and detection, diagnosis and staging, and treatment of cancer, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering (the Offering) of 1,640,000 shares of common stock (Common Stock) at a public offering price of $4.00 per share. The shares of Common Stock have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and are expected to commence trading on March 6, 2025 under the ticker symbol ADVB.

The Company expects to receive aggregate gross proceeds of US$6.56 million from the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 246,000 shares of Common Stock, less underwriting discounts. The Offering is expected to close on or about March 7, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Proceeds from the Offering will be used for: (i) invitro diagnostics (IVD) clinical research, chip design and development, upgrade facilitates, and expansion to other markets; (ii) marketing and sales, and (iii) general working capital.

The Offering is being conducted on a firm commitment basis. Craft Capital Management LLC is acting as the underwriter for the Offering (the Underwriter). VCL Law LLP is acting as U.S. counsel to the Company, and Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP is acting as U.S. counsel to the Underwriter in connection with the Offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the Offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) (File Number: 333-272110), as amended, and was declared effective by the SEC on February 11, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus, forming a part of the registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus relating to the Offering, when available, may be obtained from Craft Capital Management LLC by email at info@craftcm.com, by standard mail to 377 Oak St, Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530, or by telephone at +1 (800) 550-8411. In addition, copies of the final prospectus relating to the Offering, when available, may be obtained via the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

Before you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about the Company and the Offering. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Companys securities, nor shall such securities be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of any of the Companys securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About Advanced Biomed Inc.

Since 2014, Advanced Biomed Inc. has been focusing on the integration of multiple interdisciplinary technologies and established its own microfluidic technology platform. The Company aims to provide rapid and affordable assay products and services to cancer patients. The Company has a range of innovative devices, including A+Pre, AC-1000, A+CellScan, and A+SCDrop, along with three corresponding biochips: A+Pre Chip, AC-1000 CTC Enrichment Chip, and A+CellScan Chip. The Companys technologies and products can be used for early screening and detection, diagnosis and staging, and treatment of cancer through the detection of circulating tumor cells and related tumor markers in blood samples, capture of single circulating tumor cells, and single-cell sorting and determination. Additionally, the Company has completed the research and development stage for four matching immunostaining kits, A+CTCE, A+CTCM, A+EMT, and A+CM, utilizing multiplexed staining with fluorescent-labeled antibodies to identify tumor cell types. The Company has also introduced A+LCGuard, a product designed for early screening of lung cancer to assist in the determination of benign and malignant pulmonary nodules. With the Company's primary operations, design, and development based in Taiwan, Advanced Biomed is expanding in China while preparing for the establishment of operation centers in North America and Europe. For more information, please visit the Companys website: http://ir.advanbiomed.com/.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the Company's proposed Offering. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on the Companys current expectations and projections about future events that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs, including the expectation that the Offering will be successfully completed. Investors can find many (but not all) of these statements by the use of words such as could, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project or other similar expressions in this prospectus. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Companys registration statement and other filings with the SEC.

For more information, please contact:

Advanced Biomed Inc.

Investor Relations Department

Email: ir@advanbiomed.com

Ascent Investor Relations LLC

Tina Xiao

Phone: +1-646-932-7242

Email: investors@ascent-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>advb040_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Advanced Biomed Inc. Announces Closing Of US$6.56 Million Initial Public Offering

Tainan, Taiwan, March 07, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Advanced Biomed Inc. (the "Company") (NASDAQ: ADVB), a biotechnology company focused on early screening and detection, diagnosis and staging, and treatment of cancer, today announced the closing of its initial public offering (the "Offering") of 1,640,000 shares of common stock (the Shares), at a public offering price of $4.00 per share for total gross proceeds of $6.56 million before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. The Shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2025 under the ticker symbol ADVB.

The Offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriter an option, exercisable within 45 days from the closing date of the Offering, to purchase up to an additional 246,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotment, if any.

Proceeds from the Offering will be used for: (i) invitro diagnostics (IVD) clinical research, chip design and development, upgrade facilitates, and expansion to other markets; (ii) marketing and sales, and (iii) general working capital.

Craft Capital Management LLC acted as underwriter for the Offering (the Underwriter). VCL Law LLP acted as U.S. securities counsel to the Company, and Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP acted as U.S. securities counsel to the Underwriter.

The Offering was conducted pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-272110), as amended, in connection with the Offering (the Registration Statement) previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and subsequently declared effective by the SEC on February 11, 2025. The Offering was made only by means of a prospectus. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from Craft Capital Management LLC by email at info@craftcm.com, by standard mail to 377 Oak St, Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530, or by telephone at +1 (800) 550-8411.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall such securities be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Advanced Biomed Inc.

Since 2014, Advanced Biomed Inc. has been focusing on the integration of multiple interdisciplinary technologies and established its own microfluidic technology platform. The Company aims to provide rapid and affordable assay products and services to cancer patients. The Company has a range of innovative devices, including A+Pre, AC-1000, A+CellScan, and A+SCDrop, along with three corresponding biochips: A+Pre Chip, AC-1000 CTC Enrichment Chip, and A+CellScan Chip. The Companys technologies and products can be used for early screening and detection, diagnosis and staging, and treatment of cancer through the detection of circulating tumor cells and related tumor markers in blood samples, capture of single circulating tumor cells, and single-cell sorting and determination. Additionally, the Company has completed the research and development stage for four matching immunostaining kits, A+CTCE, A+CTCM, A+EMT, and A+CM, utilizing multiplexed staining with fluorescent-labeled antibodies to identify tumor cell types. The Company has also introduced A+LCGuard, a product designed for early screening of lung cancer to assist in the determination of benign and malignant pulmonary nodules. With the Company's primary operations, design, and development based in Taiwan, Advanced Biomed is expanding in China while preparing for the establishment of operation centers in North America and Europe.

Forward-Looking Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts. When the Company uses words such as "may, "will, "intend," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project," "estimate," continue or similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, the uncertainties related to market conditions and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement filed with the SEC. For these reasons, among others, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements in this press release. Additional factors are discussed in the Company's filings with the SEC, which are available for review at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof.

For more information, please contact:

Advanced Biomed Inc.

Mingze Yin

Email: yinmingze@advbiomedicine.com

Mobile: +852-95050429
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>advb-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>advb-20250307_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>advb-20250307_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>advb-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 

Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 

Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>advb-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Mar. 05, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Advanced Biomed Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001941029

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity File Number 001-42548

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2177170

Entity Address, Address Line One 689-85 Xiaodong Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Yongkang District

Entity Address, City or Town Tainan City

Entity Address, Country TW

City Area Code 8866

Local Phone Number 3121716

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol ADVB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.advanbiomed.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

advb-20250307.htm 
advb-20250307.xsd 
advb-20250307_cal.xml 
advb-20250307_def.xml 
advb-20250307_lab.xml 
advb-20250307_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001575872-25-000240-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>advb-20250307_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001941029 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

false 
0001941029 
8866 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
Advanced Biomed Inc. 
NV 
001-42548 
87-2177170 
689-85 Xiaodong Road 
Yongkang District 
Tainan City 
TW 
3121716 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false 
Common Stock 
ADVB 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>