<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001718939-25-000016.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001718939-25-000016.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121152737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001718939-25-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			T Stamp Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001718939
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				813777260
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41252
		FILM NUMBER:		25542337

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3423 PIEDMONT ROAD
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-325-7835

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3017 BOLLING WAY NE, FLOORS 1 AND 2
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>idai-20250114.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?idai-20250114

FALSE000171893900017189392025-01-142025-01-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 14, 2025

T STAMP INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41252 81-3777260

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

3017 Bolling Way NE, Floor 2, Atlanta, Georgia30305

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (404) 806-9906

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share IDAI The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On January 14, 2025, T Stamp Inc. (the Company) received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq), which stated that the Company no longer complies with Nasdaqs continued listing rules due to the Company not having held an annual meeting of its stockholders within twelve months of the end of the Companys fiscal year end, as required pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), the Company has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance and, if Nasdaq accepts the plan, Nasdaq can grant the Company an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the fiscal year end, or until June 30, 2025, to regain compliance. The Company plans to submit a compliance plan within the specified period. The Company notes that it has filed a definitive proxy statement indicating that it will hold its 2024 Annual Stockholder Meeting on Wednesday, January 29, 2025.

While the compliance plan is pending, the Company's securities will continue to trade on Nasdaq. If the Nasdaq does not accept the Company's compliance plan, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal that decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

There can be no assurance the Company will maintain compliance with the above or any other Nasdaq listing rule. 

Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.

On January 17, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Lance Wilson as the Companys new Chief Financial Officer, to fill the vacancy in the position left after Alex Valdess resignation as Chief Financial Officer effective January 2, 2025.

Lance Wilson, a licensed Certified Public Accountant in Georgia, first joined the Company in 2021, serving in various financial capacities, most recently as the Senior Vice President of Accounting & Finance at T Stamp from July 2024 until being appointed to his role as CFO. Lance leads all external financial reporting, including SEC filings and technical accounting research and implementation. Lance has played a key role in multiple initiatives, including a successful public fundraising campaign that resulted in Trust Stamps NASDAQ listing in January 2022.

Prior to joining T Stamp, Lance served as the Financial Reporting Manager at Cousins Properties (NYSE: CUZ) from July 2020 to July 2021, where he managed all SEC filings, technical accounting projects, and audit engagements. Prior to that, he severed in various accounting roles at The North Highland Company, Change Healthcare (formerly McKesson Technology Solutions), and BDO-USA, LLC. Lance holds a Master of Accountancy degree and a Bachelor of Science in Commerce and Business Administration from The University of Alabama.

Lance Wilson has no family relationships with any other director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer.

Lance Wilson and the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement), with an effective date of January 1, 2025, for his role as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company. The Agreement outlines Mr. Wilsons ongoing responsibilities, including oversight of the Companys financial integrity, regulatory compliance, and multicurrency financial reporting. It also details his leadership in investor relations and compliance with applicable SEC, Nasdaq, and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.

Under the Agreement, Mr. Wilson will receive an annual base salary of $182,250, subject to periodic review, and will be eligible for an annual equity bonus of at least 10% of his base salary in the form of restricted stock units. The Agreement also includes provisions for reimbursement of business expenses, participation in Company benefit plans, and relocation assistance if applicable.

The Agreement has an open-ended term, continuing until either party provides 120 days written notice of termination. It also specifies termination provisions, including compensation and benefits in the event of termination by the Company without cause or by Mr. Wilson for good reason, such as severance equal to up to 36 months of base salary and accelerated vesting of equity awards in certain circumstances, including a change in control. Termination for cause or voluntary resignation without good reason would result in payment of only accrued compensation and benefits through the termination date.

The Agreement contains customary confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions related to the Company's trade secrets and other sensitive information.

The foregoing description of the Agreement is intended to be a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement itself, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following exhibit is furnished as part of this report:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Lance Wilson

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

T STAMP INC.

By: /s/ Gareth Genner

Name: Gareth Genner

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101executiveemploymentag.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement), is entered into and effective as of January 1st, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between T Stamp Inc. (the Company), and Lance Wilson (Executive) (each a Party and collectively the Parties).

WHEREAS, Executive has been employed by the Company since July 26, 2021;

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to restate the terms and conditions of the Parties continued employment relationship;

WHEREAS, Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive would not be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in this Agreement except for Executives execution of this Agreement and his fulfillment of the promises contained herein, including, without limitation, those set forth in Section 5;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound hereby, acknowledge and agree as follows:

1.Employment and Duties. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, the Company hereby agrees to continue to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts continued employment with the Company.

A.Position and Duties. During the Term, Executive shall serve as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company and shall report to the Chief Executive Officer, and the Boards Audit Committee. The Executive shall have primary responsibility for ensuring the financial integrity of the Company, including oversight of all budgeting, forecasting, and financial reporting activities. The Executive shall also actively participate in managing investor relations and ensuring the Company's compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements. In the capacity of CFO, the Executive acknowledges and agrees to fulfill all responsibilities customarily associated with this role, including those prescribed under the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Nasdaq Stock Market, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. The Executive shall remain informed of and compliant with such duties as they may evolve due to changes in applicable legal or regulatory frameworks. Nonetheless, Executive will have such duties, functions, responsibilities and authority as are customarily associated with the position in which Executive serves and shall also perform such other and related duties as may be assigned to Executive by the Company from time to time. The principal place of Executives employment shall be in the US, but the Parties may agree by mutual consent to a relocation of Executives principal place of employment; further, during the Term, Executive may be required to travel on Company business domestically and abroad.

B.Exclusivity. During the Term, unless otherwise authorized by the Company, Executive shall devote Executives full business time and energy to the business and affairs of the Company and use Executives reasonable best efforts, skills and abilities to promote the interests of the Company and perform Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is under no fiduciary, contractual or other legal obligation to another company, venture, business or employer that would prevent Executive from being employed by the Company as set forth herein. This provision shall not be construed to prevent Executive from (i) 

receiving compensation from engagements with the Companys affiliated entities, including its subsidiaries (Affiliates), (ii) engaging in community, charitable, and educational activities, (iii) managing Executives personal investments, and (iv) with the prior written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, serving on corporate boards or committees, and provided that all such activities in clauses (i) through (iv) above do not materially conflict or interfere with Executives performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

2.Term. The term of the Executives employment under this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until such time as either Party delivers written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement, provided that such notice is given not less than one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the designated termination date, which shall be defined as the Executives final working day ("Termination Date"). Either Party may terminate this Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. As an exempt executive role, the Executive is expected to maintain availability during core business hours (9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET, Monday to Friday) and commit additional time as necessary to fulfill the roles requirements. Flexibility is essential, including participation in calls or meetings outside core hours during key activities such as preparing 10Q/10K filings or fundraising efforts.

3.Compensation and Benefits.

A.Base Salary. During the Term, the Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary (Base Salary) of one hundred and eighty-two thousand, two hundred and fifty USD ($182,250) minus applicable withholdings, in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices. Payments shall be made semi-monthly. Executives Base Salary will be reviewed on an annual basis by the compensation committee of the Board, with any such salary increase to be effective on December 31st of the year in which the review occurs, and may be adjusted at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board.

B.Benefits Plans. Subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Companys applicable plan documents in force from time to time and applicable law, including any applicable waiting period thereunder, Executive will be eligible to participate in all employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements (including, without limitation, any plans, programs and arrangements providing for retirement benefits, profit sharing, disability benefits, paid time off, health and life insurance) that the Company, in its sole discretion, makes available to its similarly situated executives generally.

C.Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual equity bonus of no less than ten percent (10%) of the Executive's Base Salary, to be awarded in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), subject to the approval and discretion of the Board's Compensation Committee. Equity granted under this Section shall be subject to applicable withholding and the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements governing such grant.

D.Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for (or, at the Companys option, pay) all ordinary, necessary and reasonable business expenses actually incurred by Executive in performing Executives duties under this Agreement. All reimbursable expenses shall be appropriately documented by Executive upon submission of any request for reimbursement, and shall be reimbursed, in a manner consistent with the Companys expense reporting policies and applicable federal and state tax recordkeeping requirements.

E.Relocation Expenses. In the event that the Parties agree by mutual consent to a relocation of Executives principal place of employment outside of the United States, the Company shall reimburse Executive for (or, at the Companys option, pay) reasonable relocation expenses for Executive and Executives family members, including transportation and housing costs. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any such relocation expenses under this Section 3.E shall be subject to applicable withholdings and grossed up to ensure zero out of pocket cost for the Executive.

F.Withholdings and Taxes. All compensation payable to Executive is subject to withholding for all applicable federal, state and local income taxes, and all applicable employment, occupational, Social Security and other similar taxes, and any other amounts as required by law.

G.Clawback. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based compensation, or any other compensation, paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement).

H.No Other Compensation. Executive is entitled to the compensation explicitly set forth or referenced in this Agreement, and no other compensation of any type.

4.Termination;Rights on Termination. The benefits, if any, Executive receives upon termination are dependent on the reason for termination and are described below in this Section 4. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive agrees to resign, effective on the Termination Date, or shall be deemed to have resigned, from all positions that Executive holds as an officer, or any of the Companys Affiliates; provided, however, that any such resignation shall not impact or otherwise diminish Executives rights to compensation upon termination as provided in this Section 4.

A.Payment Through Termination. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive (or Executives estate, in the case of a termination due to Executives death) shall be entitled to receive any accrued but unpaid Base Salary and all benefits and reimbursements due through the effective Termination Date (collectively, the Accrued Amounts). The Accrued Amounts will be paid in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, except that Executives rights under any employee benefit plan or program of the Company shall be governed by the terms of such plan or program and applicable law.

B.Payment for Termination Upon Certain Conditions. In the event Executives employment is terminated by the Company, or Executive terminates employment, based on the triggers specifically provided for throughout this Section 4, and provided that Executive fully complies with Executives obligations under this Agreement and executes and returns to the Company, within twenty-one (21) days after the Termination Date (or such longer period as may be required by applicable law), a full and complete release of all claims against the Company, its Affiliates, and their respective employees, officers, and directors, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company (the Release), and provided, further, that Executive does not revoke the Release, then the Company shall pay Executive, in addition to the Accrued Amounts, the following: (1) an amount equal to twenty four months of Executives then-current Base Salary; provided, however, that if Executives employment is terminated based on the triggers specifically provided for 

throughout this Section 4 within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control of the Company, such amount shall be increased to thirty six months of Executives then-current Base Salary; and (2) accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards previously granted to Executive, including any stock incentive awards. A Change in Control for this purpose means: (a) a sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; or (b) any merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction of the Company with or into another corporation, trust, joint venture, association, company, natural person, firm, partnership or other entity (each, a Person), other than a transaction in which the holders of at least a majority of the shares of voting capital stock of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to hold (either by such shares remaining outstanding or by their being converted into shares of voting capital stock of the surviving entity) a majority of the total voting power represented by the shares of voting capital stock of the Company (or the surviving entity) outstanding immediately after such transaction; or (c) the direct or indirect acquisition (including by way of a tender or exchange offer) by any Person, or Persons acting as a group, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares representing a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company. Such amount (the Separation Pay) will be payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices, commencing on the sixtieth (60th) day after the Termination Date (but with the first payment being a lump sum payment covering all payment periods from the Termination Date through the date of such first payment), provided that the Release has become final and irrevocable. Executives rights under any employee benefit plan or program of the Company shall be governed by the terms of such plan or program and applicable law.

C.Termination by the Company for Cause.

1.The Company may terminate the Term and Executives employment for Cause, and such termination for Cause shall be effective immediately upon provision of notice to Executive that Executives employment has been terminated for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means:

i.Executives material breach of any material provision of this Agreement or any other agreement to which Executive and the Company and/or its Affiliates are parties, to the extent that such breach results in material injury to the Company and/or its Affiliates,

ii.Executives willful failure to perform Executives duties under this Agreement, to the extent that such violation results in material injury to the Company and/or its Affiliates,

iii.Executives willful failure to follow a lawful directive of the Board, provided the direction is not inconsistent with the duties or responsibilities of Executive and to the extent that such actions or omissions result in material injury to the Company and/or its Affiliates,

iv.Executives material failure to comply with the Companys written policies or rules, as they may be in effect from time to time,

v.Executives willful misconduct with respect to the business or affairs of the Company, to the extent that such conduct result in material injury to the Company and/or its Affiliates,

vi.Executives dishonesty, fraud, or breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the business or affairs of the Company,

vii.Executives conviction of, plea of no contest to, any felony, or commission of any misdemeanor involving theft, fraud, dishonesty, or act of moral turpitude,

provided, however, that no termination shall occur pursuant to clauses (a) through (e) herein unless the Company first gives Executive written notice of its intention to terminate and of the Cause for such termination, and Executive has not, within thirty (30) business days following receipt of such notice, remedied or cured such Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, no act or failure to act by Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, in bad faith or without a reasonable belief that Executives action or omission was in the best interests of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company or any of its Affiliates or upon the instructions of the Board of Directors of the Company or any of its Affiliates or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company or any of its Affiliates. In no circumstances may evidence acquired after the notice of Cause is given to Executive be relied upon or used to support the termination of Executives employment for Cause. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, poor performance by Executive, the Company or any of its Affiliates alone shall not be deemed to constitute Cause.

2.In the event Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, no compensation or benefits shall be payable to Executive after the Termination Date, except for the Accrued Amounts or as otherwise required under the terms of the Companys employee benefit plans and programs or applicable law.

D.Termination by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may terminate the Term and his employment for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following, in each case without Executives consent: (1) a material reduction in Executives Base Salary, (2) a mandatory relocation of Executives principal place of employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location(s) identified in Section 1.A (except for required travel on Company business to an extent substantially consistent with Executives business travel obligations), (3) a material, adverse change in Executives authority, duties or responsibilities (other than temporarily while Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law); or (4) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Company and Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an occurrence described above which otherwise may constitute Good Reason hereunder shall not constitute Good Reason if: (x) Executive fails to provide written notice to the Company of the occurrence alleged to constitute Good Reason hereunder within thirty (30) days after Executive reasonably determines in good faith that such occurrence has initially occurred, (y) the Company cures, corrects or otherwise remedies such occurrence within thirty (30) business days after the Companys receipt of Executives written notice hereunder, or (z) in the event the Company does not cure, correct or otherwise remedy such occurrence as provided above, Executive fails to resign within thirty (30) days after the end of such cure period. In the event Executives employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason, and provided that Executive fully complies with his obligations under this Agreement and executes a general release of all claims as required under Section 4.B, then Executive shall be paid compensation pursuant to Section 4.B.

E.Termination Upon Death Or Disability. The Term and Executives employment with the Company will terminate immediately upon the death of Executive, and may be terminated by the 

Company upon the Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Disability means the inability of Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, to perform the essential functions of Executives duties and responsibilities under this Agreement for a period of more than ninety (90) consecutive days or one hundred and eighty (180) nonconsecutive days during any twelve (12) month period by reason of a mental or physical disability as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion; provided, however, that any question as to the existence, extent or potentiality of Executives disability upon which Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined by a qualified, independent physician mutually agreeable to Executive and the Company. In the event Executives employment is terminated due to Executives death or Disability, no compensation or benefits shall be payable to Executive after the Termination Date, except for the Accrued Amounts or as otherwise required under the terms of the Companys employee benefit plans and programs or applicable law.

F.Termination Due to Expiration of the Term. In the event that either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew this Agreement in accordance with Section 2, then the Term and Executives employment with the Company will terminate automatically upon the expiration of the Term. No compensation or benefits shall be payable to Executive after the Termination Date, except for the Accrued Amounts or as otherwise required under the terms of the Companys employee benefit plans and programs or applicable law.

G.COBRA Payments for Termination by the Company Without Cause Or by Executive for Good Reason. Provided Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), and provided that Executive fully complies with his obligations under this Agreement and executes a general release of all claims as required under Section 4.B, the Company shall reimburse Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by Executive for Executive and Executives dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to Executive by the last day of the month immediately following the month in which Executive timely remits premium payment. Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the twenty fourth month anniversary of the termination (or the twenty fourth month anniversary of the termination in the case of a termination by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control of the Company); (ii) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer.

H.Right to Offset. In the event of any termination of Executives employment under this Agreement for any reason, the Companys obligation to make any payments shall be subject to reasonable offset for any outstanding amounts that Executive owes to the Company, except to the extent such amounts constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A or such deductions are otherwise prohibited by applicable law. Nothing in this subsection shall limit the Companys right to pursue means other than or in addition to deduction to recover the full amount of any outstanding obligations to the Company. All payments and benefits payable under this Agreement are gross payments subject to applicable taxes and withholdings.

5.Covenants.

A.Restrictive Covenants.

1.Executive Acknowledgements; Representations and Warranties.

a)Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the restrictive covenants set forth in 

Sections 5.A.(2) through 5.A.(5) below, (i) are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company, (ii) will not impair or infringe upon Executives right to work or earn a living when Executives employment with the Company ends for any reason, and

i.Executive will (A) serve the Company as a Key Employee; and/or (B) serve the Company as a Professional; and/or (C) customarily and regularly solicit Business Relations for the Company; and/or (D) customarily and regularly engage in making sales or obtaining orders or contracts for products or services to be provided or performed by others in the Company; and/or (E) (x) have a primary duty of managing a department or subdivision of the Company, (y) customarily and regularly direct the work of two or more other employees, and (z) have the authority to hire or fire other employees; and/or

ii.Executives position is a position of trust and responsibility with access to (A) Confidential Information, (B) information concerning employees of the Company, and/or (C) information concerning Business Relations of the Company.

b)Executive represents and warrants that: (i) Executive is not subject to any legal or contractual duty or agreement that would prevent or prohibit Executive from performing Executives duties for the Company or complying with this Agreement, and (ii) Executive is not in breach of any legal or contractual duty or agreement, including any agreement concerning trade secrets or confidential information, owned by any other person or entity.

c)Executive further acknowledges and agrees that during Executives employment with the Company and in connection with the performance of Executives duties for the Company, Executive shall not breach any legal or contractual duty or agreement Executive entered into with any former employer or third party.

d)For purposes of this Agreement, Key Employee means that, by reason of the Companys investment of time, training, money, trust, exposure to the public, or exposure to Business Relations during the course of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will gain a high level of notoriety, fame, reputation, or public persona as the Companys representative or spokesperson, or will gain a high level of influence or credibility with the Companys Business Relations, or will be intimately involved in the planning for or direction of the business of the Company or a defined unit of the business of the Company. Such term also means that Executive will possess selective or specialized skills, learning, or abilities or customer contacts or customer information by reason of having worked for the Company.

e)For purposes of this Agreement, Professional means an employee who has a primary duty of the performance of work requiring knowledge of an advanced type in a field of science or learning customarily acquired by a prolonged course of specialized intellectual instruction or requiring invention, imagination, originality, or talent in a recognized field of artistic or creative endeavor. Such term shall not include employees performing technician work using knowledge 

acquired through on-the-job and classroom training, rather than by acquiring the knowledge through prolonged academic study, such as might be performed, without limitation, by a mechanic, a manual laborer, or a ministerial employee.

2.Non-Disclosure, Use and Return of Confidential Information.

a)Except as otherwise set forth in Section 6.A, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, reverse engineer, divulge, sell, exchange, furnish, give away, transfer or otherwise reveal in any way, any Confidential Information to any person, natural or legal, except as required in the course of performing Executives duties under this Agreement or as authorized in writing by the Company. Executives obligations under this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other obligations Executive has to protect Confidential Information (including obligations arising under applicable law), and such obligations will continue for so long as the information in question continues to constitute Confidential Information under applicable law.

b)All Confidential Information disclosed to or obtained by Executive in whatever form (including, without limitation, information incorporated in computer software or held in electronic storage media) shall be and remain the property of the Company, and shall not be destroyed, deleted or altered without the Companys prior written consent. All Confidential Information possessed by Executive as of the Termination Date shall be returned to the Company at such time. Upon the return of the Confidential Information, Executive shall not thereafter retain in any form, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information.

c)In the event Executive is requested or required pursuant to any legal, governmental, or investigatory proceeding or process or otherwise to disclose any Confidential Information, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6.A, Executive shall promptly notify the Company in writing prior to disclosing any Confidential Information so that the Company may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or, if it chooses, waive compliance with the applicable provision of this Agreement. Executive agrees to take reasonable steps to cooperate with the Company at the Companys expense to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information consistent with applicable law or court order, and shall use Executives reasonable efforts to limit any such disclosure to the minimum disclosure necessary to comply with such law or court order.

d)As set forth in this Agreement, Confidential Information means all information of the Company in any form that relates to the past, present and future business affairs of the Company or a person or entity not a party to this Agreement whose information the Company has in its possession under obligations of confidentiality, which has value to the Company or, if owned by someone else, has value to that third party, and is not generally known to the Companys competitors, and which is disclosed by the Company to Executive or of which Executive became aware as a consequence of Executives relationship with the Company. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, (i) methods of operation, (ii) price lists, (iii) financial information and projections, (iv) personnel data, (v) past, present or future business plans, (vi) the 

composition, description, schematic or design of products or equipment of the Company or any third party, (vii) Work Product (as defined herein), (viii) advertising or marketing plans, (ix) information regarding independent contractors or employees, (x) information regarding customers, clients, suppliers, licensees or licensors, or prospective customers, clients, suppliers, licensees, licensors and other material business relations of the Company (collectively, Business Relations), or (xi) information regarding any third party. Confidential Information also includes trade secrets (as defined under applicable law) as well as information that does not rise to the level of a trade secret, information that has been entrusted to the Company by a third party under an obligation of confidentiality, and other such confidential or proprietary information, whether such information is developed in whole or in part by Executive, by others in the Company or obtained by the Company from Executive or third parties, and irrespective of whether such information has been identified by the Company as secret or confidential. Confidential Information does not include any data or information of the Company that (x) is voluntarily disclosed to the public by the Company, except where such public disclosure has been made by Executive without authorization from the Company, (y) was or becomes available to Executive from a source other than the Company, or (z) has been independently developed and disclosed by Executive or by others or that otherwise enters the public domain through lawful means.

B.Non-Disparagement. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 6.A, during the Term and following the Termination Date, Executive shall not make any disparaging or defamatory statements, whether written or oral, concerning the Company, or any of its current or former officers, directors, shareholders, or employees, with the intention that such statements be disparaging or defamatory. Nothing in this Section is intended to or should be interpreted as preventing the provision of truthful information made in the course of sworn testimony in any administrative, judicial or arbitral proceedings or investigations.

C.Return of Company Property/Materials. Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date or upon the Companys request at any time, Executive shall immediately return to the Company all of the Companys property, including, but not limited to, mobile phone, keys, passcards, credit cards, confidential or proprietary lists (including, but not limited to, lists of Business Relations), thumb drives, discs, laptop computer, software, computer files, marketing and sales materials, and any other property, record, document, or piece of equipment belonging to the Company. Executive shall not (i) retain any copies of the Companys property, including any copies existing in electronic form, which are in Executives possession, custody, or control, or (ii) destroy, delete, or alter any Company property, including, but not limited to, any files stored electronically, without the Companys prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be permitted to retain copies of Executives compensation and benefits arrangements, including this Agreement.

D.Proprietary Rights.

1.Work Product.

a)Ownership of Work Product. Executive acknowledges and agrees that all writings, works of authorship, technology, designs, specifications, schematics, tests, test results, manufacturing techniques, manufacturing documentation, inventions, discoveries, ideas and other work product of any nature whatsoever, 

that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived or reduced to practice by Executive individually or jointly with others during the period of Executives employment by the Company and relating in any way to the business or demonstrably contemplated business, research or development of the Company (regardless of when or where the Work Product is prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same) and all printed, physical and electronic copies, all improvements, rights and claims related to the foregoing, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively, Work Product), as well as any and all rights in and to copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (and related goodwill), patents and other intellectual property rights therein arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world and all related rights of priority under international conventions with respect thereto, including, without limitation, all pending and future applications and registrations therefor, and continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions and renewals thereof (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights), shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.

b)Work Made for Hire; Assignment. Executive acknowledges that, by reason of being employed by the Company at the relevant times, to the maximum extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting of copyrightable subject matter is work made for hire as defined in 17 U.S.C. 101 and such copyrights are therefore owned by the Company. To the extent that the foregoing does not apply, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Executive hereby irrevocably assigns, and upon future creation thereof hereby automatically assigns, to the Company, for no additional consideration and without requiring execution of any other documents, Executives entire right, title and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein, including, without limitation, the right to sue, counterclaim and recover for all past, present and future infringement, misappropriation or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement is to be construed as reducing or limiting the Companys rights, title or interest in any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than that the Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement. 

c)Further Assurances; Power of Attorney. During the Term and following the Termination Date, Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company to (i) apply for, obtain, perfect and transfer to the Company all Work Product as well as all Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world, and (ii) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, executing and delivering to the Company any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments and other documents and instruments as may be requested by the Company, all expenses thereof to be paid by the Company. In the event the Company, after good faith, reasonable effort, is unable to obtain Executives full cooperation and secure Executives signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this Section, Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executives agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for Executive and on 

Executives behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this Agreement with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive; provided, however, that such irrevocable designation and appointment by Executive shall occur only after the first occurrence in which the Company provides Executive a reasonable period of time to respond to its request for Executives full cooperation and securing of Executives signature on any document and Executive (A) cannot be found; (B) is deceased; (C) fails to object; or (D) refuses, without a reasonable, good faith basis, to cooperate fully and sign the document.

d)No License. Executive understands and agrees that this Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, grant Executive any license or right of any nature with respect to any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software or other tools made available to Executive by the Company.

e)Disclosures.

i.Executive agrees to disclose to the Company and provide the Company with a complete written description of any Work Product in which Executive is involved (solely or jointly with others) and the circumstances surrounding the creation of such Work Product, upon creation of any subject matter that may constitute Work Product, and upon request by the Company. Executives failure to provide such a description to the Company, or the Companys failure to request such a description from Executive, will not alter the rights of the Company to any Work Product under this Section 5.E or otherwise; and

ii.Executive agrees that Executive has identified on Exhibit A (Prior Inventions) attached hereto all inventions made by Executive prior to Executives employment with the Company and Executive represents that such list is complete. If Executive attaches no such list on Exhibit A, Executive represents that Executive has made no such inventions at the time of signing this Agreement.

2.License. During the Term and following the Termination Date, Executive grants to the Company an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to: (a) make, use, sell, copy, perform, display, distribute, or otherwise utilize copies of the Licensed Materials, (b) prepare, use and distribute derivative works based upon the Licensed Materials, and (c) authorize others to do the same. Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any Licensed Materials Executive delivers to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Licensed Materials means any materials that Executive utilizes for the benefit of the Company, or delivers to the Company or the Companys customers, which (i) do not constitute Work Product, (ii) are created by Executive or of which Executive is otherwise in lawful possession, and (iii) Executive may lawfully utilize for the benefit of, or distribute to, the Company or the Companys customers, regardless of whether they are resellers, distributors or end users.

3.Release. During the Term and following the Termination Date, Executive consents to the Companys use of Executives image, likeness, voice, or other characteristics in the 

Companys products, services, or marketing or informational materials. Executive releases the Company from any cause of action which Executive has or may have arising out of the use, distribution, adaptation, reproduction, broadcast, or exhibition of such characteristics. Executive represents that Executive has obtained, for the benefit of the Company, the same release in writing from all third parties whose characteristics are included in the services, materials, computer programs and other deliverables that Executive provides to the Company.

E.Post-Employment Disclosure. Executive shall notify the persons and/or entities for whom, during the Restricted Period, Executive works or consults (or for whom, during the Restricted Period, it is anticipated or possible Executive will work or consult), whether as an owner, partner, joint venturer, employee, consultant or independent contractor, of the covenants and terms contained in Section 5 of this Agreement. In addition, Executive authorizes the Company to provide a copy of such provisions to third parties, including Executives subsequent, anticipated or possible future employers or persons and/or entities with whom Executive works or consults as an owner, partner, joint venturer, employee, consultant or independent contractor.

F.Post-Employment Activities. Beginning on the day following the Termination Date, Executive (i) shall remove any reference to the Company as Executives current employer from any social media or other web- or cloud-based source Executive either directly or indirectly controls, including, but not limited to, LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+, and (ii) will not represent that Executive is currently employed by the Company to any person or entity, including, but not limited to, on any social media or other web- or cloud-based source Executive either directly or indirectly controls.

G.Confidentiality. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 5.E, Section 6.A and/or in response to a lawfully issued subpoena or court order or in a legal proceeding to the extent necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement, Executive shall keep the terms of this Agreement (except for the terms set forth in Section 3) completely confidential and will not hereafter disclose any such terms to any person or entity other than Executives legal professionals or tax or financial advisors, other professional advisors and Executives spouse or domestic partner. Such individuals will be considered Executives agents and will also be bound by this Agreement to the maximum extent permitted by law.

H.Cooperation. During the Term and following the Termination Date, Executive, upon reasonable notice, shall reasonably and appropriately (1) advise and assist the Company and/or its counsel in preparing reports, filings and documents as the Company may reasonably request concerning events which occurred during Executives employment with the Company (whether before or after the Effective Date) and about which Executive has any knowledge or information and otherwise cooperate with the Company with any request for information, (2) respond to all reasonable inquiries from the Company and/or its counsel relating to any current or future investigation, regulatory action or litigation (including but not limited to any internal or external investigations) concerning events which occurred during Executives employment with the Company (whether before or after the Effective Date) and about which Executive has any knowledge or information, and (3) assist the Company and/or its counsel in prosecuting or defending against any litigation, complaints or claims against or involving the Company, or any matters related to or arising out of clauses (1) and (2) of this Section and be reasonably available to confer with the Company and/or its counsel and otherwise provide such reasonable assistance as the Company and/or its counsel may deem necessary in connection with any such investigation, regulatory action or litigation, in 

all such cases at mutually convenient times. The Company shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with Executives performance of obligations pursuant to this Section. In addition, for all time that Executive expends performing obligations pursuant to this Section after the Term, the Company shall compensate Executive at a per day fee based on Executives Base Salary as of the Termination Date divided by 225; provided, however, that Executives right to such compensation in this sentence shall not apply to time spent in activities that could have been compelled pursuant to a subpoena, including testimony at depositions, hearings or trials. The Company shall provide Executive with reasonable advance notice of any legal process that may require Executives services under this Section.

I.Remedies.

1.Enforcement Generally. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, regardless of the reason for the termination of this Agreement, if Executive breaches or threatens to breach any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement: (a) the Company would suffer irreparable harm; (b) it would be difficult to determine damages; and (c) money damages alone would be an inadequate remedy for the injuries suffered by the Company. Accordingly, regardless of the reason for the termination of this Agreement, Executive acknowledges and agrees that in addition to any other remedies that may be available at law, in equity, or under this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to (v) obtain specific performance and injunctive relief, without posting bond or other security, to enforce this Agreement; (w) obtain an equitable accounting by any court of competent jurisdiction of all profits or benefits arising out of such breach; and (x) immediately cease or withhold payment to Executive of any separation pay for which Executive otherwise may qualify, and seek prompt repayment from Executive of 90% of any such separation pay previously received by Executive (with the remaining 10% serving as consideration for Executives release of claims contained in the Release described in Section 4.B). Executive further acknowledges and agrees that (y) Executive shall waive and shall not assert any defense that the Company has an adequate remedy at law with respect to the breach or threatened breach or require that the Company submit proof of the economic value of any Confidential Information and (z) nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the Companys right to any other remedies that may be available at law, in equity, or under this Agreement. 

2.Independent Enforcement. Each of the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement shall be construed as an agreement independent of (a) any other agreements, or (b) any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, regardless of who was at fault and regardless of any claims that either Executive or the Company may have against the other, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement. The Company shall not be barred from enforcing any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement by reason of any breach of (c) any other part of this Agreement, or (d) any other agreement with Executive.

J.Other Entities. For purposes of Sections 5.A through 5.I the Company shall be deemed to include the Companys Affiliates.

6.General.

A.Protected Rights; Defend Trade Secrets Act.

1.Nothing in this Agreement shall limit Executives ability to (a) file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission (collectively, Government Agencies), (b) communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agencies, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company.

2.Executive is hereby notified that under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016: (a) no individual shall be held criminally or civilly liable under federal or state law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is: (i) made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public; and (b) an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order.

B.Code Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section 409A), or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all taxable reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided by Company under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement shall be for expenses incurred by Executive during the period of time specified in the Agreement; (ii) any in-kind benefits must be provided by Company during the period of time specified in the Agreement; (iii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year; and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

C.Modification. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in whole or in part except in writing signed by Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that any restrictive covenant set forth in this Agreement is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable, it is the intention of the Parties that such restriction may be modified by the court (including by application of any blue pencil doctrine under applicable law) to the minimum extent necessary to render such restriction enforceable valid and enforceable.

D.Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

E.Survival. Any obligations under this Agreement which by their terms extend beyond or survive the termination of the Term (whether or not specifically provided) shall not be affected or diminished in any way by the termination of the Term and shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason and shall thereafter be enforceable whether or not such termination is claimed or found to be wrongful or to constitute or result in a breach of any contract or of any other duty owed or claimed to be owed to Executive by the Company.

F.Waiver. The Companys failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not act as a waiver of that or any other provision. The Companys waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall not act as a waiver of any other breach.

G.Attorneys Fees. To the maximum extent permitted by law, in the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, the prevailing Party, shall be entitled to recover attorneys fees and costs of litigation in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity. 

H.Indemnification; Directors and Officers Coverage. In the event Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party to any legal action or proceeding, by reason of the fact that Executive is or was an employee or officer of the Company or serves or served any other entity in any capacity at the Companys request, Executive shall be indemnified by the Company and the Company shall advance Executives related expenses when and as incurred, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees, as set forth in the current by-laws of the Company. During Executives employment with the Company and thereafter, so long as Executive may have liability arising out of his service as an officer or director of the Company (or, if applicable, any of the Companys Affiliates), the Company agrees to continue and maintain (or to direct its applicable Affiliate to continue to maintain) a directors and officers liability insurance policy covering Executive with coverage no less than that available to active directors and officers of the Company or, if applicable, its Affiliate.

I.Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including Exhibit A, which is incorporated by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any prior communications, agreements or understandings, whether oral or written, between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

J.Third Party Beneficiaries. The Parties agree that the Companys Affiliates are intended third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, with full rights to enforce this Agreement. Except as stated in the preceding sentence, this Agreement does not confer any rights or remedies upon any person or entity other than the Parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

K.Assignment; Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be assignable by the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the Companys successors and permitted assigns, including, without limitation, successors through merger, name change, consolidation, or sale of a majority of the Companys stock or assets. Executive may not assign this Agreement or any of Executives rights and duties hereunder, and any such purported assignment shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon Executives heirs, executors and administrators.

L.No Strict Construction. If there is a dispute about the language of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

M.Notice. Whenever notice is required under this Agreement, it shall be given in writing addressed as follows:

To Company: T Stamp Inc. Attn: Andrew Gowasack

3017 Bolling Way NE

Floor 2,

Atlanta, GA 30305, United States

Mandatory copies to:

[_]

To Executive: Lance Wilson

Last address on file with the Company

Notice shall be deemed given and effective on the earlier of: (i) the date on which it is actually received; (ii) the next business day after it is deposited with UPS, FedEx, or a similar overnight courier service for next business day delivery; or (iii) three (3) days after its deposit in the U.S. Mail addressed as above and sent first class mail, certified, return receipt requested. Either Party may change the address to which notices shall be delivered or mailed by notifying the other Party of such change in accordance with this Section.

N.Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be deemed to be made in, and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed, and governed by and in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, irrespective of its choice-of-law rules. Any and all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, Executives employment with the Company, or Executives cessation of employment with the Company shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts with jurisdiction over Fulton, Georgia. The Parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts, and hereby waive (1) any objection to jurisdiction or venue, or (2) any defense claiming lack of jurisdiction or improper venue, in any action brought in such courts.

O.Execution. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one document. A facsimile or scanned signature shall be deemed to be an original.

P.Affirmation. Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read this Agreement, Executive knows and understands its terms and conditions, Executive has had the opportunity to consult with counsel of Executives choice regarding this Agreement, Executive has had the 

opportunity to ask the Company any questions Executive may have had prior to signing this Agreement, and Executive signs this Agreement voluntarily.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the Effective Date.

T STAMP INC. LANCE WILSON

__________________________ __________________________

Name: Andrew Gowasack

Title: President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>idai-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>idai-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>idai-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name T STAMP INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-41252

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3777260

Entity Address, Address Line One 3017 Bolling Way NE

Entity Address, Address Line Two Floor 2

Entity Address, City or Town Atlanta

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30305

City Area Code 404

Local Phone Number 806-9906

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol IDAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001718939

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://truststamp.ai/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

idai-20250114.htm 
idai-20250114.xsd 
idai-20250114_lab.xml 
idai-20250114_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001718939-25-000016-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>idai-20250114_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001718939 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

false 
0001718939 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
T STAMP INC. 
DE 
001-41252 
81-3777260 
3017 Bolling Way NE 
Floor 2 
Atlanta 
GA 
30305 
404 
806-9906 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
IDAI 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>