<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-035235.txt : 20250225
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-035235.hdr.sgml : 20250225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250225165409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-035235
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invitation Homes Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001687229
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE OPERATORS (NO DEVELOPERS) & LESSORS [6510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				900939055
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38004
		FILM NUMBER:		25664409

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5420 LBJ FREEWAY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 421-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5420 LBJ FREEWAY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d925617d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000168722900016872292025-02-212025-02-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 21, 2025

Invitation Homes Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in charter)

Maryland 001-38004 90-0939055

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

5420 LBJ Freeway, Suite 600

Dallas, Texas75240

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(972)421-3600

Registrants telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value INVH New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2):

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On February 21, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Invitation Homes Inc. (the Company or Invitation Homes) promoted Timothy Lobner, the Companys current Executive Vice President and Head of Field Operations to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (principal operating officer), effective as of March 2, 2025 (the Effective Date). In connection with this executive leadership update, Charles Young, will continue to serve as the Companys President, but will cease serving as Chief Operating Officer (principal operating officer) as of the Effective Date. 

Prior to this new role, Mr. Lobner, 48, served as the Companys Executive Vice President and Head of Field Operations since December 2023, overseeing the Companys property management operations. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Operations Support, since January 2014. He joined Invitation Homes in October 2012. From 2006 to 2012, he worked at Trammell Crow Company, the commercial real estate development subsidiary of CBRE, where he focused on industrial, office, and retail opportunities. Before beginning his real estate career, Mr. Lobner served as a nuclear submarine officer in the United States Navy from 1999 to 2005. 

In connection with Mr. Lobners appointment as the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: (1) as of the Effective Date, his annual base salary will be $500,000; (2) his target annual bonus will be 125% of his annual base salary, with actual payment to be based on the achievement of performance objectives to be set by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee); and (3) his target long-term incentive award will be $1,566,667. On February 21, 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a retention equity award to Mr. Lobner (the Retention Award) in the form of restricted stock units (the RSUs), effective as of March 1, 2025, with a grant date fair value of $2,500,000 under the Invitation Homes Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan). The RSUs under the Retention Award are subject to time vesting requirements and will vest in two equal annual installments on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to continued employment. In addition, Mr. Lobner will be entitled to payments and benefits under the Companys Executive Severance Plan at the multiple applicable to the Chief Operating Officer, which payments and benefits are described in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 3, 2024 under the heading Potential Benefits Upon a Termination or Change in ControlSeverance Plan. The Executive Severance Plan has been previously filed by the Company as Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 7, 2020. 

Mr. Lobner was not appointed pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any other person, has no family relationships with any director or executive officer of the Company, and there are no transactions involving Mr. Lobner that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Compensation Update 

On February 21, 2025, as part of its annual compensation review and award process, the Compensation Committee approved several compensation matters applicable to the Companys principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and certain other named executive officers (collectively, executives), as described below. 

Executives Compensation Arrangements 

Based on the Companys performance in 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the following adjustments to the compensation arrangements of the Companys executives: (1) increased the target long-term incentive award for Mr. Dallas Tanner, the Companys Chief Executive Officer to $10,965,000; (2) increased the annual base salary of Mr. Jonathan Olsen, the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to $600,000, increased his annual cash incentive program target opportunity to 150%, and increased his target long-term incentive award to $2,300,000; (3) increased the target long-term incentive award for Mr. Charles Young, the Companys President to $4,266,667; (4) increased the target long-term incentive award for Mr. Scott Eisen, the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer to $3,380,000; and (5) increased the target long-term incentive award for Mr. Mark Solls, the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer to $1,645,000. 

Annual Equity-Based Awards 

The Compensation Committee approved the Companys 2025 long-term stock incentive program (the LTIP), along with a form of RSU award agreement (the LTIP RSU Agreement) and a form of LTIP unit award agreement (the LTIP Unit Agreement) under the Incentive Plan. The LTIP includes a mix of time-vesting and performance-vesting awards. Executives were permitted to elect whether to receive their LTIP awards in the form of time- or performance- vesting RSUs (LTIP RSUs and such awards, LTIP RSU Awards) or time- or performance-vesting LTIP units (LTIP Units and such awards, LTIP Unit Awards). The Compensation Committee approved the grant of LTIP RSU Awards and LTIP Unit Awards to each executive in accordance with his election. 

The LTIP RSU Awards and LTIP Unit Awards have a grant date of March 1, 2025. The material terms of the LTIP RSU Awards and the LTIP Unit Awards are described below. 

Time-Vesting LTIP RSUs 

The time-vesting LTIP RSUs are scheduled to vest in equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of March 1, 2025, subject to the executives continued employment through the applicable vesting date (with certain limited exceptions). 

On February 21, 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the grant, effective as of March 1, 2025, of time-vesting LTIP RSU Awards to the following Company executives in the following dollar amounts: Dallas Tanner $2,741,250; Jonathan Olsen $575,000; Charles Young $1,066,667; Scott Eisen $845,000; and Mark Solls $411,250. The corresponding number of RSUs will be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the award by the closing price of the Companys common stock on February 28, 2025, the last trading day on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) prior to the Saturday grant date. 

Performance-Vesting LTIP RSUs 

The performance-vesting LTIP RSUs may be earned based on the achievement of performance conditions over a three-year performance period from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2027. The number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs that may be earned will be determined based on performance achieved during the specified performance period. The performance-vesting LTIP RSUs may be earned based on two performance measures: (1) the compounded annual growth rate of the Companys shareholder return relative to the RMS Index CAGR for the performance period; and (2) the compounded annual growth rate of the Companys net operating income for an identified population of homes. The performance-vesting LTIP RSUs are subject to potential increase based on achievement of the cumulative growth rate of the Companys shareholder return over the performance period (the TSR Modifier). Finally, the maximum dollar value of performance-based LTIP RSUs that can be earned is subject to a cap equal to the product of 300% of the target number of performance-vesting RSUs granted multiplied by $55.00 (the Value Cap). 

Under the terms of the LTIP RSU Agreement, each executive is eligible to earn, in respect of each performance condition, a threshold, target, and maximum number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs based on whether the performance criteria are achieved at threshold, target, or maximum levels. The total number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs earned with respect to each performance measure is based on an achievement factor which, in each case, ranges from a 0% payout for below threshold performance, to 50% for threshold performance, to 100% for target performance, up to 200% for performance at maximum levels or above. For actual performance between the specified threshold, target, and maximum levels, the resulting achievement percentage will be adjusted on a linear basis. 

Once actual achievement of the performance criteria is determined at the end of the performance period, the number of earned performance-vesting LTIP RSUs is subject to upward modification based on application of the TSR Modifier, which can result in an increase in the number of earned LTIP RSUs ranging from an additional 0% (for total shareholder return below a threshold level) to up to an additional 50% (for total shareholder return at or above a maximum level) of the number of earned performance-vesting LTIP RSUs. As a result of the TSR Modifier, but prior to application of the Value Cap, the maximum number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs that can be earned is 300% of target. Following application of the TSR Modifier, the number of performance-vesting RSUs ultimately earned is subject to reduction in the event that the actual dollar value of the performance-vesting LTIP RSUs exceeds the Value Cap. If the Value Cap is exceeded, the number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs will be reduced to the maximum number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs that have a dollar value as near as possible to, but not above, the Value Cap, with all performance-vesting LTIP RSUs exceeding the Value Cap being forfeited for no consideration. 

In general, performance-vesting LTIP RSUs are earned on the date after the end of the performance period on which the Compensation Committee certifies the extent to which the performance criteria have been achieved (the Certification Date). The performance vesting LTIP RSUs will vest on the Certification Date, subject to the executives continued employment through such Certification Date (with certain limited exceptions). 

On February 21, 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the grant, effective as of March 1, 2025, of performance-vesting LTIP RSU Awards to the following Company executives in the following dollar amounts, which amounts assume that target level of performance is achieved (with the actual number of shares to be earned based on the actual achievement of the performance criteria described above): Jonathan Olsen $1,725,000; Charles Young $3,200,000; Scott Eisen $2,535,000; and Mark Solls $1,233,750. The corresponding number of performance-vesting LTIP RSUs will be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the award by the grant date fair value calculated based on the closing price of the Companys common stock on February 28, 2025, the last trading day on the NYSE prior to the Saturday grant date and a Monte Carlo fair value analysis. 

Performance-Vesting LTIP Units 

For executives who elected to receive performance-vesting LTIP Units for the LTIP, such LTIP Units may be earned based on the achievement of the same performance and other conditions, including the TSR Modifier and the Value Cap, as apply to the performance-vesting LTIP RSUs. Under the terms of the LTIP Unit Agreement, each executive is eligible to earn performance-vesting LTIP Units based on the same performance criteria and payout structure as the performance-vesting LTIP RSUs. Once actual achievement of the performance criteria is determined at the end of the performance period, the number of earned performance-vesting LTIP Units is subject to the same TSR Modifier and Value Cap provisions as the performance-vesting LTIP RSUs. 

In general, performance-vesting LTIP Units are earned on the date after the Certification Date. The earned performance-vesting LTIP Units will vest on the Certification Date, subject to the executives continued employment through such Certification Date (with certain limited exceptions). 

On February 21, 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the grant, effective as of March 1, 2025, of performance-vesting LTIP Unit Award to Dallas Tanner equal to $8,223,750, which amount assumes that target level of performance is achieved (with the actual number of shares to be earned based on the actual achievement of the performance criteria described above). The corresponding number of performance-vesting LTIP Units will be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the award by the grant date fair value calculated based on the closing price of the Companys common stock on February 28, 2025, the last trading day on the NYSE prior to the Saturday grant date and a Monte Carlo fair value analysis. 

The foregoing description of the LTIP does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the LTIP RSU Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference herein, and the full text of the LTIP Unit Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 25, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Lobners promotion. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information in Item 7.01 shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing made by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Form of Award Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (LTIP RSU Award Agreement) under the Invitation Homes Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

10.2 Form of Award Notice and LTIP Unit Agreement (LTIP Unit Award Agreement) under the Invitation Homes Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

99.1 Press Release of Invitation Homes Inc., dated February 25, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

INVITATION HOMES INC.

By: 

/s/ Mark A. Solls

Name: Mark A. Solls

Title: 

Executive Vice President, Secretary

and Chief Legal Officer

Date: February 25, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d925617dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AWARD NOTICE AND 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

(20[]LTIP RSU Award Agreement) 

INVITATION HOMES INC. 

2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

The
Participant has been granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) with the terms set forth in this Award Notice, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement entered into by and between the
Participant and the Company to which this Award Notice is attached. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Notice shall have the meanings set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan, as applicable. 

Participant: 

[ ]

Date of Grant: 

[ ] , 20[]

Vesting Start Date: 

[ ] , 20[]

Time Vesting RSUs Granted: 

[ ]

Performance Vesting (Target) RSUs Granted: [ ] , consisting of: 

[ ] Tranche I Performance Vesting (Target) RSUs 

[ ] Tranche II Performance Vesting (Target) RSUs 

1.Time Vesting RSUs. The Time Vesting RSUs shall vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the
Vesting Start Date, subject to the Participants continued employment through the applicable vesting date; provided, that if the number of RSUs specified above is not evenly divisible by three, then no fractional units shall vest and the
installments shall be as equal as possible with the smaller installments vesting first. 

2.Performance Vesting RSUs. The
Performance Vesting RSUs will become earned (Earned RSUs) based on the achievement of the Performance Conditions set forth below with respect to the Performance Period specified below and application of the TSR Modifier Factor (as
defined below), but subject to application of the Value Cap (as defined below). 

(a) Performance Conditions. The
number of Performance Vesting RSUs in each tranche that become Earned RSUs shall be based on the achievement of the Performance Conditions set forth below applicable to such tranche and application of the TSR Modifier Factor. The number of
Performance Vesting RSUs earned in respect of such tranche shall be equal to the sum of (1) the product of (x) the target number of Performance Vesting RSUs in such tranche multiplied by (y) the applicable Percentage of Award
Earned for such tranche (calculated in accordance with 2(b)) (such product, the Unmodified Earned RSUs) plus (2) the product of (x) the Unmodified Earned RSUs multiplied by (y) the TSR Modifier Factor.
The number of Earned RSUs shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if INVH TSR (i.e., total shareholder return) for the Performance Period is negative, the Tranche I Performance Vesting RSUs shall not vest at
a level greater than target. 

Tranche 

Performance Condition 

Performance Period 

Threshold

Level of

Achievement 

Target Level

of Achievement 

Maximum Level

of Achievement

Tranche I INVH TSR Relative to RMS Index CAGR January 1, 20[] December 31, 20[] [] percentage [] percentage [] percentage

Tranche II Same Store NOI Growth CAGR January 1, 20[] December 31, 20[] []% []% []%

(b) Calculation of Number of Unmodified Earned RSUs. Following the last day of the
Performance Period, the Committee shall calculate the Percentage of Award Earned with respect to each tranche, based on the percentages specified below. If actual performance with respect to any tranche is between Threshold and the
Target or the Target and Maximum levels of achievement, the Percentage of Award Earned shall be determined using linear interpolation (and rounded to the nearest whole percentage point) between such numbers. In
the event that actual performance does not meet the Threshold Level of Achievement with respect to any tranche, the Percentage of Award Earned with respect to such tranche shall be zero. All determinations with respect to whether and the
extent to which a Performance Condition has been achieved shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and the applicable Performance Conditions shall not be achieved and the applicable Performance Vesting RSUs shall not become Unmodified
Earned RSUs until the Committee certifies in writing the extent to which such Performance Conditions have been met. In addition, all determinations with respect to the calculation of the TSR Modifier Factor shall be made by the Committee in its sole
discretion and the Committee shall certify in writing the final calculation of the TSR Modifier Factor prior to determining the number of Unmodified Earned RSUs that become Earned RSUs. 

Level of Achievement Percentage of Award Earned

Prior to Application of TSR

Modifier Factor 

Below Threshold 0 % 

Threshold 50 % 

Target 100 % 

Maximum 200 % 

Above Maximum 200 % 

(c) Calculation of TSR Modifier Factor. Following the last day of the Performance
Period, the Committee shall calculate the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period to determine the percentage, if any, by which the number of Earned Units will be modified based on Modifier TSR for the Performance Period (such percentage, the
TSR Modifier Factor). 

(i) If the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period is []% or less, then
the TSR Modifier Factor shall be 0%. 

(ii) If the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period is []% or more, then the
TSR Modifier Factor shall be 50% 

If the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period falls between []% and []%, then the TSR Modifier Factor shall
be determined using linear interpolation (and rounded to the nearest whole percentage point). For example, if the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period is []%, then the TSR Modifier Factor shall be 25%. Following determination of the TSR
Modifier Factor, the number of Earned RSUs will be calculated as set forth in Section 2(b). 

(d) Limitation on Number of Earned RSUs. The maximum dollar value of
Earned RSUs that become Vested RSUs on the Determination Date cannot exceed the product of (x) 300% of the target number of Performance Vesting RSUs granted hereunder multiplied by (y) $55.00 (such product, the Value Cap). In the
event that the dollar value of the Earned RSUs exceeds the Value Cap, the number of Earned RSUs will be reduced to the greatest whole number of Earned RSUs that have an aggregate dollar value based on the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
Determination Date that is as near as practicable to the Value Cap, with all Earned RSUs exceeding the Value Cap being forfeited for no consideration. 

(e) Unvested RSUs Forfeited. Any Performance Vesting RSUs which do not become Earned RSUs based on actual performance
during the Performance Period shall be forfeited as of the last day of the Performance Period, except to the extent set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

3.Vesting of Earned RSUs. 

(a) Any Performance Vesting RSUs that become Earned RSUs shall become vested on the Determination Date for the Performance
Period. 

(b) Vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with the terms of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

4.Definitions. For the purposes of this Award Notice: 

(a) Beginning Share Price with respect to the Performance Period shall mean the 20 day trailing average
closing stock price as of (but excluding) the first day of the Performance Period (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan). 

(b) CAGR shall mean compounded annual growth rate, and
shall be expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent 0.1%) and shall be calculated for a performance period using the following formula: 

(c) Determination Date shall mean, with respect to the Performance
Period, the date the Performance Conditions and the TSR Modifier Factor for such Performance Period are certified by the Committee in writing. 

(d) Ending Share Price with respect to the Performance Period shall mean the 20 day trailing average
closing stock price through (and including) the last trading day of a Performance Period. 

(e) INVHTSR shall be calculated as the CAGR, expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent (0.1%)), in the value per Share during the Performance Period due to the appreciation or depreciation in the price per Share
and dividends paid during the Performance Period, assuming dividends are reinvested on their respective ex-dividend dates, and calculated using the Beginning Share Price and the Ending Share Price. 

(f) INVHTSRRelativetoRMSIndexCAGR in respect of the Performance Period shall mean the INVH TSR for the Performance Period, less the RMS Index CAGR for the Performance Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the intent of the Committee is that RMS Index CAGR over
the Performance Period be calculated in a manner designed to produce a fair comparison between the INVH TSR percentage and the RMS Index CAGR for the purpose of determining INVH TSR Relative to RMS Index CAGR. 

(g) Modifier TSR means the cumulative growth rate, expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth
of a percent (0.1%)) in the value of a Share during the Performance Period reflecting the appreciation or depreciation in the price per Share during the Performance Period, assuming dividends are reinvested on their respective ex-dividend dates, and calculated using the following formula (where D is the ending amount of total dividends paid to a shareholder of record with respect to one Share during the Performance Period
reinvested): 

Ending Share Price + D - Beginning Share Price

Beginning Share Price 

(h) RMS Index CAGR shall be calculated as the CAGR, expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth
of a percent (0.1%)), in the value of the MSCI US REIT Index during the Performance Period due to the appreciation or depreciation in the index during the Performance Period, but using (x) the 20 day trailing average closing price of the index
as of (but excluding) the first day of the Performance Period and (y) the 20 day trailing average closing price of the index through (and including) the last trading day of a Performance Period. 

(i) Same Store NOI Growth means net operating income for an identified population of homes as set forth in
the Companys annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC in respect of the actual Performance Period. 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

(20[] GRANT) 

INVITATION HOMES INC. 

2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, effective as of the Date of Grant (as defined below), is between Invitation Homes Inc., a Maryland
corporation (the Company), and the Participant (as defined below). 

WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the
Invitation Homes Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as it may be amended, the Plan) in order to provide additional incentives to selected officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company Group; and 

WHEREAS, the Committee responsible for administration of the Plan has determined to grant RSUs to the Participant as provided herein
and the Company and the Participant hereby wish to memorialize the terms and conditions applicable to such RSUs. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.Definitions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same
meanings as in the Plan. The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Agreement: 

(a)
Agreement shall mean this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement including (unless the context otherwise requires) the Award Notice and Appendix A. 

(b) Award Notice shall mean the notice to the Participant with respect to the RSUs granted under this
Agreement. 

(c) Constructive Termination shall have the meaning set forth in any employment agreement,
or if no such agreement exists, the meaning set forth in any other agreement providing for severance benefits (including a participation notice under the Companys Executive Severance Plan) entered into by the Participant and a member of the
Company Group, as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, or, if no such agreement exists at the time of a termination of employment or service, (i) a material reduction in the Participants total compensation
opportunity (measured as base salary, target annual bonus opportunity, and target long-term cash incentive opportunity in the aggregate) other than in connection with an
across-the-board reduction of compensation which does not exceed 10% of the Participants base salary and that is applied to all senior executives of the Company;
or (ii) a relocation of the Participants principal place of employment by more than 50 miles; provided that any event described in clause (i) or (ii) above shall not constitute a Constructive Termination unless the Company fails to
cure such event within 30 days after receipt from the Participant of written notice of the event which otherwise would constitute Constructive Termination; and provided, further, that Constructive Termination shall cease to exist for an
event on the 60th day following the Participants knowledge thereof, unless the Participant has given the Board written notice thereof prior to such date. 

(d) Date of Grant shall mean the Date of
Grant listed in the Award Notice. 

(e) Detrimental Activity shall mean the Participants
(i) willful or repeated failure or refusal to perform such duties which results in demonstrable material harm to the Company Group, following written notice from the Committee and ten days opportunity to cure; (ii) conviction of, or plea
of guilty or no contest to, (A) any felony; or (B) any other crime that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, material harm to the business or reputation of the Company or any other member of the Company Group;
(iii) fraud or misappropriation, embezzlement or misuse of funds or property belonging to the Company or any other member of the Company Group; or (iv) act of personal dishonesty that involves personal profit in connection with the
Participants employment or service to the Service Recipient. 

(f) Participant shall mean the
Participant listed in the Award Notice. 

(g) Qualifying Termination shall mean the
Participants employment or service, as applicable, with the Company Group is terminated by the Company Group without Cause, or is terminated by the Participant following a Constructive Termination. 

(h) Restrictive Covenant Violation shall mean the Participants breach of the Restrictive Covenants
listed on Appendix A or any covenant regarding confidentiality, competitive activity, solicitation of the Companys vendors, suppliers, customers, or employees, or any similar provision applicable to or agreed to by the Participant. 

(i) Retirement shall mean the Participants voluntary resignation from employment, other than while
grounds for Cause exist, when (x) the Participants age is at least 55 years old, (y) the Participants Years of Service is at least ten years, and (z) the sum of the Participants age and years of service
is at least 65. 

(j) RSUs shall mean that number of Restricted Stock Units listed in the Award Notice
as Restricted Stock Units Granted. 

(k) Shares shall mean a number of shares of the
Companys Common Stock equal to the number of RSUs. 

(l) Years of Service shall mean the number of
full months (converted to years) of employment and other business relationships with the Company and its predecessors. 

2.Grant of Units. The Company hereby grants the RSUs to the Participant, each
of which represents the right to receive one Share upon vesting of such RSU, subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan, the Award Notice, and this Agreement. 

3.RSU Account. The Company shall cause an account (the Unit Account) to be established and maintained on the
books of the Company to record the number of RSUs credited to the Participant under the terms of this Agreement. The Participants interest in the Unit Account shall be that of a general, unsecured creditor of the Company. 

4.Vesting; Settlement. The RSUs shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth on the Award Notice. The Company
shall deliver to the Participant one share of Common Stock for each RSU (as adjusted under the Plan) which becomes vested in a given calendar year, pursuant to Section 13, below, and such vested RSU shall be cancelled upon such delivery. 

5. Termination of Employment. 

(a) In the event that the Participants employment or service, as applicable, with the Company Group terminates for any
reason, any unvested RSUs shall be forfeited and all of the Participants rights hereunder with respect to such unvested RSUs shall cease as of the effective date of termination (the Termination Date) (unless otherwise
provided for by the Committee in accordance with the Plan or this Agreement). 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event of a Qualifying Termination, subject to the Participants execution and non-revocation of the Companys standard form of release of claims: 

(i) The next installment of Time Vesting RSUs which could become vested in accordance with the Award Notice, and all Earned
RSUs outstanding under this Agreement, shall become vested and settled in accordance with this Agreement. 

(ii) With
respect to any Performance Vesting RSUs for which the Performance Period has not been completed, a prorated portion of the Performance Vesting RSUs will remain outstanding and eligible to vest based on actual performance on the last day of the
Performance Period, with such proration based on the number of days the Participant was employed during the Performance Period, relative to the total number of days in the Performance Period. Any Performance Vesting RSUs which become Earned RSUs
following the Determination Date shall become vested and settled in accordance with Section 4 as soon as practicable following the Determination Date. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Participants
employment or service with the Company Group is terminated by the Company Group following the Participants death or during the Participants Disability, subject to the Participants or executors execution and non-revocation of the Companys standard form of release of claims: 

(i) the Time
Vesting RSUs and any Earned RSUs outstanding under this Agreement shall become vested as of the Termination Date and settled as soon as practicable following the Termination Date. 

(ii) With respect to any Performance Vesting RSUs for which the Performance Period has not been completed, a prorated portion
of the Performance Vesting RSUs will remain outstanding and eligible to vest based on actual performance on the last day of the Performance Period, with such proration based on the number of days the Participant was employed during the Performance
Period, relative to the total number of days in the Performance Period. Any Performance Vesting RSUs which become Earned RSUs following the Determination Date shall become vested and settled in accordance with Section 4 as soon as practicable
following the Determination Date. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Participants Retirement
following written notice at least six months prior to the date of the Participants resignation: 

(i) The Time
Vesting RSUs outstanding under this Agreement shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest so long as no Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, as determined by the Committee, or its designee, in its sole discretion, prior to the applicable vesting
date. 

(ii) Earned RSUs outstanding under this Agreement shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest so long as no
Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, as determined by the Committee, or its designee, in its sole discretion, prior to the applicable vesting date. 

(iii) A prorated number of Performance Vesting RSUs shall remain outstanding
and eligible to become Earned RSUs, notwithstanding the Participants Retirement, based on the extent to which the Performance Conditions are satisfied following the completion of the Performance Period, with such proration based on the number
of days the Participant was employed during the Performance Period, relative to the total number of days in the Performance Period. Any Performance Vesting RSUs which become Earned RSUs pursuant to this Section 5(d) shall become vested in
accordance with Section 5(d)(ii). 

(e) The Participants rights with respect to the RSUs shall not be affected
by any change in the nature of the Participants employment or service, as applicable, so long as the Participant continues to be an employee or service provider, as applicable, of the Company Group. Whether (and the circumstances under which)
the Participants employment or service, as applicable, has terminated and the determination of the Termination Date for the purposes of this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee (or, with respect to any Participant who is not a
director or officer as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, its designee, whose good faith determination shall be final, binding and conclusive; provided, that such designee may
not make any such determination with respect to the designees own employment for purposes of the RSUs). As a pre-condition to a Participants right to continued vesting following Retirement, the
Committee, or its designee, may require the Participant to certify in writing prior to each applicable vesting date that no Restrictive Covenant Violation has occurred. 

6. Change in Control. 

(a) Treatment of Performance Vesting RSUs. 

(i) Calculation of Change in Control Earned RSUs. In the event of a Change in Control during the Participants
employment and prior to the completion of the Performance Period, the Performance Vesting RSUs will become Earned RSUs based on: 

(A) the INVH TSR and the RMS Index CAGR as measured through the date of the Change in Control based on the closing price of a
Share of the Company on the last trading day immediately prior to the Change in Control (or, if the Companys shares are not publicly traded immediately prior to the Change in Control, based on the value of a Share as determined by the
Committee based on the actual or implied price paid in the Change in Control) relative to the performance criteria set forth in the Award Notice; 

(B) the Companys actual Same Store NOI Growth CAGR measured through the most recently completed fiscal quarter relative
to the performance criteria set forth in the Award Notice; and 

(C) the TSR Modifier Factor as measured through the date
of the Change in Control. 

The number of Earned RSUs calculated in accordance with the foregoing (the Change inControl
Earned RSUs) shall not be prorated based on the number of completed days in the Performance Period. 

(ii)
Vesting of Change in Control Earned RSUs. Any Performance Vesting RSUs which become Change in Control Earned RSUs shall become vested as to 50% of such Change in Control Earned RSUs as of the date of the Change in Control, and as to the
remaining 50% of the Change in Control Earned RSUs on the first anniversary of the date of the Change in Control. 

(b) Certain Terminations Following a Change in Control. Notwithstanding
Section 5(a) of this Agreement, in the event of a Qualifying Termination during the 24-month period immediately following a Change in Control, subject to the Participants execution and non-revocation of the Companys standard form of release of claims, any unvested Time Vesting RSUs, Earned RSUs, and Change in Control Earned RSUs shall become vested as of the Termination Date, and shall
thereafter be settled in accordance with this Agreement. 

(c) Assumption of Awards. In the event of a Change in Control, in
connection with which the successor to the Company fails to assume, convert or replace the RSUs, the Time Vesting RSUs, Earned RSUs, and the Change in Control Earned RSUs, to the extent not assumed, will become vested as of immediately prior to the
Change in Control. 

7. Dividends. 

(a) Upon the declaration by the Company of dividends to holders of its Common Stock, the Participant shall be entitled to receive dividend
equivalent payments (DividendEquivalents) in respect of all of such Participants Time Vesting RSUs and any Earned RSUs, whether unvested or vested and not yet settled, as of the record date for such dividend. The
Dividend Equivalents shall be delivered to the Participant on the regular payment date that such dividend is made to all holders of the Companys Common Stock and in the same form as are delivered to holders of the Companys Common Stock
(i.e., in either cash, without interest, or in shares of Common Stock which Common Stock will not be not subject to any vesting conditions). 

(b) Unearned Performance Vesting RSUs shall be entitled to be credited with dividend equivalent payments (upon the payment by the Company of
dividends on Shares), which shall accrue in cash without interest and shall be delivered in cash (unless the Committee in its sole discretion, elects to settle such amount in Shares having a Fair Market Value as of the settlement date equal to the
amount of such dividends). Accumulated dividend equivalents shall be payable at such time the Performance Vesting RSUs become Earned RSUs. For the avoidance of doubt, dividends accrued in respect of Performance Vesting RSUs shall only be paid to the
extent the underlying Performance Vesting RSU becomes an Earned RSU, and to the extent any Performance Vesting RSUs are forfeited and not earned, the Participant shall have no right to such dividend equivalent payments. 

8.Restrictions on Transfer. The Participant may not assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber
the RSUs or the Participants right under the RSUs to receive Shares, except other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be
void and unenforceable against the Company or any of its Affiliates; provided, that the designation of a beneficiary (if permitted by the Committee) shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or
encumbrance. 

9.Repayment of Proceeds; Clawback Policy. In the event of a Restrictive
Covenant Violation or if the Participant engages in Detrimental Activity prior to the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant, the Participant shall be required, in addition to any other remedy available (on a
non-exclusive basis), to pay to the Company, within 10 business days of the Companys request to the Participant therefor, an amount equal to the aggregate
after-tax proceeds the Participant received upon the sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of, the RSUs (including any Dividend Equivalents previously paid) and any Shares issued in respect
thereof. In addition, in the event of a restatement of the Companys financial results (other than a restatement caused by a change in applicable accounting rules or interpretations), the result of which is that the number of RSUs that became
Earned RSUs would have been a lower amount had it been calculated based on such restated results, and the Committee determines that the Participant engaged in fraud or intentional illegal conduct which materially contributed to the need for such
restatement, the Company shall be entitled to recoup from the Participant, an amount equal to the excess of the compensation received by the Participant over the amount the Participant would have been entitled to if calculated based on the restated
financial results. The amount of any request for clawback or recoupment shall take into account all amounts of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of such proceeds in the year of repayment. The RSUs and all proceeds of the
RSUs shall be subject to the Companys clawback policies, if any, and as in effect from time to time, to the extent any such policy is required by law. 

10.No Right to Continued Employment or Engagement. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the Participants receipt of
the RSUs hereunder shall impose any obligation on the Company or any of its Affiliates to continue the employment or engagement of the Participant. Further, the Company or any of its Affiliates (as applicable) may at any time terminate the
employment or engagement of the Participant, free from any liability or claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 

11.No Rights as a Stockholder. The Participants interest in the RSUs shall not entitle the Participant to any rights as a
stockholder of the Company. The Participant shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or have any of the rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of, the Shares unless and until such Shares have been issued to the Participant
in accordance with Section 13. 

12.Adjustments Upon Change in Capitalization. The terms of this Agreement, including
the RSUs, the Participants Unit Account, any Dividend Equivalents, and/or the Shares, shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. This paragraph shall also apply with respect to any extraordinary dividend or
other extraordinary distribution in respect of the Companys Common Stock (whether in the form of cash or other property). In the event of an equity restructuring, the Committee shall adjust any Performance Condition to the extent it is
affected by such restructuring in order to preserve (without enlarging) the likelihood that such Performance Condition shall be satisfied. The manner of such adjustment shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. For this purpose,
equity restructuring shall mean an equity restructuring as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 718-10 (formerly Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards 123R). 

13. Settlement and Issuance of Shares; Tax Withholding. 

(a) The Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within two and
one-half months of the applicable vesting date or such earlier time provided in Section 4), issue the Share underlying such vested RSU to the Participant, free and clear of all restrictions, less a number
of Shares equal to or greater in value than the minimum amount necessary to satisfy federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax requirements, if any (but which may in no event be greater than the maximum statutory withholding amounts in the
Participants jurisdiction) (the Withholding Taxes) in accordance with Section 16(d) of the Plan (except to the extent the Participant shall have a written agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates under which
the Company or an Affiliate of the Company is responsible for payment of taxes with respect to the issuance of the Shares, in which case the full number of Shares shall be issued). To the extent any Withholding Taxes may become due prior to the
settlement of any RSUs, the Committee may accelerate the vesting of a number of RSUs equal in value to the Withholding Taxes, the Shares delivered in settlement of such RSUs shall be delivered to the Company, and the number of RSUs so accelerated
shall reduce the number of RSUs which would otherwise become vested on the next applicable vesting date. The number of RSUs or Shares equal to the Withholding Taxes shall be determined using the closing price per Share on the New York Stock Exchange
(or other principal exchange on which the Shares then trade) on the trading day immediately prior to the date of delivery of the Shares to the Participant or the Company, as applicable, and shall be rounded up to the nearest whole RSU or Share. 

(b) The Company shall pay any costs incurred in connection with issuing the Shares. Upon the issuance of the Shares to the
Participant, the Participants Unit Account shall be eliminated. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to issue or transfer the Shares as contemplated by this Agreement unless and until
such issuance or transfer shall comply with all relevant provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Companys shares are listed for trading. 

14.Award Subject to Plan. By entering into this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has
received and read a copy of the Plan. The RSUs granted hereunder are subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between
any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 

15.Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or
invalid for any reason, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected by such holding and shall continue in full force in accordance with their terms. 

16. Governing Law; Arbitration and Venue. 

(a) This Agreement, and the Plan with respect to Participants participation in the Plan with respect to this Agreement,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Texas, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, except that
any actions with respect to the matters set forth in Appendix A shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state where the Participant primarily performed services. 

(b) Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
the breach of this Agreement (other than a controversy or claim arising with respect to the matters set forth in Appendix A, to the extent necessary for the Company (or other member of the Company Group, where applicable) to avail itself of the
rights and remedies referred to therein) that is not resolved by Participant and the Company (or other member of the Company Group, where applicable) through good-faith negotiations shall be submitted to arbitration in Dallas, Texas and the
employment arbitration rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association, before an arbitrator experienced in employment and compensation disputes who is licensed to practice law in the State of Texas. The determination of the arbitrator
shall be conclusive and binding on the Company (or other member of the Company Group, where applicable) and Participant (or its heirs, beneficiaries or assigns, where applicable) and judgment may be entered on the arbitrator(s) award in any
court having component jurisdiction. Each of the Participant, the Company, and any transferees who hold RSUs pursuant to a valid assignment hereby irrevocably waives (a) any objections which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the
venue of any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Texas; (b) any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has
been brought in any inconvenient forum; and (c) any right to a jury trial. With respect to the matters set forth in Appendix A, any dispute shall be brought in the federal or state courts of the state where the Participant primarily performed
services. 

17.Successors in Interest. Any successor to the Company shall have the benefits of the Company under, and be
entitled to enforce, this Agreement. Likewise, the Participants legal representative shall have the benefits of the Participant under, and be entitled to enforce, this Agreement. All obligations imposed upon the Participant and all rights
granted to the Company under this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participants heirs, executors, administrators and successors. 

18. Data Privacy Consent. 

(a) General. The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in
electronic or other form, of the Participants personal data as described in this Agreement and any other RSU grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Participants employer or contracting party (the Employer)
and the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant,
including, but not limited to, the Participants name, home address and telephone number, work location and phone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, hire date, any
shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all awards or any other entitlement to shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participants favor, for the purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan (Personal Data). 

(b) Use of Personal Data; Retention. The
Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, now or in the future, that these recipients may be located in the Participants
country or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participants country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of
any potential recipients of the Personal Data by contacting the Participants local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal

Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Personal Data
will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Personal Data, request additional information
about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Participants local human resources
representative. 

(c) Withdrawal of Consent. The Participant understands that the Participant is providing the
consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participants consent, the Participants employment status or service and career with the Employer will not
be adversely affected; the only consequence of the Participants refusing or withdrawing the Participants consent is that the Company would not be able to grant RSUs or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such
awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participants consent may affect the Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participants refusal
to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the Participants local human resources representative. 

19.Restrictive Covenants. The Participant acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the
Company and its Affiliates, that the Participant will be allowed access to confidential and proprietary information (including, but not limited to, trade secrets) about those businesses, as well as access to the prospective and actual customers,
suppliers, investors, clients and partners involved in those businesses, and the goodwill associated with the Company and its Affiliates. Participant accordingly agrees to the provisions of Appendix A to this Agreement (the Restrictive
Covenants). For the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants contained in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other restrictive covenants or similar covenants or agreements between the Participant and the
Company or any of its Affiliates. 

20.Limitation on Rights; No Right to Future Grants; Extraordinary Item of Compensation.
By accepting this Agreement and the grant of the RSUs contemplated hereunder, the Participant expressly acknowledges that (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be suspended or terminated
by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the grant of RSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs,
even if RSUs have been granted in the past; (c) all determinations with respect to future grants of RSUs, if any, including the grant date, the number of Shares granted and the applicable vesting terms, will be at the sole discretion of the
Company; (d) the Participants participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the value of the RSUs is an extraordinary item of compensation that is outside the scope of the Participants employment contract, if any, and nothing can or
must automatically be inferred from such employment contract or its consequences; (f) grants of RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and are not to be used for calculating any
severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, the Participant waives any claim on such basis, and for the avoidance of doubt, the RSUs shall not
constitute an acquired right under the 

applicable law of any jurisdiction; and (g) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, the Participant understands,
acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will have no rights to compensation or damages related to RSU proceeds in consequence of the termination of the Participants employment for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of
contract. 

21.Award Administrator. The Company may from time to time designate a third party (an Award
Administrator) to assist the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan and any RSUs granted thereunder, including by sending award notices on behalf of the Company to Participants, and by facilitating through
electronic means acceptance of RSU Agreements by Participants. 

22. Section 409A of the Code. 

(a) This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations promulgated
thereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee shall have the right to amend the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any respect as may be necessary or appropriate to comply with Section 409A of the Code or any regulations
promulgated thereunder, including without limitation by delaying the issuance of the Shares contemplated hereunder. 

(b)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, no payments in respect of any RSU that is deferred
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and which would otherwise be payable upon the Participants separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) shall be made to such Participant prior to
the date that is six months after the date of the Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the Participants date of death. Following any applicable six-month delay, all such
delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day. The Participant is solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties under
Section 409A of the Code that may be imposed on or in respect of the Participant in connection with this Agreement, and the Company shall not be liable to any Participant for any payment made under this Plan that is determined to result in an
additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code, nor for reporting in good faith any payment made under this Agreement as an amount includible in gross income under Section 409A of the Code. Each payment in a series of
payments hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 

23.Book Entry
Delivery of Shares. Whenever reference in this Agreement is made to the issuance or delivery of certificates representing one or more Shares, the Company may elect to issue or deliver such Shares in book entry form in lieu of certificates. 

24.Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to
current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or
electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

25.Acceptance and Agreement by the Participant. By accepting the RSUs
(including through electronic means), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in the Plan, this Agreement, and the Companys policies, as in effect from time to time, relating to the Plan. The
Participants rights under the RSUs will lapse forty-five (45) days from the Date of Grant, and the RSUs will be forfeited on such date if the Participant shall not have accepted this Agreement by such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Participants failure to accept this Agreement shall not affect the Participants continuing obligation sunder any other agreement between the Company and the Participant. 

26.No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding the Participants participation in the Plan, or the Participants acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participants own personal tax, legal and
financial advisors regarding the Participants participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

27.Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participants participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it
is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

28.Waiver. The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant or any other participant in the Plan. 

29.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an original and all of
which taken together with the Award Notice constitute one in the same agreement. 

[Signatures follow] 

INVITATION HOMES INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Acknowledged and Agreed 

as of the date first written above: 

Participant Signature 

Date: 

[Signature Page to LTIP RSU Award
Agreement] 

APPENDIX A 

Restrictive Covenants 

1. Non-Competition; Nonsolicitation. 

(a) The Participant acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Restricted Group (as defined below)
and accordingly agrees as follows: 

(i) During the Participants employment or service, as applicable, and for a
period equal to one year following the date the Participant ceases employment or service, as applicable, for any reason (the Restricted Period), the Participant will not, without the prior written consent from the Company
regarding the specific solicitations, engagements, or actions proposed, and such consent to be delivered in its sole, good faith discretion, whether on the Participants own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any person, firm,
partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or other business organization, entity or enterprise whatsoever (Person), directly or indirectly solicit or assist in soliciting in competition with the Restricted Group in the
Business the business of any then current or prospective client or customer with whom the Participant (or the Participants direct reports) had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the one-year period preceding the Participants termination of employment or service, as applicable. 

(ii) During the Restricted Period, the Participant will not, without prior written consent from the Company regarding the
specific engagement, employment, or investment proposed, and such consent to be delivered in its sole, good faith discretion, directly or indirectly: 

(A) engage in the Business in any geographical area that is within 20 miles of any geographical area where the Restricted
Group engages in the Business (or has plans to engage in the Business during the Restricted Period); 

(B) enter the
employ of, or render any services to, a Competitor, except where such employment or services do not relate to the Business; or 

(C) acquire a 10% or greater financial interest in a Competitor, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner,
shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or consultant. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Appendix A, the provisions of this Section 1 shall not restrict acquisition or ownership of any number of single family homes for personal use by the Participant or up to one hundred additional single family homes as personal
investments. 

(iv) During the Restricted Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participants own behalf or
on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly: 

(A) solicit or encourage any employee of the Restricted Group to leave the
employment of the Restricted Group; or 

(B) hire any employee of the Restricted Group who provided services to the
Restricted Group as of the date of the Participants termination of employment or service or terminated employment within six months prior to the termination of the Participants employment or service, as applicable. 

Except that Participant shall not be precluded from employing or contacting (1) any such employee who has been terminated by the Restricted Group
(including, but not limited to, any employee terminated by the Company in connection with the merger of Starwood Waypoint Homes with the Company), or (2) any person who responds to general solicitations not specifically directed at either the
Restricted Group or its respective employees. 

(v) For purposes of this Appendix A: 

(A) Business shall mean the business of acquiring controlling investments in, owning, developing, leasing,
operating or managing one unit residential real properties for rent, including single-family homes in planned unit developments and individual single family townhomes and individual residential condominium units in a
low-rise or high-rise condominium project, where such properties are located in the United States but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) any activities undertaken with the prior written consent of
the Company sought in accordance with sub-sections (a)(i) or (a)(ii), and (2) acting as a broker with respect to leasing and sale transactions. 

(B) Competitor shall mean any Person engaged in the Business in direct competition with the Company and
its Subsidiaries, but excluding any Person for which less than 10% of its revenue during its most recent fiscal year is derived from activities similar to the Business. 

(C) Restricted Group shall mean, collectively, the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(b) It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Participant and the Restricted Group consider the restrictions contained in this
Section 1 to be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Appendix A is an unenforceable restriction against the Participant,
the provisions of this Appendix A shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively,
if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Appendix A is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the
other restrictions contained herein. 

(c) The period of time during which the provisions of this Section 1 shall be in effect
shall be extended by the length of time during which the Participant is in breach of the terms hereof as determined by any court of competent jurisdiction on the Companys application for injunctive relief. 

(d) The provisions of this Section 1 shall survive the termination of the Participants employment or service for any reason 

(e) State Specific Provisions 

i. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Sections 1(a)(i) and 1(a)(ii) shall not apply to the
Participant if the Participants principal place of employment or the state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of California. 

ii. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participants principal place of employment or the
state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Colorado: (a) Section 1(a)(1) shall only apply to the extent the Participant earns, both at the time this Agreement is entered
into and at the that this Agreement is enforced an amount of annualized cash compensation equivalent to or greater than 60% of the threshold amount ($76,254.60 in 2025) for highly compensated workers as determined by the Colorado Department of Labor
and Employment at the time this Agreement is entered into and at the time of enforcement, and such activities will involve the inevitable use of, or near-certain influence by the Participants knowledge of, trade secrets, as defined by
Colorados Uniform Trade Secrets Act (C.R.S. 7-74-101, et seq.), disclosed to the Participant during the course of their employment with the Employer or any
Subsidiary; and (b) Section 1(a)(2) shall only apply to the extent the Participant earns, both at the time this Agreement is entered into and at the that this Agreement is enforced an amount of annualized cash compensation equivalent to or
greater than the threshold amount ($127,091 in 2025) for highly compensated workers as determined by the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment at the time this Agreement is entered into and at the time of enforcement, and such activities will
involve the inevitable use of, or near-certain influence by the Participants knowledge of, trade secrets, as defined by Colorados Uniform Trade Secrets Act (C.R.S. 
7-74-101, et seq.), disclosed to the Participant during the course of their employment with the Employer or any Subsidiary. 

iii. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participants principal place of employment or the
state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Illinois: (a) Section 1(a)(i) shall only apply if Participants annualized earnings exceed $45,000 (or such other amount
as defined by or as required by Illinois law); and (b) Section 1(a)(ii) shall only apply if Participants annualized earnings exceed $75,000 (or such other amount as defined by or as required by Illinois law). The Participant further
acknowledge that the Participant has been provided with 14 days of notice to consider this Agreement. 

iv. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Section 1(a)(ii) shall not apply to the Participant if
the Participants principal place of employment or the state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Minnesota. 

v. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participants principal place of employment or the
state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Washington, Section 1(a)(2) shall only apply to the extent the Participants annualized earnings exceed $116,593.18 (or such
other amount as defined by or as required by Washington law). If Participants services are terminated as a result of a layoff, the Company at its option (including based on a determination by the Company in its discretion that additional
consideration is required by applicable law to render the covenant not-to-compete in Section 1(a)(2) enforceable), may elect to enforce the covenant not-to-compete contained in Section 1(a)(2) by making additional payments to Participant at a rate of up to Participants base salary at the time of termination for
the period of enforcement minus compensation earned by Participant through subsequent service during the period of enforcement. 

2. Confidentiality; Intellectual Property. 

(a) Confidentiality. 

(i) The Participant will not at any time (whether during or after the Participants employment or engagement, as
applicable) (x) retain or use for the benefit, purposes or account of the Participant or any other Person; or (y) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any Person outside the Company and its
Affiliates (other than its professional advisers who are bound by confidentiality obligations, lenders and partners or otherwise in performance of the Participants employment or engagement duties), any proprietary and non-public/confidential information (including without limitation trade secrets, know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae,
technology, designs and other intellectual property, information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel, compensation, recruiting, training,
advertising, sales, marketing, promotions, government and regulatory activities and approvals) concerning 

the past, current or future business, activities and operations of the Restricted Group (Confidential Information) without the prior written authorization of the board of
directors of the Company; provided, however, that the conscious awareness of any Confidential Information (as opposed to the physical possession of documentary Confidential Information) by the Participant, and the Participants
consideration of such information in connection with the Participants pursuit or evaluation of, involvement with or participation in, any project or activity that is not prohibited by this Appendix A shall be deemed not to constitute a breach
of Section 2(a)(i)(x) or Section 2(a)(iv)(x) in any manner whatsoever, unless such Participants use of such Confidential Information has an objective and detrimental impact on the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(ii) Confidential Information shall not include any information that is (x) generally known to the industry
or the public other than as a result of the Participants breach of this covenant; (y) made legitimately available to the Participant by a third party without breach of any confidentiality obligation of which the Participant has knowledge
(it being understood that any information made available by an employee, officer or director of the Company Group shall not be protected by this exclusion); or (z) required by law to be disclosed; provided, that with respect to
subsection (z) the Participant shall give prompt written notice to the Company of such requirement and reasonably cooperate with any attempts by the Company to obtain a protective order or similar treatment. 

(iii) Except as required by law, the Participant will not disclose to anyone, other than the Participants family (it
being understood that, in this Appendix A, the term family refers to the Participant, the Participants spouse, minor children, parents and spouses parents) and legal or financial advisors, the existence or contents of this
Agreement; provided, that the Participant may disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of Sections 1 and 2 of this Appendix A; provided, further, that any such employer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of
such terms. This Section 2(a)(iii) shall terminate if any member of the Company Group publicly discloses a copy of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or this Appendix A (or, if any member of the Company Group publicly discloses summaries or
excerpts of the Subscription Agreement or this Appendix A, to the extent so disclosed). 

(iv) Upon termination of the
Participants employment or service for any reason, the Participant shall (x) except as otherwise provided herein, cease and not thereafter commence use of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including without
limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, logo, domain name or other source indicator) owned or used by any member of the Restricted Group; (y) immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at
the Companys option and expense, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters and other data) in the Participants possession or control (including any of the foregoing
stored or located in the Participants office, home, laptop or other computer, whether or not Company property) that contain Confidential Information, except that the Participant may retain only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks
and diaries that do not contain any Confidential Information; and (z) notify and reasonably cooperate with the Company regarding the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential Information of which the Participant is or becomes aware.

(b) Intellectual Property. 

(i) If the Participant creates, invents, designs, develops, contributes to or improves any works of authorship, inventions,
intellectual property, materials, documents or other work product (including, without limitation, research, reports, software, databases, systems, applications, presentations, textual works, content, or audiovisual materials), either alone or with
third parties, at any time during the Participants employment or engagement and within the scope of such employment or engagement and with the use of any the Companys resources (the Company Works), the Participant
shall promptly and fully disclose the same to the Company and hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and conveys, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all rights and intellectual property rights therein (including rights under patent,
industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade secret, unfair competition and related laws) to the Company to the extent ownership of any such rights does not vest originally in the Company. 

(ii) The Participant shall take all requested actions and execute all requested documents (including any licenses or
assignments required by a government contract) at the Companys expense (but without further remuneration) to assist the Company in validating, maintaining, protecting, enforcing, perfecting, recording, patenting or registering any of the
Companys rights in the Company Works. If the Company is unable for any other reason, to secure the Participants signature on any document for this purpose, then the Participant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and
its duly authorized officers and agents as the Participants agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in the Participants behalf and stead to execute any documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts required in connection with
the foregoing. 

(iii) The provisions of Section 2 hereof shall survive the termination of the Participants
employment or engagement, in either case, for any reason. 

(c) Protected Rights. Nothing contained in this Agreement or any other
plan, policy, agreement, or code of conduct or similar arrangement of the Company Group, limits Participants ability to (i) disclose any information to governmental agencies or commissions as may be required by law, (ii) file a
charge or complaint with, or communicate or cooperate with, any U.S. federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission (a Governmental Entity), or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be
conducted by a Governmental Entity with respect to possible violations of any U.S. federal, state or local law or regulation, or otherwise make disclosures to any Governmental Entity, in each case, that are protected under the whistleblower
provisions of any such law or regulation, provided that in each case all such charges, complaints, communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law, or (iii) receive an award from a Governmental Entity for information provided
under any whistleblower program, including the Participants right to seek and obtain a whistleblower award for providing information relating to a possible securities law violation to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

3.Specific Performance. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Companys remedies at law for a breach or
threatened breach of Section 1 or 2 of this Appendix A may be inadequate and the Company may suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach. In recognition of this fact, the Participant agrees that, in the event of a Restrictive Covenant
Violation, in addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, shall be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction or any other
equitable remedy which may then be available.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d925617dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

AWARD NOTICE 

AND

LTIP UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

(20[] LTIP Unit Award Agreement) 

INVITATION HOMES INC. 

2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Participant has been granted LTIP Units with the terms set forth in this Award Notice, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan
and the LTIP Unit Award Agreement entered into by and between the Participant and the Company to which this Award Notice is attached. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Notice shall have the meanings set forth in the LTIP Unit
Award Agreement and the Plan, as applicable. 

Participant: 

[ ]

Date of Grant: 

[ ], 20[]

Vesting Start Date: 

[ ], 20[]

Time Vesting LTIP Units Granted: 

[ ]

Performance Vesting (Target) LTIP Units Granted: 

[ ], consisting of: 

[ ] Tranche I Performance Vesting (Target) LTIP Units 

[ ] Tranche II Performance Vesting (Target) LTIP Units 

1. Issuance of LTIP Units. 

(a) Award. The Operating Partnership hereby issues to the Participant the number of LTIP Units set forth above. This Award represents
the right to: (i) vest in a number of Time Vesting LTIP Units upon the terms set forth herein, (ii) earn and vest in a number of Performance Vesting LTIP Units based on achievement of the Performance Conditions set forth below with respect
to the Performance Period specified below and application of the TSR Modifier Factor (as defined below), but subject to application of the Value Cap (as defined below), and (iii) as described in Section 7 of the LTIP Unit Award Agreement,
receive a payment (in the form as elected by the Committee in its sole discretion) equal to the dividends declared by the Company during the Performance Period with respect to a number of LTIP Units that become vested in accordance with this
agreement, in each case, subject to the performance, vesting, payment, forfeiture and other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

(b) Issuance of LTIP Units. If not already a Partner, the Operating Partnership hereby admits the Participant as a Partner of the
Operating Partnership on the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Partnership Agreement. The Operating Partnership and the Participant acknowledge and agree that the LTIP Units are hereby issued to the Participant for the
performance of services to or for the benefit of the Operating Partnership in his or her capacity as a Partner or in anticipation of the Participant becoming a Partner. Upon receipt of the Award, the Participant shall, automatically and without
further action on his or her part, be deemed to be a party to, signatory of and bound by the Partnership Agreement. At the request of the Partnership, the Participant shall execute the Partnership Agreement or a joinder or counterpart signature page
thereto. The Participant acknowledges that the Partnership may from time to time issue or cancel (or otherwise modify) LTIP Units and/or other equity interests in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement. The Award shall have the
rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption and conversion set forth herein, in the Plan and in the Partnership Agreement. 

2. Vesting.

(a) Time Vesting LTIP Units. The Time Vesting LTIP Units shall vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of
the Vesting Start Date, subject to the Participants continued employment through the applicable vesting date; provided, that if the number of LTIP Units specified above is not evenly divisible by three, then no fractional units shall vest and
the installments shall be as equal as possible with the smaller installments vesting first. 

(b) Performance Vesting LTIP Units.
The Performance Vesting LTIP Units will become earned (Earned Units) based on the achievement of the Performance Conditions set forth below with respect to the Performance Period specified below and application of the TSR Modifier
Factor, but subject to application of the Value Cap (as defined below). 

(i) Performance Conditions. The number of
Performance Vesting LTIP Units in each tranche that become Earned Units shall be based on the achievement of the Performance Conditions set forth below applicable to such tranche and application of the TSR Modifier Factor. The number of Performance
Vesting LTIP Units earned in respect of such tranche shall be equal to the sum of (A) the product of (x) the target number of Performance Vesting LTIP Units in such tranche multiplied by (y) the applicable Percentage of Award
Earned for such tranche (calculated in accordance with 2(b)(ii)) (such product, the Unmodified Earned LTIP Units) plus (B) the product of (x) the Unmodified Earned LTIP Units multiplied by (y) the TSR
Modifier Factor. 

Tranche 

Performance Condition 

Performance Period 

Threshold

Level of

Achievement 

Target Level

of

Achievement 

Maximum Level

of Achievement

Tranche I INVH TSR Relative to RMS Index CAGR January 1, 20[] December 31, 20[] [] percentage [] percentage [] percentage

Tranche II Same Store NOI Growth CAGR January 1, 20[] December 31, 20[] []% []% []%

(ii) Calculation of Number of Unmodified Earned LTIP Units. Following the last day of
the Performance Period, the Committee shall calculate the Percentage of Award Earned with respect to each tranche, based on the percentages specified below. If actual performance with respect to any tranche is between Threshold and the
Target or the Target and Maximum levels of achievement, the Percentage of Award Earned shall be determined using linear interpolation (and rounded to the nearest whole percentage point) between such numbers. In
the event that actual performance does not meet the Threshold Level of Achievement with respect to any tranche, the Percentage of Award Earned with respect to such tranche shall be zero. All determinations with respect to whether and the
extent to which a Performance Condition has been achieved shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and the applicable Performance 

Conditions shall not be achieved and the applicable Performance Vesting LTIP Units shall not become Unmodified Earned LTIP Units until the Committee certifies in writing the extent to which such
Performance Conditions have been met. In addition, all determinations with respect to the calculation of the TSR Modifier Factor shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and the Committee shall certify in writing the final calculation
of the TSR Modifier Factor prior to determining the number of Unmodified Earned LTIP Units that become Earned Units. 

Level of Achievement Percentage of Award Earned

Prior to Application of TSR

Modifier Factor

Below Threshold 0%

Threshold 50%

Target 100%

Maximum 200%

Above Maximum 200%

(iii) Calculation of TSR Modifier Factor. Following the last day of the Performance
Period, the Committee shall calculate the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period to determine the percentage, if any, by which the number of Earned Units will be modified based on the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period (such percentage, the
TSR Modifier Factor): 

(A) If the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period is []% or less, then the TSR Modifier
Factor shall be 0%. 

(B) If the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period is []% or more, then the TSR Modifier Factor shall be 50%.

If the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period falls between []% and []%, then the TSR Modifier Factor shall be determined using linear
interpolation (and rounded to the nearest whole percentage point). For example, if the Modifier TSR for the Performance Period is []%, then the TSR Modifier Factor shall be 25%. Following determination of the TSR Modifier Factor, the number of
Earned LTIP Units will be calculated as set forth in Section 2(b). 

(iv) Limitation on Number of Earned LTIP
Units. The maximum dollar value of Earned LTIP Units on the Determination Date cannot exceed the product of (x) 300% of the target number of Performance Vesting LTIP Units granted hereunder multiplied by (y) $55.00 (such product, the
Value Cap). In the event that the dollar value of the Earned LTIP Units exceeds the Value Cap, the number of Earned LTIP Units will be reduced to the greatest whole number of Earned LTIP Units that have an aggregate dollar value
based on the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Determination Date that is as near as practicable to the Value Cap, with all Earned LTIP Units exceeding the Value Cap being forfeited for no consideration. 

(v) Unvested LTIP Units Forfeited. Any Performance Vesting LTIP Units which do not become Earned LTIP Units based on
actual performance during the Performance Period shall be forfeited as of the last day of the Performance Period, except to the extent set forth in the LTIP Unit Award Agreement. 

3.Vesting of Earned Units. Any Performance Vesting LTIP Units that become
Earned Units shall become vested on the Determination Date for the Performance Period. 

Please contact [***] if you have questions or need
to transact on your LTIP Units. 

4. Definitions. For the purposes of this Award Notice: 

(a) Beginning Share Price with respect to the Performance Period shall mean the 20 day trailing average closing stock price
as of (but excluding) the first day of the Performance Period (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan). 

(b)
CAGR shall mean compounded annual growth rate, and shall be expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent 0.1%) and shall be calculated for a performance period using the following formula: 

(c) Determination Date shall mean, with respect to the Performance Period, the date the
Performance Conditions and the TSR Modifier Factor for such Performance Period are certified by the Committee in writing. 

(d)
Ending Share Price with respect to the Performance Period shall mean the 20 day trailing average closing stock price through (and including) the last trading day of a Performance Period. 

(e) INVH TSR shall be calculated as the CAGR, expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent (0.1%)),
in the value per Share during the Performance Period due to the appreciation or depreciation in the price per Share and dividends paid during the Performance Period, assuming dividends are reinvested on their respective ex-dividend dates, and calculated using the Beginning Share Price and the Ending Share Price. 

(f)
INVH TSR Relative to RMS Index CAGR in respect of the Performance Period shall mean the INVH TSR for the Performance Period, less the RMS Index CAGR for the Performance Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the intent of the Committee is
that RMS Index CAGR over the Performance Period be calculated in a manner designed to produce a fair comparison between the INVH TSR percentage and the RMS Index CAGR for the purpose of determining INVH TSR Relative to RMS Index CAGR. 

(g) Modifier TSR means the cumulative growth rate, expressed as a percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent
(0.1%)) in the value of a Share during the Performance Period reflecting the appreciation or depreciation in the price per Share during the Performance Period, assuming dividends are reinvested on their respective
ex-dividend dates, and calculated using the following formula (where D is the ending amount of total dividends paid to a shareholder of record with respect to one Share during the Performance
Period reinvested): 

Ending Share Price + D - Beginning Share Price

Beginning Share Price 

(h) RMS Index CAGR shall be calculated as the CAGR, expressed as a
percentage (rounded to the nearest tenth of a percent (0.1%)), in the value of the MSCI US REIT Index during the Performance Period due to the appreciation or depreciation in the index during the Performance Period, but using (x) the 20 day
trailing average closing price of the index as of (but excluding) the first day of the Performance Period and (y) the 20 day trailing average closing price of the index through (and including) the last trading day of a Performance Period. 

(i) Same Store NOI Growth means net operating income for an identified population of homes as set forth in the
Companys annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC in respect of the actual Performance Period. 

LTIP UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

(20[] GRANT)

INVITATION HOMES INC. 

2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

This LTIP Unit Award Agreement, effective as of the Date of Grant (as defined below), is by and among Invitation Homes Inc., a Maryland
corporation (the Company or INVH), Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership) and the Participant (as defined below). 

WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Invitation Homes Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as it may be amended, the
Plan) in order to provide additional incentives to selected officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company Group; and 

WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the Plan) responsible for administration of the Plan has determined to grant the Award to the
Participant as provided herein and the Company, the Operating Partnership and the Participant hereby wish to memorialize the terms and conditions applicable to such Award. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.Definitions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Plan or the Award Notice,
as applicable. The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Agreement
shall mean this LTIP Unit Award Agreement including (unless the context otherwise requires) the Award Notice and Appendix A. 

(b)
Award shall mean this LTIP Unit Award. 

(c) Award Notice shall mean the notice to the Participant
attached to this Agreement. Agreement. 

(d) Capital Account shall have the meaning set forth in the Partnership 

(e) Constructive Termination shall have the meaning set forth in any 

employment agreement, or if no such agreement exists, the meaning set forth in any other agreement providing for severance benefits (including a participation
notice under the Companys Executive Severance Plan) entered into by the Participant and a member of the Company Group, as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, or, if no such agreement exists at the time of a termination
of employment or service, (i) a material reduction in the Participants total compensation opportunity (measured as base salary, target annual bonus opportunity, and target long-term cash incentive opportunity in the aggregate) other than
in connection with an across-the-board reduction of compensation which does not exceed 10% of the Participants base salary and that is applied to all senior
executives of the Company; or (ii) a relocation of the Participants principal place of employment by more than 50 

miles; provided that any event described in clause (i) or (ii) above shall not constitute a
Constructive Termination unless the Company fails to cure such event within 30 days after receipt from the Participant of written notice of the event which otherwise would constitute Constructive Termination; and provided, further, that
Constructive Termination shall cease to exist for an event on the 60th day following the Participants knowledge thereof, unless the Participant has given the Board written notice
thereof prior to such date. 

(f) Date of Grant shall mean the Date of Grant listed in the Award Notice.

(g) Detrimental Activity shall mean the Participants (i) willful or repeated failure or refusal to perform
such duties which results in demonstrable material harm to the Company Group, following written notice from the Committee and ten days opportunity to cure; (ii) conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, (A) any felony; or (B) any
other crime that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, material harm to the business or reputation of the Company or any other member of the Company Group; (iii) fraud or misappropriation, embezzlement or misuse of funds or
property belonging to the Company or any other member of the Company Group; or (iv) act of personal dishonesty that involves personal profit in connection with the Participants employment or service to the Service Recipient. 

(h) General Partner shall have the meaning set forth in the Partnership 

Agreement. 

(i) Participant
shall mean the Participant listed in the Award Notice. 

(j) Partner shall have the meaning set forth in the
Partnership Agreement. 

(k) Partnership Agreement means the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
the Operating Partnership, dated as of August 9, 2017, as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time. 

(l)
Performance Period shall mean the Performance Period set forth in the Award Notice. 

(m)
Qualifying Termination shall mean the Participants employment or service, as applicable, with the Company Group is terminated by the Company Group without Cause, or is terminated by the Participant following a Constructive
Termination. 

(n) Restrictive Covenant Violation shall mean the Participants breach of the Restrictive Covenants
listed on Appendix A or any covenant regarding confidentiality, competitive activity, solicitation of the Companys vendors, suppliers, customers, or employees, or any similar provision applicable to or agreed to by the Participant. 

(o) Retirement shall mean the Participants voluntary resignation from employment, other than while grounds for
Cause exist, when (x) the Participants age is at least 55 years old, (y) the Participants Years of Service is at least ten years, and (z) the sum of the Participants age and years of service is at least 65.

(p) LTIP Units shall mean that number of LTIP Units listed in the Award
Notice as LTIP Units Granted. 

(q) Share shall mean a share of the Companys Common Stock. 

(r) Years of Service shall mean the number of full months (converted to years) of employment and other business
relationships with the Company and its predecessors. 

2. Grant of Units. 

(a) The Company hereby grants the LTIP Units to the Participant (all or a portion of which that are Performance-Vesting LTIP Units may become
Earned Units), subject to and in accordance with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan, the Award Notice, and this Agreement. 

(b) The Participant acknowledges and represents that Participant has been advised by the Company and the Operating Partnership that: 

(i) the offer and sale of the LTIP Units have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act); 

(ii) the LTIP Units must be held indefinitely and the Participant must continue to
bear the economic risk of the investment in the LTIP Units unless the offer and sale of such LTIP Units are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and all applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available
(or as otherwise provided in the Partnership Agreement); 

(iii) there is no established market for the LTIP Units and it
is not anticipated that there will be any public market for the LTIP Units in the foreseeable future; 

(iv) a restrictive
legend in the form set forth below, and such as may be determined by the Company and/or the Operating Partnership pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, shall be placed on the certificates, if any, representing the LTIP Units: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN REPURCHASE OPTIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN AN AWARD
AGREEMENT WITH THE ISSUER, AS AMENDED AND MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED BY THE HOLDER HEREOF AT THE ISSUERS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS WITHOUT CHARGE; and 

(v) a notation shall be made in the appropriate records of the Operating Partnership indicating that the LTIP Units are
subject to restrictions on transfer and, if the Operating Partnership should at some time in the future engage the services of a securities transfer agent, appropriate stop-transfer instructions will be issued to such transfer agent with respect to
the LTIP Units. 

(c) The Participant represents and warrants that: 

(i) The Participants financial situation is such that the Participant can afford to bear the economic risk of holding
the LTIP Units for an indefinite period of time, has adequate means for providing for the Participants current needs and personal contingencies, and can afford to suffer a complete loss of the Participants investment in the LTIP Units;

(ii) The Participants knowledge and experience in financial and business matters are such that the Participant is
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the LTIP Units; 

(iii) The Participant understands that
the LTIP Units are a speculative investment which involves a high degree of risk of loss of the Participants investment therein, there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the LTIP Units and, on the Date of Grant and for an
indefinite period following the Date of Grant, there will be no public market for the LTIP Units and, accordingly, it may not be possible for the Participant to liquidate the Participants investment in case of emergency, if at all; 

(iv) The Participant understands and has taken cognizance of all the risk factors related to the purchase of the LTIP Units
and, other than as set forth in this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement, no representations or warranties have been made to the Participant or the Participants representatives concerning the LTIP Units or the Company or the Operating
Partnership, or their prospects or other matters; 

(v) The Participant has been given the opportunity to examine all
documents and to ask questions of, and to receive answers from, the Company and its representatives concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Partnership Agreement, the Companys organizational documents and the terms and conditions of
the receipt of the LTIP Units and to obtain any additional information which the Participant deems necessary; and 

(vi)
The Participant is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. 

(d) Section 83(b)
Election. Within 10 days after the Date of Grant, the Participant shall provide the Company with a copy of a completed election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder
in the forms of Exhibit A hereto. The Participant shall timely (within 30 days of the Date of Grant) file (via certified mail, return receipt requested) such election with the Internal Revenue Service and shall thereafter notify the Company that the
Participant has made such timely filings. The Participant should consult Participants tax advisor regarding the consequences of Section 83(b) elections, as well as the receipt, vesting, holding and sale of LTIP Units.

3.Capital Account. The Participant shall make no contribution of capital to
the Operating Partnership in connection with the Award and, as a result, the Participants Capital Account balance in the Operating Partnership immediately after its receipt of the LTIP Units shall be equal to zero, unless the Participant was a
Partner in the Operating Partnership prior to such issuance, in which case the Participants Capital Account balance shall not be increased as a result of its receipt of the LTIP Units. 

4.Vesting. The LTIP Units shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth on the Award Notice. 

5. Termination of Employment. 

(a) In the event that the Participants employment or service, as applicable, with the Company Group terminates for any reason, any
unvested LTIP Units shall be forfeited and all of the Participants rights hereunder with respect to such unvested LTIP Units shall cease as of the effective date of termination (the Termination Date) (unless otherwise
provided for by the Committee in accordance with the Plan or this Agreement). 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a
Qualifying Termination, subject to the Participants execution and non-revocation of the Companys standard form of release of claims: 

(i) The next installment of Time Vesting LTIP Units which could become vested in accordance with the Award Notice, and all
Earned Units outstanding under this Agreement, shall become vested. 

(ii) With respect to any Performance Vesting LTIP
Units for which the Performance Period has not been completed, a prorated portion of the Performance Vesting LTIP Units will remain outstanding and eligible to vest based on actual performance on the last day of the Performance Period, with such
proration based on the number of days the Participant was employed during the Performance Period, relative to the total number of days in the Performance Period. Any Performance Vesting LTIP Units which become Earned Units following the
Determination Date shall become vested on the Determination Date 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Participants
employment or service with the Company Group is terminated by the Company Group following the Participants death or during the Participants Disability, subject to the Participants or executors execution and non-revocation of the Companys standard form of release of claims: 

(i) the Time
Vesting LTIP Units and any Earned Units outstanding under this Agreement shall become vested as of the Termination Date. 

(ii) With respect to any Performance Vesting LTIP Units for which the Performance Period has not been completed, a prorated
portion of the Performance Vesting LTIP Units will remain outstanding and eligible to be earned based on actual performance on the last day of the Performance Period, with such proration based on the number of days the Participant was employed
during the Performance Period, relative to the total number of days in the Performance Period. Any LTIP Units that become Earned Units following the Determination Date based on the prorated LTIP Units shall become fully vested on the Determination
Date. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Participants Retirement following
written notice at least six months prior to the date of the Participants resignation: 

(i) The Time Vesting LTIP
Units outstanding under this Agreement shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest so long as no Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, as determined by the Committee, or its designee, in its sole discretion, prior to the applicable vesting date.

(ii) Earned Units outstanding under this Agreement shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest so long as no
Restrictive Covenant Violation occurs, as determined by the Committee, or its designee, in its sole discretion, prior to the applicable vesting date. 

(iii) A prorated portion of the Performance Vesting LTIP Units will remain outstanding and eligible to become Earned Units,
notwithstanding the Participants Retirement, based on the extent to which the Performance Conditions are satisfied following the completion of the Performance Period, with such proration based on the number of days the Participant was employed
during the Performance Period, relative to the total number of days in the Performance Period. Any Performance Vesting LTIP Units which become Earned Units pursuant to this Section 5(d) shall become vested in accordance with
Section 5(d)(ii). 

(e) The Participants rights with respect to the Award shall not be affected by any change in the nature of
the Participants employment or service, as applicable, so long as the Participant continues to be an employee or service provider, as applicable, of the Company Group. Whether (and the circumstances under which) the Participants
employment or service, as applicable, has terminated and the determination of the Termination Date for the purposes of this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee (or, with respect to any Participant who is not a director or
officer as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, its designee, whose good faith determination shall be final, binding and conclusive; provided, that such designee may not make any
such determination with respect to the designees own employment for purposes of the Award). As a pre-condition to a Participants right to continued vesting following Retirement, the Committee, or
its designee, may require the Participant to certify in writing prior to each applicable vesting date that no Restrictive Covenant Violation has occurred. 

6. Change in Control. 

(a) Treatment of Performance Vesting LTIP Units. 

(i) Calculation of Change in Control Earned Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion,
in the event of a Change in Control during the Participants employment and prior to the completion of the Performance Period, the number of Performance Vesting LTIP Units that shall become Earned Units shall be calculated based on: 

(A) the INVH TSR and the RMS Index CAGR as measured through the date of the
Change in Control based on the closing price of a Share of the Company on the last trading day immediately prior to the Change in Control (or, if the Companys shares are not publicly traded immediately prior to the Change in Control, based on
the value of a Share as determined by the Committee based on the actual or implied price paid in the Change in Control) relative to the performance criteria set forth in the Award Notice; 

(B) the Companys actual Same Store NOI Growth CAGR measured through the most recently completed fiscal quarter relative
to the performance criteria set forth in the Award Notice; and 

(C) the TSR Modifier Factor as measured through the date
of the Change in Control. 

The number of Earned LTIP Units calculated in accordance with the foregoing (the Change in Control
Earned Units) shall not be prorated based on the number of completed days in the Performance Period. 

(ii)
Vesting of Change in Control Earned Units. Any Performance Vesting LTIP Units which become Change in Control Earned Units shall become vested as to 50% of such Change in Control Earned Units as of the date of the Change in Control, and as to
the remaining 50% of the Change in Control Earned Units on the first anniversary of the date of the Change in Control. 

(b) Certain
Terminations Following a Change in Control. Notwithstanding Section 5(a) of this Agreement, in the event of a Qualifying Termination during the 24-month period immediately following a Change in
Control, subject to the Participants execution and non-revocation of the Companys standard form of release of claims, any unvested Time Vesting LTIP Units, Earned Units, and Change in Control
Earned Units shall become vested as of the Termination Date. 

(c) Assumption of Awards. In the event of a Change in Control, in
connection with which the successor to the Company fails to assume, convert or replace the LTIP Units, the Time Vesting LTIP Units, Earned Units and the Change in Control Earned Units, to the extent not assumed, will become vested as of immediately
prior to the Change in Control. 

7. Distributions. 

(a) In addition to any LTIP Units that vest in accordance with this Agreement, the Participant shall be entitled to a payment (in the form as
elected by the Committee in its sole discretion), payable as soon as practicable after any LTIP Units become vested, but in no event later than the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the applicable vesting date, in an amount
equal to the excess of (a) the aggregate dividends declared by the Company from the Date of Grant to the applicable vesting date for the LTIP Units issued hereunder (including both ordinary and extraordinary dividends) in respect of a number of
Shares equal to the number of Time Vesting LTIP Units that are vested and the number of Performance Vesting LTIP Units that are Earned Units (the Vesting Period Dividend Equivalent), over (b) the amount of any distributions
made by the Operating Partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the Partnership Agreement to the Participant from the Date of Grant through the applicable vesting date in respect of the LTIP Units that become vested on such

vesting date. The Participant shall not be entitled to any payment under this Section 7 if either (x) the number of LTIP Units vesting on any applicable vesting date is zero, or
(y) the amount of distributions made by the Operating Partnership as described in clause (b) above is greater than the aggregate dividends declared as described in clause (a) above. To the extent the General Partner deems appropriate,
any distributions under this Section 7 shall result in a special allocation of gross income to the Participant to the extent necessary to account for the receipt of additional distributions. Any Vesting Period Dividend Equivalents granted in
connection with this Award, and any amounts that may become distributable in respect thereof, shall be treated separately from the LTIP Units and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of the designation of time and form of payments
required by Section 409A. 

(b) For purposes of the LTIP Units granted pursuant to this Agreement, the LTIP Fraction (as defined in
the Partnership Agreement) shall be 1/10. 

8.Subject to Partnership Agreement; Restrictions on Transfer. The Award and the
LTIP Units are subject to the terms of the Plan and the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer of Partnership Interests (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) set forth in Article 11 of the
Partnership Agreement. Any permitted transferee of the Award or LTIP Units shall take such Award or LTIP Units subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement, and the Partnership Agreement. Any such permitted transferee must, upon the request of
the Operating Partnership, agree to be bound by the Plan, the Partnership Agreement, and this Agreement, and shall execute the same on request, and must agree to such other waivers, limitations, and restrictions as the Operating Partnership or the
Company may reasonably require. Any transfer of the Award or LTIP Units which is not made in compliance with the Plan, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement shall be null and void and of no effect. The Participant may not assign, alienate,
pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Award or the LTIP Units except as permitted by the Partnership Agreement. 

9.Repayment of Proceeds; Clawback Policy. In the event of a Restrictive Covenant Violation or if the Participant engages in
Detrimental Activity prior to the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant, the Participant shall be required, in addition to any other remedy available (on a non-exclusive basis), to pay to the Company, within
10 business days of the Companys request to the Participant therefor, an amount equal to the aggregate after-tax proceeds the Participant received upon the sale or other disposition of, or distributions
in respect of, the LTIP Units. In addition, in the event of a restatement of the Companys financial results (other than a restatement caused by a change in applicable accounting rules or interpretations), the result of which is that the number
of LTIP Units that became Earned Units would have been a lower amount had it been calculated based on such restated results, and the Committee determines that the Participant engaged in fraud or intentional illegal conduct which materially
contributed to the need for such restatement, the Company shall be entitled to recoup from the Participant, an amount equal to the excess of the compensation received by the Participant over the amount the Participant would have been entitled to if
calculated based on the restated financial results. The amount of any request for clawback or recoupment shall take into account all amounts of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of such proceeds in the year of repayment.
The Award and all proceeds of the LTIP Units shall be subject to the Companys or the Operating Partnerships clawback policies, if any, and as in effect from time to time, to the extent any such policy is required by law. 

10.No Right to Continued Employment or Engagement. Neither the Plan nor this
Agreement nor the Participants receipt of the Award hereunder shall impose any obligation on the Company or any of its Affiliates to continue the employment or engagement of the Participant. Further, the Company or any of its Affiliates (as
applicable) may at any time terminate the employment or engagement of the Participant, free from any liability or claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 

11.Adjustments Upon Change in Capitalization. The terms of this Agreement, including the LTIP Units, any Vesting Period
Dividend Equivalents, and/or the Shares, shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. This paragraph shall also apply with respect to any extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary distribution in respect of the
Companys Common Stock (whether in the form of cash or other property). In the event of an equity restructuring, the Committee shall adjust any Performance Condition to the extent it is affected by such restructuring in order to preserve
(without enlarging) the likelihood that such Performance Condition shall be satisfied. The manner of such adjustment shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. For this purpose, equity restructuring shall mean an
equity restructuring as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 718-10.

12.Taxes. The Operating Partnership and the Participant intend that (i) the LTIP Units be treated as a profits
interest as defined in in Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 93-27, as clarified by Revenue Procedure 2001-43, (ii) the issuance of such units not be a
taxable event to the Operating Partnership or the Participant as provided in such revenue procedure, and (iii) the Partnership Agreement, the Plan and this Agreement be interpreted consistently with such intent. In furtherance of such intent,
effective immediately prior to the issuance of the LTIP Units, the Operating Partnership may revalue all Operating Partnership assets to their respective gross fair market values, and make the resulting adjustments to the Capital Accounts of the
partners, in each case as set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The Company, the Operating Partnership or any Subsidiary may withhold from the Participants wages, or require the Participant to pay to such entity, any applicable withholding
or employment taxes resulting from the issuance of the Award hereunder, from the vesting or lapse of any restrictions imposed on the Award, or from the ownership or disposition of the LTIP Units. To the extent applicable, the terms of this Agreement
will be treated as part of the Partnership Agreement for tax purposes. 

13.Award Subject to Plan. By entering into this
Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan. The Award granted hereunder (including the LTIP Units) is subject to the Plan. The LTIP Units are deemed to be OP Units under the Plan.
The terms and provisions of the Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable
terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 

14.Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected by such holding and shall continue in full force in accordance with their terms. 

15. Governing Law; Arbitration and Venue. 

(a) This Agreement, and the Plan with respect to Participants participation in the Plan with respect to this Agreement, shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Texas, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, except that any
actions with respect to the matters set forth in Appendix A shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state where the Participant primarily performed services. 

(b) Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement (other than a controversy or claim
arising with respect to the matters set forth in Appendix A, to the extent necessary for the Company or Operating Partnership (or other member of the Company Group, where applicable) to avail itself of the rights and remedies referred to therein)
that is not resolved by Participant and the Company or Operating Partnership (or other member of the Company Group, where applicable) through good-faith negotiations shall be submitted to arbitration in Dallas, Texas and the employment arbitration
rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association, before an arbitrator experienced in employment and compensation disputes who is licensed to practice law in the State of Texas. The determination of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and
binding on the Company and the Operating Partnership (or other member of the Company Group, where applicable) and Participant (or its heirs, beneficiaries or assigns, where applicable) and judgment may be entered on the arbitrator(s) award in
any court having component jurisdiction. Each of the Participant, the Company, the Operating Partnership and any transferees who hold the Award pursuant to a valid assignment hereby irrevocably waives (a) any objections which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Maryland; (b) any claim that any such suit, action, or
proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum; and (c) any right to a jury trial. 

16.Successors in Interest. Any successor to the Company and the Operating Partnership shall have the benefits of the Company and the Operating Partnership under, and be entitled to enforce, this Agreement. Likewise, the Participants legal
representative shall have the benefits of the Participant under, and be entitled to enforce, this Agreement. All obligations imposed upon the Participant and all rights granted to the Company and the Operating Partnership under this Agreement shall
be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participants heirs, executors, administrators and successors. 

17. Data Privacy
Consent. 

(a) General. The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in
electronic or other form, of the Participants personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Award grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Participants employer or contracting party (the Employer)
and the Company and the Operating Partnership for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Company and the Operating Partnership may hold
certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participants name, home address and telephone number, work location and phone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number,
salary, nationality, job title, hire date, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company or the Operating Partnership, details of all awards or any other entitlement to shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding
in the Participants favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (Personal Data). 

(b) Use of Personal Data; Retention. The Participant understands that Personal Data
may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, now or in the future, that these recipients may be located in the Participants country or elsewhere, and that the
recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participants country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the
Personal Data by contacting the Participants local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of
implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Personal Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participants
participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data or
refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Participants local human resources representative. 

(c) Withdrawal of Consent. The Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary
basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participants consent, the Participants employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only
consequence of the Participants refusing or withdrawing the Participants consent is that the Company and the Operating Partnership would not be able to grant Awards, LTIP Units or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or
maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participants consent may affect the Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of
Participants refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the Participants local human resources representative. 

18.Restrictive Covenants. The Participant acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the
Company and its Affiliates, that the Participant will be allowed access to confidential and proprietary information (including, but not limited to, trade secrets) about those businesses, as well as access to the prospective and actual customers,
suppliers, investors, clients and partners involved in those businesses, and the goodwill associated with the Company and its Affiliates. Participant accordingly agrees to the provisions of Appendix A to this Agreement (the Restrictive
Covenants). For the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants contained in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other restrictive covenants or similar covenants or agreements between the Participant and the
Company or any of its Affiliates. 

19.Limitation on Rights; No Right to Future Grants; Extraordinary Item of
Compensation. By accepting this Agreement and the grant of the Award contemplated hereunder, the Participant expressly acknowledges that (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be
suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the grant of the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Awards,
or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have been granted in the past; (c) all determinations with respect to future grants of Awards, if any, including the grant date, the number of LTIP Units granted and the applicable vesting terms,
will be at the sole discretion of the Company and the Operating Partnership; (d) the Participants participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the value of the Award is an extraordinary item of compensation that is outside the scope
of the Participants employment contract, if any, and nothing can or must automatically be inferred from such employment contract or its consequences; (f) grants of Awards, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or
expected compensation for any purpose and are not to be used for calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, the Participant waives
any claim on such basis, and for the avoidance of doubt, the Award shall not constitute an acquired right under the applicable law of any jurisdiction; and (g) the future value of the underlying LTIP Units is unknown and cannot be
predicted with certainty. In addition, the Participant understands, acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will have no rights to compensation or damages related to Award proceeds in consequence of the termination of the Participants
employment for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of contract. 

20.Award Administrator. The Company or the
Operating Partnership may from time to time designate a third party (an Award Administrator) to assist the Company or the Operating Partnership in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan and any Awards
granted thereunder, including by sending award notices on behalf of the Company or the Operating Partnership to Participants, and by facilitating through electronic means acceptance of Outperformance Award Agreements by Participants. 

21. Section 409A of the Code. 

(a) This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee shall have the right to amend the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any respect as may be necessary or appropriate to comply with Section 409A of the Code or any regulations promulgated
thereunder, including without limitation by delaying the issuance of the LTIP Units contemplated hereunder. 

(b) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, no payments in respect of any LTIP Unit that is deferred compensation subject to
Section 409A of the Code and which would otherwise be payable upon the Participants separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) shall be made to such Participant prior to the date that is six months
after the date of the Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the Participants date of death. Following any applicable six-month delay, all such delayed payments will be
paid in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day. The Participant is solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the
Code that may be imposed on or in respect of the Participant in connection with this Agreement, and the Company and the Operating 

Partnership shall not be liable to any Participant for any payment made under this Plan that is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code,
nor for reporting in good faith any payment made under this Agreement as an amount includible in gross income under Section 409A of the Code. Each payment in a series of payments hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes
of Section 409A of the Code. 

22.Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company and Operating Partnership may, in its
sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan
through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or Operating Partnership or a third party designated by the Company or Operating Partnership. 

23.Acceptance and Agreement by the Participant. By accepting the Award (including through electronic means), the Participant
agrees to be bound by the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in the Plan, this Agreement, and the Companys and the Operating Partnerships policies, as in effect from time to time, relating to the Plan. The Participants
rights under the Award will lapse forty-five (45) days from the Date of Grant, and the Award will be forfeited on such date if the Participant shall not have accepted this Agreement by such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Participants failure to accept this Agreement shall not affect the Participants continuing obligation sunder any other agreement between the Company or the Operating Partnership and the Participant. 

24.No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company and the Operating Partnership are not providing any tax, legal or financial advice,
nor is the Company or the Operating Partnership making any recommendations regarding the Participants participation in the Plan, or the Participants acquisition or sale of the underlying LTIP Units. The Participant is hereby advised to
consult with the Participants own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participants participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

25.Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company and the Operating Partnership reserve the right to impose other requirements
on the Participants participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any Shares or LTIP Units acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company or the Operating Partnership determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative
reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

26.Waiver. The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company or the Operating Partnership of breach of any provision of
this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant or any other participant in the Plan. 

27.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an original and all of
which taken together with the Award Notice constitute one in the same agreement. 

[Signatures follow] 

INVITATION HOMES INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

INVITATION HOMES OPERATING

PARTNERSHIP LP

By: Invitation Homes OP GP LLC, as General Partner

By: 

Name:

Title:

Acknowledged and Agreed as of the date first written above:

Participant Signature

Date:

[Signature Page to LTIP Unit Award Agreement] 

APPENDIX A 

Restrictive Covenants 

1. Non-Competition; Nonsolicitation. 

(a) The Participant acknowledges and recognizes the highly
competitive nature of the businesses of the Restricted Group (as defined below) and accordingly agrees as follows: 

(i)
During the Participants employment or service, as applicable, and for a period equal to one year following the date the Participant ceases employment or service, as applicable, for any reason (the Restricted Period), the
Participant will not, without the prior written consent from the Company regarding the specific solicitations, engagements, or actions proposed, and such consent to be delivered in its sole, good faith discretion, whether on the Participants
own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or other business organization, entity or enterprise whatsoever (Person), directly or indirectly solicit or
assist in soliciting in competition with the Restricted Group in the Business the business of any then current or prospective client or customer with whom the Participant (or the Participants direct reports) had personal contact or dealings on
behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the one-year period preceding the Participants termination of employment or service, as applicable. 

(ii) During the Restricted Period, the Participant will not, without prior written consent from the Company regarding the
specific engagement, employment, or investment proposed, and such consent to be delivered in its sole, good faith discretion, directly or indirectly: 

(A) engage in the Business in any geographical area that is within 20 miles of any geographical area where the Restricted
Group engages in the Business (or has plans to engage in the Business during the Restricted Period); 

(B) enter the employ
of, or render any services to, a Competitor, except where such employment or services do not relate to the Business; or 

(C) acquire a 10% or greater financial interest in a Competitor, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner,
shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or consultant. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Appendix A, the provisions of this Section 1 shall not restrict acquisition or ownership of any number of single family homes for personal use by the Participant or up to one hundred additional single family homes as personal
investments. 

(iv) During the Restricted Period, the Participant will not, whether on the Participants own behalf or
on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or indirectly: 

(A) solicit or encourage any employee of the Restricted Group to leave the
employment of the Restricted Group; or 

(B) hire any employee of the Restricted Group who provided services to the
Restricted Group as of the date of the Participants termination of employment or service or terminated employment within six months prior to the termination of the Participants employment or service, as applicable. 

Except that Participant shall not be precluded from employing or contacting (1) any such employee who has been terminated by the Restricted Group
(including, but not limited to, any employee terminated by the Company in connection with the merger of Starwood Waypoint Homes with the Company), or (2) any person who responds to general solicitations not specifically directed at either the
Restricted Group or its respective employees. 

(v) For purposes of this Appendix A: 

(A) Business shall mean the business of acquiring controlling investments in, owning, developing, leasing,
operating or managing one unit residential real properties for rent, including single-family homes in planned unit developments and individual single family townhomes and individual residential condominium units in a
low-rise or high-rise condominium project, where such properties are located in the United States but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) any activities undertaken with the prior written consent of
the Company sought in accordance with sub-sections (a)(i) or (a)(ii), and (2) acting as a broker with respect to leasing and sale transactions. 

(B) Competitor shall mean any Person engaged in the Business in direct competition with the Company and its
Subsidiaries, but excluding any Person for which less than 10% of its revenue during its most recent fiscal year is derived from activities similar to the Business. 

(C) Restricted Group shall mean, collectively, the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(b) It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Participant and the Restricted Group consider the restrictions contained in this
Section 1 to be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Appendix A is an unenforceable restriction against the Participant,
the provisions of this Appendix A shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively,
if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Appendix A is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the
other restrictions contained herein. 

(c) The period of time during which the provisions of this Section 1 shall be in effect
shall be extended by the length of time during which the Participant is in breach of the terms hereof as determined by any court of competent jurisdiction on the Companys application for injunctive relief. 

(d) The provisions of this Section 1 shall survive the termination of the Participants employment or service for any reason. 

(e) State Specific Provisions 

(i) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Sections 1(a)(i) and 1(a)(ii) shall not apply to the Participant if the
Participants principal place of employment or the state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of California. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participants principal place of employment or the state in
which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Colorado: (a) Section 1(a)(1) shall only apply to the extent the Participant earns, both at the time this Agreement is entered into and
at the that this Agreement is enforced an amount of annualized cash compensation equivalent to or greater than 60% of the threshold amount ($76,254.60 in 2025) for highly compensated workers as determined by the Colorado Department of Labor and
Employment at the time this Agreement is entered into and at the time of enforcement, and such activities will involve the inevitable use of, or near-certain influence by the Participants knowledge of, trade secrets, as defined by
Colorados Uniform Trade Secrets Act (C.R.S. 7-74-101, et seq.), disclosed to the Participant during the course of their employment with the Employer or any
Subsidiary; and (b) Section 1(a)(2) shall only apply to the extent the Participant earns, both at the time this Agreement is entered into and at the that this Agreement is enforced an amount of annualized cash compensation equivalent to or
greater than the threshold amount ($127,091 in 2025) for highly compensated workers as determined by the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment at the time this Agreement is entered into and at the time of enforcement, and such activities will
involve the inevitable use of, or near-certain influence by the Participants knowledge of, trade secrets, as defined by Colorados Uniform Trade Secrets Act (C.R.S. 
7-74-101, et seq.), disclosed to the Participant during the course of their employment with the Employer or any Subsidiary. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participants principal place of employment or the state in
which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Illinois: (a) Section 1(a)(i) shall only apply if Participants annualized earnings exceed $45,000 (or such other amount as defined
by or as required by Illinois law); and (b) Section 1(a)(ii) shall only apply if Participants annualized earnings exceed $75,000 (or such other amount as defined by or as required by Illinois law). The Participant further acknowledge
that the Participant has been provided with 14 days of notice to consider this Agreement. 

(iv) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Section 1(a)(ii)
shall not apply to the Participant if the Participants principal place of employment or the state in which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Minnesota. 

(v) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participants principal place of employment or the state in
which the Participant provides services, in each case on the Date of Grant, is located in the State of Washington, Section 1(a)(2) shall only apply to the extent the Participants annualized earnings exceed $116,593.18 (or such other
amount as defined by or as required by Washington law). If Participants services are terminated as a result of a layoff, the Company at its option (including based on a determination by the Company in its discretion that additional
consideration is required by applicable law to render the covenant not-to-compete in Section 1(a)(2) enforceable), may elect to enforce the covenant not-to-compete contained in Section 1(a)(2) by making additional payments to Participant at a rate of up to Participants base salary at the time of termination for
the period of enforcement minus compensation earned by Participant through subsequent service during the period of enforcement. 

2. Confidentiality;
Intellectual Property. 

(a) Confidentiality. 

(i) The Participant will not at any time (whether during or after the Participants employment or engagement, as
applicable) (x) retain or use for the benefit, purposes or account of the Participant or any other Person; or (y) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any Person outside the Company and its
Affiliates (other than its professional advisers who are bound by confidentiality obligations, lenders and partners or otherwise in performance of the Participants employment or engagement duties), any proprietary and non- public/confidential information (including without limitation trade secrets, know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae,
technology, designs and other intellectual property, information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel, compensation, recruiting, training,
advertising, sales, marketing, promotions, government and regulatory activities and approvals) concerning the past, current or future business, activities and operations of the Restricted Group (Confidential Information) without
the prior written authorization of the board of directors of the Company; provided, however, that the conscious awareness of any Confidential Information (as opposed to the physical possession of documentary Confidential Information)
by the Participant, and the Participants consideration of such information in connection with the Participants pursuit or evaluation of, involvement with or participation in, any project or activity that is not prohibited by this
Appendix A shall be deemed not to constitute a breach of Section 2(a)(i)(x) or Section 2(a)(iv)(x) in any manner whatsoever, unless such Participants use of such Confidential Information has an objective and detrimental impact on the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(ii) Confidential Information shall not include any information
that is (x) generally known to the industry or the public other than as a result of the Participants breach of this covenant; (y) made legitimately available to the Participant by a third party without breach of any confidentiality
obligation of which the Participant has knowledge (it being understood that any information made available by an employee, officer or director of the Company Group shall not be protected by this exclusion); or (z) required by law to be
disclosed; provided, that with respect to subsection (z) the Participant shall give prompt written notice to the Company of such requirement and reasonably cooperate with any attempts by the Company to obtain a protective order or
similar treatment. 

(iii) Except as required by law, the Participant will not disclose to anyone, other than the
Participants family (it being understood that, in this Appendix A, the term family refers to the Participant, the Participants spouse, minor children, parents and spouses parents) and legal or financial advisors, the
existence or contents of this Agreement; provided, that the Participant may disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of Sections 1 and 2 of this Appendix A; provided, further, that any such employer agrees to
maintain the confidentiality of such terms. This Section 2(a)(iii) shall terminate if any member of the Company Group publicly discloses a copy of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or this Appendix A (or, if any member of the Company Group
publicly discloses summaries or excerpts of the Subscription Agreement or this Appendix A, to the extent so disclosed). 

(iv) Upon termination of the Participants employment or service for any reason, the Participant shall (x) except as
otherwise provided herein, cease and not thereafter commence use of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including without limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, logo, domain name or
other source indicator) owned or used by any member of the Restricted Group; (y) immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the Companys option and expense, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including
memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters and other data) in the Participants possession or control (including any of the foregoing stored or located in the Participants office, home, laptop or other computer, whether or
not Company property) that contain Confidential Information, except that the Participant may retain only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks and diaries that do not contain any Confidential Information; and (z) notify and reasonably
cooperate with the Company regarding the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential Information of which the Participant is or becomes aware. 

(b) Intellectual Property. 

(i) If the Participant creates, invents, designs, develops, contributes to or improves any works of authorship, inventions,
intellectual property, materials, documents or other work product (including, without limitation, research, reports, software, databases, systems, applications, presentations, textual works, content, or audiovisual materials), either alone or with
third parties, at any time during the Participants employment or engagement and within the scope of such employment or engagement and with the use of any the Companys resources (the Company Works), the Participant
shall promptly and fully disclose the same to the Company and hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and conveys, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all rights and intellectual property rights therein (including rights under patent,
industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade secret, unfair competition and related laws) to the Company to the extent ownership of any such rights does not vest originally in the Company. 

(ii) The Participant shall take all requested actions and execute all requested documents (including any licenses or
assignments required by a government contract) at the Companys expense (but without further remuneration) to assist the Company in validating, maintaining, protecting, enforcing, perfecting, recording, patenting or registering any of the
Companys rights in the Company Works. If the Company is unable for any other reason, to secure the Participants signature on any document for this purpose, then the Participant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and
its duly authorized officers and agents as the Participants agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in the Participants behalf and stead to execute any documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts required in connection with
the foregoing. 

(iii) The provisions of Section 2 hereof shall survive the termination of the Participants
employment or engagement, in either case, for any reason. 

(c) Protected Rights. Nothing contained in this Agreement or any other
plan, policy, agreement, or code of conduct or similar arrangement of the Company Group, limits Participants ability to (i) disclose any information to governmental agencies or commissions as may be required by law, (ii) file a
charge or complaint with, or communicate or cooperate with, any U.S. federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission (a Governmental Entity), or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be
conducted by a Governmental Entity with respect to possible violations of any U.S. federal, state or local law or regulation, or otherwise make disclosures to any Governmental Entity, in each case, that are protected under the whistleblower
provisions of any such law or regulation, provided that in each case all such charges, complaints, communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law, or (iii) receive an award from a Governmental Entity for information provided
under any whistleblower program, including the Participants right to seek and obtain a whistleblower award for providing information relating to a possible securities law violation to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

3.Specific Performance. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Companys remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of
Section 1 or 2 of this Appendix A may be inadequate and the Company may suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach. In recognition of this fact, the Participant agrees that, in the event of a Restrictive Covenant Violation, in
addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, shall be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction or any other equitable remedy
which may then be available. 

Exhibit A 

ELECTION TO INCLUDE SHARES IN 

GROSS INCOME PURSUANT TO SECTION 83(b) OF THE 

INTERNAL REVENUE CODE

The undersigned acquired LTIP Units (the Units) of Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP (the
Company) on [ ], 20[] (the Transfer Date). 

The undersigned
desires to make an election to have the Units taxed under the provision of Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code 83(b)), at the time the undersigned acquired the Units. 

Therefore, pursuant to Code 83(b) and Treasury Regulation 1.83-2 promulgated thereunder,
the undersigned hereby makes an election, with respect to the Units (described below), to report as taxable income for calendar year 2025 the excess, if any, of the Units fair market value on the Transfer Date over the acquisition price
thereof. 

The following information is supplied in accordance with Treasury Regulation
1.83-2(e):

The name, address and social security number of the undersigned: 

Name: 

Address: 

SSN: 

A description of the property with respect to which the election is being made: [] Units of the Company 

The date on which the property was transferred: the Transfer Date. The taxable year for which such election is made: calendar
year 20[]. 

The restrictions to which the property is subject: The Units are subject to time and/or performance
based vesting conditions. If the undersigned ceases to be employed by Invitation Homes Inc. and its subsidiaries under certain circumstances, all or a portion of the Units may be subject to forfeiture. The Units are also subject to transfer
restrictions. 

The aggregate fair market value on the Transfer Date of the property with respect to which the election is
being made, determined without regard to any lapse restrictions: $0 

The aggregate amount paid for such property: $0 

A copy of this election has been furnished to the Secretary of the Company pursuant to Treasury Regulations
1.83-2(e)(7).

Dated: [_____], 20[] 

Name: [_____]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d925617dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Invitation Homes Promotes Tim Lobner to Chief Operating Officer 

DALLAS(BUSINESS WIRE)Invitation Homes Inc. (NYSE: INVH) (Invitation Homes or the Company) today announced the promotion of
Timothy J. Lobner to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective March 2. Charles D. Young will continue in the role of President. 

We are extremely pleased to expand the role Tim plays in the organization and at the same time position Charles to focus more closely on our long-term
strategy, including our plans for growth, said Dallas Tanner, the Companys Chief Executive Officer. For more than a decade, both of these leaders have played an integral role in ensuring Invitation Homes maintains strong, effective
operations. With this move, we continue developing our leadership to ensure both the continuity of our business and the success of our company. 

Mr. Lobner has served as Executive Vice President and Head of Field Operations for Invitation Homes since December 2023, overseeing the Companys
property management operations. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Operations Support, since January 2014. Mr. Lobner joined Invitation Homes in October 2012. From 2006 to 2012, he worked at Trammell Crow Company, the commercial
real estate development subsidiary of CBRE, where he focused on industrial, office, and retail opportunities. Before beginning his real estate career, Mr. Lobner served as a nuclear submarine officer in the United States Navy from 1999 to 2005.
He holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the United States Naval Academy and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 

About Invitation Homes: 

Invitation Homes, an S&P 500
company, is the nations premier single-family home leasing and management company, meeting changing lifestyle demands by providing access to high-quality, updated homes with valued features such as close proximity to jobs and access to good
schools. The companys mission, Together with you, we make a house a home, reflects its commitment to providing homes where individuals and families can thrive and high-touch service that continuously enhances residents living
experiences. 

Investor Relations Contact: 

Scott
McLaughlin 

844.456.INVH (4684) 

IR@InvitationHomes.com

Media Relations Contact: 

Kristi DesJarlais 

844.456.INVH (4684) 

Media@InvitationHomes.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>invh-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>invh-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>invh-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g925617dsp10.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g925617dsp35.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001687229

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Invitation Homes Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 001-38004

Entity Tax Identification Number 90-0939055

Entity Address, Address Line One 5420 LBJ Freeway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 600

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75240

City Area Code (972)

Local Phone Number 421-3600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol INVH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.invitationhomes.com//20250221/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d925617d8k.htm 
invh-20250221.xsd 
invh-20250221_lab.xml 
invh-20250221_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-035235-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d925617d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001687229 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

false 
0001687229 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
Invitation Homes Inc. 
MD 
001-38004 
90-0939055 
5420 LBJ Freeway 
Suite 600 
Dallas 
TX 
75240 
(972) 
421-3600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value 
INVH 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>