<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001096906-25-000045.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001096906-25-000045.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115171726
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-25-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sky Quarry Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001812447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				841803091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42296
		FILM NUMBER:		25533706

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		707 W. 700 S.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			WOODS CROSS
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-394-1090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		707 W. 700 S.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			WOODS CROSS
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84087
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>skyq-20250115.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SKY QUARRY INC. - FORM 8-K SEC FILING
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?SKY QUARRY INC. - Form 8-K SEC filing

0001812447--12-31false00018124472025-01-152025-01-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 

January 15, 2025 (January 9, 2025)

SKY QUARRY INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-42296 

84-1803091

(State or other 

(Commission 

(I.R.S. Employer

jurisdiction of incorporation) 

File Number) 

Identification No.)

707 W. 700 South, Suite 1

Woods Cross, UT84087

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

(424) 394-1090

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 

SKYQ 

Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Section 5 - Corporate Governance and Management

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 10, 2025, the Companys board of directors approved the appointment of Leo B. Womack as a member of the Companys board of directors, as well as to serve as a member of each of the audit committee, nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation committee and to serve as the chairman of the compensation committee. In connection with Mr. Womack joining the Companys board of directors, the Company issued Mr. Womack 83,334 restricted shares of its common stock, which shares shall vest equally over a twelve-month period, subject to Mr. Womacks continued service as a board member.

Below is a description of Mr. Womacks background:

Mr. Womack joined our board of directors on January 10, 2025. Mr. Womack has been the president and a director of Gulf Equities Realty Advisors, Inc., a diversified real estate portfolio management company, since 1986. He also serves as the chief executive officer of Ramsey Financial Group, a single-family office managing a diversified portfolio of assets for the Leo B Womack Family Trust. Mr. Womack currently serves on the board of directors of numerous private companies, where he holds varying positions that include chairman, chairman of the audit committee and audit committee member. Since 2015, Mr. Womack has served as a member of the board of directors and as the chairman of the audit committee of Petrolia Energy Corporation Inc. During his extensive business career, Mr. Womack has served on the board of directors of numerous NASDAQ and OTC public companies in the role of chair of the audit committee. Mr. Womack is licensed as a certified public accountant, a real estate broker, and previously as a securities broker and as a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Mr. Womack received a bachelor of arts from Texas A&M University. Mr. Womack brings a strong background in corporate governance and accounting and capital markets, which we believe qualifies him to serve on our board of directors and adds significant strategic, business and financial experience.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 9, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted Amended and Restated Bylaws, which revised the Companys former bylaws. The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Amended and Restated Bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors. Such summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.

Generally, the Amended and Restated Bylaws update the former bylaws, and include, among others, the following modifications: 

the Amended and Restated Bylaws add a provision setting forth certain procedures for the inclusion of stockholder proposals at annual stockholder meetings, including for the nomination of directors by stockholders; 

the Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that directors shall be elected by a plurality vote of stockholders, while the former bylaws provided that directors were elected by a majority vote; and 

the Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that special meetings of directors may be called upon 24 hours notice, while the former bylaws provided for 3 business days notice. 

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 

3.1 

Amended and Restated By-Laws

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Sky Quarry Inc.

Dated: January 15, 2025 

By: /s/David Sealock

Name:David Sealock 

Title:Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>skyq_ex3z1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS
<TEXT>
AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

SKY QUARRY INC.

(the Corporation)

Adopted on January 9, 2025

_______________________________________________________

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

1.1Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation). 

1.2Other Offices. The Corporation shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

2.1Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). 

2.2Annual Meeting. 

(a)The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders: (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting of stockholders; (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in Section 2.2(b), who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.2. 

(b)At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) Section 2.2(a), (i) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (ii) such other business must be a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL, (iii) if the stockholder, or the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice (as defined in this Section 2.2(b)), such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations voting shares required under applicable law to carry any such proposal, or, in the case 

of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a percentage of the Corporations voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice, and (iv) if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this Section 2.2(b), the stockholder or beneficial owner proposing such business or nomination must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section 2.2(b). To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to the Secretary by registered mail at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than thirty (30) days prior to or delayed by more than thirty (30) days after the anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received (i) not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the currently proposed annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) the tenth (10th) business day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first made, whichever of (i) or (ii) occurs first. In the event that an annual meeting has not been previously held, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) business day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Such stockholders notice shall set forth: (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposed to nominate for election or reelection as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act) and Rule 14a-4(d) thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (B) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, and of such beneficial owner, (ii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, and (iii) whether either such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of the proposal, at least the percentage of the Corporations voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number of holders of the Corporations voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent, a Solicitation Notice).

(c)Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 2.2(b) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Section 2.2 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 

-2-

(d)Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2 shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2. Except as otherwise provided by law, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Amended and Restated Bylaws, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded. 

(e)Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.2, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholders meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act. Nothing in these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act. 

(f)For purposes of this Section 2.2, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 

2.3Special Meetings. 

(a)Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or by the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than 50% of the votes at the meeting, and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall fix. 

(b)If a special meeting is properly called by any person or persons other than the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer or President, the request shall be in writing, specifying the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the Chief Executive Officer, President, or the Secretary of the Corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The Board of Directors shall determine the time and place of such special meeting, which shall be held not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the receipt of the request. Upon determination of the time and place of the meeting, the officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.4 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws. Nothing contained in this Section 2.3(b) shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board of Directors may be held. 

2.4Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, such notice to specify the place, if any, date and hour, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Notice of the time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof or by 

-3-

electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his attendance thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given.

2.5Quorum and Voting. At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided by statute, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, except where otherwise provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series, present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the affirmative vote of the majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of shares of such class or classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class or classes or series. 

2.6Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time either by the chairman of the meeting or by the vote of a majority of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

2.7Voting Rights. For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the Corporation on the record date, as provided in Section 2.9, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Every person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance with Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. 

2.8Joint Owners of Stock. If shares or other securities having voting power stand of record in the names of two (2) or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two (2) or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary 

-4-

and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one (1) votes, his act binds all; (b) if more than one (1) votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c) if more than one (1) votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided in Section 217(b) of the DGCL. If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of subsection (c) shall be a majority or even-split in interest.

2.9List of Stockholders. The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. The list shall be open to examination of any stockholder during the time of the meeting as provided by law. 

2.10Organization. 

(a)At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board, or, if the Chairman of the Board is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer is absent, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, shall act as chairman. 

(b)The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairman shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters which are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 

2.11Action Without Meeting. 

(a)Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required by statute to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, or by electronic transmission setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of 

-5-

votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

(b)Every written consent or electronic transmission shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent or electronic transmission shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the Corporation in the manner herein required, written consents or electronic transmissions signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 

(c)Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing or by electronic transmission and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take action were delivered to the Corporation as provided in Section 228(c) of the DGCL. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the DGCL if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written consent has been given in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 

(d)A telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for the purposes of this Section, provided that any such telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission sets forth or is delivered with information from which the Corporation can determine (i) that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was transmitted by the stockholder or proxyholder or by a person or persons authorized to act for the stockholder and (ii) the date on which such stockholder or proxyholder or authorized person or persons transmitted such telegram, cablegram or electronic transmission. The date on which such telegram, cablegram or electronic transmission is transmitted shall be deemed to be the date on which such consent was signed. No consent given by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered until such consent is reproduced in paper form and until such paper form shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a Corporations registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations on delivery, consents given by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission may be otherwise delivered to the principal place of business of the Corporation or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded if, to the extent and in the manner provided by resolution of the board of directors of the Corporation. Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing. 

-6-

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

3.1Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.2Number, Election and Term of Office. The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors from time to time. Directors must be natural persons who are 18 years of age or older but need not be residents of the State of Delaware, stockholders of the Corporation or citizens of the United States. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders in the manner set forth in Section 2.5 to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient. 

3.3Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether it will be effective at a particular time, upon receipt by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary or at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. If no such specification is made, it shall be deemed effective at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the director whose place shall be vacated and until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 

3.4Removal. Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law, the Board of Directors or any director may be removed from office at any time with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote generally to elect such director. 

3.5Vacancies. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by a sole remaining director, provided, however, that whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such directors successor shall have been elected and qualified. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under this Bylaw in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any director. 

-7-

3.6Place of Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held either within or without the State of Delaware. Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

3.7Regular Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or date which has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, including a voice-messaging system or other system designated to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means. No further notice shall be required for a regular meeting of the Board of Directors. 

3.8Special Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any director. Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, during normal business hours, at least twenty-four (24) hours before the date and time of the meeting. If notice is sent by US mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid at least three (3) days before the date of the meeting. Notice of any meeting may be waived in writing or by electronic transmission at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

3.9Quorum and Voting. Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with these Amended and Restated Bylaws; provided, however, that at any meeting, whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

3.10Organization. At every meeting of the directors, the Chairman of the Board, or, if the Chairman of the Board is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or if the Chief Executive Officer is absent, the most senior executive officer (if a director) or, in the absence of any such person, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting. 

3.11Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

3.12Fees and Compensation. Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, if so approved, by resolution of the Board 

-8-

of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor.

3.13Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate committees, each committee to consist of one or more directors of the Corporation, which committees shall have such power and authority and shall perform such functions as may be provided in such resolution. Each committee, to the extent provided in such resolution, shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, provided that no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his death or voluntary resignation from the committee or from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of any committee shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special meetings of any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends such special meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. 

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

4.1Officers Designated. As soon as practicable after the annual meeting of stockholders in each year, the Board of Directors shall elect a Chief Executive Officer, a Treasurer and a Secretary. The Board may also elect a President, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more Assistant Treasurers, or one or more Assistant Secretaries, and such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.2. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. The Board shall also elect or appoint from among the directors a person to act as Chairman of the Board who shall not be deemed to be an officer of the Corporation unless he or she has otherwise been elected or appointed as such. 

-9-

4.2Divisional and Other Officers. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power, in the exercise of his or her discretion, to appoint additional persons to hold positions and titles such as vice president of a division of the Corporation or president of a division of the Corporation, or similar such titles, as the business of the Corporation may require, subject to such limits in appointment power as the Board of Directors may determine. The Board of Directors shall be advised of any such appointment at a meeting of the Board of Directors, and the appointment shall be noted in the minutes of the meeting. The minutes shall clearly state that such persons are non-corporate officers appointed pursuant to this Section. Each such appointee shall have such title, shall serve in such capacity and shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Chief Executive Officer shall determine. Appointees may hold titles such as president of a division or other group within the Corporation, or vice president of a division or other group within the Corporation. However, any such appointee, absent specific election by the Board of Directors as an elected corporate officer, (a) shall not be considered an officer elected by the Board of Directors pursuant to this Article IV and shall not have the executive powers or authority of corporate officers elected pursuant to this Article IV and (b) shall be empowered to represent himself or herself to third parties as a divisional or group vice president or other title permitted, as applicable, only, and shall be empowered to execute documents, bind the Corporation or otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation only as authorized by the Chief Executive Officer or by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

4.3Term of Office. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

4.4Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission notice to the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract with the resigning officer. 

4.5Removal. Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office at the time, or by the unanimous written or electronic consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any committee or superior officers. 

4.6Duties of Officers. 

(a)Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Chairman, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. The Chairman shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 

(b)Chief Executive Officer. The powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer are: (i) to act as the general manager and chief executive officer of the Corporation and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, to have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation; (ii) to preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman; (iii) to call meetings of the stockholders and meetings of the Board of Directors to be held at such times and, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, at such places as he or she shall deem proper; and (iv) to affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board of Directors or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer, should be executed on behalf of the Corporation, to sign certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation, and, 

-10-

subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees of the Corporation.

(c)President. The powers and duties of the President are: (i) subject to the authority granted to the Chief Executive Officer, to act as the general manager of the Corporation and, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, to have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation; (ii) to preside at all meetings of the stockholders and Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer; and (iii) to affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board of Directors or which, in the judgment of the President, should be executed on behalf of the Corporation, to sign certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation, and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees of the Corporation. The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 

(d)Vice Presidents. The Vice Presidents may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant. The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. 

(e)Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall be subject to the direction of the Chief Executive Officer, the President and the Board of Directors and shall have day-to-day managerial responsibility for the finances of the Corporation. 

(f)Treasurer. The powers and duties of the Treasurer are: (i) to supervise and control the keeping and maintaining of adequate and correct accounts of the Corporations properties and business transactions, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, surplus and shares; (ii) to have the custody of all funds, securities, evidences of indebtedness and other valuable documents of the Corporation and, at his or her discretion, to cause any or all thereof to be deposited for the account of the Corporation with such depository as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors; (iii) to receive or cause to be received, and to give or cause to be given, receipts and acquittances for moneys paid in for the account of the Corporation; (iv) to disburse, or cause to be disbursed, all funds of the Corporation as may be directed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements; (v) to render to the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or to the Board of Directors, whenever either may require, accounts of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation; and (vi) generally to do and perform all such duties as pertain to such office and as may be required by the Board of Directors or these Amended and Restated Bylaws. The Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer may direct any Assistant Treasurer, or the Controller or any Assistant Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Treasurer in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, and each Assistant Treasurer and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Chief Financial Officer shall designate from time to time. 

(g)Secretary. The powers and duties of the Secretary are: (i) to keep a book of minutes at the principal executive office of the Corporation, or such other place as the Board of Directors may order, of all meetings of its directors and stockholders, whether regular or special, the notice thereof given, the names of those present at directors meetings, the number of shares present or represented at 

-11-

stockholders meetings and the proceedings thereof; (ii) to keep the seal of the Corporation and to affix the same to all instruments which may require it; (iii) to keep or cause to be kept at the principal executive office of the Corporation, or at the office of the transfer agent or agents, a record of the stockholders of the Corporation; (iv) to keep a supply of certificates for shares of the Corporation, to fill in and sign all certificates issued or prepare the initial transaction statement or written statements for uncertificated shares, and to make a proper record of each such issuance, provided that so long as the Corporation shall have one or more duly appointed and acting transfer agents of the shares, or any class or series of shares, of the Corporation, such duties with respect to such shares shall be performed by such transfer agent or transfer agents; (v) to transfer upon the share books of the Corporation any and all shares of the Corporation, provided that so long as the Corporation shall have one or more duly appointed and acting transfer agents of the shares, or any class or series of shares, of the Corporation, such duties with respect to such shares shall be performed by such transfer agent or transfer agents; and (vi) to make service and publication of all notices that may be necessary or proper and without command or direction from anyone. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer or President may direct any Assistant Secretary to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall designate from time to time.

4.7Salaries. The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board, if so authorized by the Board. 

4.8Employment and Other Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers or agent or agents to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name or on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. The Board of Directors may, when it believes the interest of the Corporation will best be served thereby, authorize executive employment contracts which will contain such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. 

ARTICLE V

SHARES OF STOCK

5.1Form and Execution of Certificates. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 

5.2Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. A new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The Corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance 

-12-

of a new certificate or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owners legal representative, to agree to indemnify the Corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the Corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed.

5.3Restrictions on Transfer. The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or other disposal of or encumbering of any of the shares of stock of the Corporation or any right or interest therein, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, or by gift or otherwise of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. 

5.4Registered Stockholders. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 

ARTICLE VI

GENERAL

6.1Execution of Corporate Instruments. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the Corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the Corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the Corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the Corporation or in special accounts of the Corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do. Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 

6.2Execution of Other Securities. All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the Corporation, other than stock certificates (covered in Section 5.1 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws), may be signed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any 

-13-

bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the Corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation.

6.3Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation. All stock and other securities of other corporations owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President. 

6.4Fixing Record Dates. 

(a)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

(b)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date. The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all events within ten (10) days after the date on which such a request is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within ten (10) days of the date on which such a request is received, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 

(c)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not 

-14-

precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

6.5Declaration of Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law at any regular or special meeting. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. 

6.6Dividend Reserve. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think conducive to the interests of the Corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

6.1Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. The corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the Corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

6.2Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

6.3Interpretation and Construction. Reference in these Amended and Restated Bylaws to any provision of the DGCL shall be deemed to include all amendments thereof. Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these Amended and Restated Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person. All restrictions, limitations, requirements and other provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be construed, insofar as possible, as supplemental and additional to all provisions of law applicable to the subject matter thereof and shall be fully complied with in addition to the said provisions of law unless such compliance shall be illegal. Any article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause or phrase of these Amended and Restated Bylaws which, upon being construed in the manner provided in this Section 6.3, shall be contrary to or inconsistent with any applicable provision of law, shall not apply so long as said provisions of law shall remain in effect, but such result shall not affect the validity or applicability of any other portions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, it being hereby declared that these Amended and Restated Bylaws, and each article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause, or phrase thereof, would have been adopted irrespective of the fact that any one or more articles, sections, subsections, subdivisions, sentences, clauses or phrases is or are illegal. 

-15-

ARTICLE VII

ADOPTION, AMENDMENT OR REPEAL OF BYLAWS

7.1By the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws of the Corporation. 

7.2By the Stockholders.The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

-16-

CERTIFICATE OF ADOPTION OF AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF

SKY QUARRY INC.

The undersigned hereby certifies that he is the duly elected, qualified and acting Secretary of Sky Quarry Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and that the foregoing Amended and Restated Bylaws were adopted as the Corporations bylaws as of the date hereof by the Corporations Board of Directors. 

The undersigned has executed this Certificate as of January 9, 2025. 

/s/ Darryl Delwo

Darryl Delwo

Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>skyq-20250115_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>skyq-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Shell Company 

Registrant Name 

Fiscal Year End 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Registrant CIK 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Emerging Growth Company 

City Area Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Tax Identification Number (TIN) 

Voluntary filer 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Details 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Amendment Description 

Small Business 

Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 

Ex Transition Period 

Interactive Data Current 

Number of common stock shares outstanding 

Local Phone Number 

Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Securities Act File Number 

Public Float 

Trading Exchange 

Current with reporting 

SEC Form 

Period End date 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Filer Category
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>skyq-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>skyq-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
000010 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 15, 2025

Details 

Registrant CIK 0001812447

Fiscal Year End --12-31

Registrant Name SKY QUARRY INC.

SEC Form 8-K

Period End date Jan. 15, 2025

Tax Identification Number (TIN) 84-1803091

Emerging Growth Company true

Ex Transition Period false

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Securities Act File Number 001-42296

Entity Address, Address Line One 707 W. 700 South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1

Entity Address, City or Town Woods Cross

Entity Address, State or Province UT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 84087

City Area Code 424

Local Phone Number 394-1090

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract

Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000010 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://skyquarry.com/20250115/role/idr_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

skyq-20250115.htm 
skyq-20250115.xsd 
skyq-20250115_def.xml 
skyq-20250115_lab.xml 
skyq-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001096906-25-000045-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>skyq-20250115_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001812447 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

0001812447 
--12-31 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
SKY QUARRY INC. 
DE 
001-42296 
84-1803091 
707 W. 700 South 
Suite 1 
Woods Cross 
UT 
84087 
424 
394-1090 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>