<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-015654.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-015654.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129160615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-015654
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HENRY SCHEIN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MEDICAL, DENTAL & HOSPITAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5047]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				113136595
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27078
		FILM NUMBER:		25569361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 DURYEA RD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6318435500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 DURYEA RD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCHEIN HENRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950907
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d925485d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

HENRY SCHEIN INCfalse000100022800010002282025-01-292025-01-29

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of the report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025

Henry Schein, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-27078 11-3136595

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

135 Duryea Road, Melville, New York 11747

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (631)843-5500

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240. 14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share HSIC The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Strategic Partnership Agreement 

On January 29, 2025, Henry Schein, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Strategic Partnership Agreement (the Partnership Agreement) with KKR Hawaii Aggregator L.P. (together with certain permitted transferees of the Shares (as defined below), the Investor). 

Changes to the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the Company agreed, among other things, to appoint Max Lin and William K. Dan Daniel (Mr. Lin and Mr. Daniel, the Investor Designees) to the Companys board of directors (the Board). Mr. Lin will be appointed to the Board following the satisfaction of certain regulatory conditions. Mr. Daniel will be appointed to the Board at such time as the Investor first acquires beneficial ownership and voting power over at least 11,978,510 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock). In connection with the appointment of each of Mr. Lin and Mr. Daniel, the Board will, in each case, expand the size of the Board by one, and the Company has further agreed that size of the Board shall be no greater than 14 members from the conclusion of the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting) until the expiration of the Term (as defined below). 

Each of the Investor Designees will also be nominated by the Board to stand for election at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting for a term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting). The Partnership Agreement provides the Investor customary rights to designate replacement directors that are reasonably acceptable to the Board in the event either of the Investor Designees cease to serve as directors under certain circumstances. If the Investor ceases to beneficially own and have the right to vote at least 7.5% of the Companys then-outstanding shares of Common Stock, one Investor Designee (or replacement thereof) shall immediately resign and the Investors designation and replacement rights with respect to such Investor Designee shall fall away. If the Investor ceases to beneficially own and have the right to vote at least 5% of the Companys then-outstanding shares of Common Stock, each Investor Designee (or replacement thereof) shall immediately resign and the Investors designation and replacement rights shall fall away. 

The Investor is entitled to make an election to extend, among other things, its director nomination rights under the Partnership Agreement for an additional year (an Extension Election). If the Investor makes an Extension Election, the Investor Designees will be nominated by the Board to stand for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting for a term expiring at the Companys 2027 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting). 

Following each of their appointments to the Board, Mr. Lin and Mr. Daniel will be appointed to the following committees of the Board: Mr. Lin will be appointed to the Nominating and Governance Committee as Vice Chair; Mr. Daniel will be appointed to the Compensation Committee; and each of Mr. Lin and Mr. Daniel will be appointed to the Strategic Advisory Committee. 

Private Placement of Common Stock 

In addition, pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell in a private placement to the Investor 3,285,152 shares (the Shares) of its Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price of $250 million at a purchase price per Share of approximately $76.10 (the Investment). The Investment is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions set forth in the Partnership Agreement, including, among other things, obtaining clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and any applicable foreign regulatory approvals. 

The Investor has agreed to abide by certain customary standstill restrictions and voting commitments contained in the Partnership Agreement, which shall continue through the later of (i) the earlier of (x) 30 days prior to the opening of the director nomination window for the 2026 Annual Meeting or (y) February 20, 2026, or (ii) if the Investor makes an Extension Election, the earlier of (x) 30 days prior to the opening of the director nomination window for the 2027 Annual Meeting or (y) February 20, 2027 (the Term), except that the standstill commitments will continue for so long as any Investor Designee remains on the Board. 

The Partnership Agreement contains representations and warranties by the Company and the Investor and certain covenants of the Company and the Investor, and other rights, obligations and restrictions, in each case for the sole benefit of the Company and the Investor, respectively, which the Company believes are customary for transactions of this type. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

On the closing date of the Investment, the Company and the Investor will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement and, together with the Partnership Agreement, the Agreements), in the form attached as Exhibit 10.2, providing for certain customary registration rights with respect to the Shares. In addition, the Company will agree to certain customary indemnification provisions relating to indemnification for any material misstatements or omissions by the Company in connection with the registration of the Shares. 

The foregoing summaries of the Agreements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Partnership Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1, and the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2, and which are incorporated herein by reference. 

The Agreements have been filed herewith to provide investors and security holders with information regarding their terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Agreements were made by the parties thereto only for purposes of the Agreements and as of specific dates as set forth therein; were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Agreements; may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures exchanged between the parties in connection with the execution of the Partnership Agreement; may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Agreements instead of establishing these matters as facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors and security holders. Accordingly, such representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof should not be relied on by any persons as characterizations of the actual state of facts and circumstances of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates at the time they were made and the information in the Agreements should be considered in conjunction with the entirety of the factual disclosure about the Company in the Companys public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission). Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Partnership Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On January 29, 2025, the Company and the Investor issued a joint press release reporting, among other things, the preliminary, unaudited financial results of the Company for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 28, 2024. The Company also announced preliminary financial guidance for 2025. The full text of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and the sections entitled Preliminary, Unaudited Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Financial Results and Preliminary Full-Year 2025 Financial Guidance are incorporated herein by reference. 

The information in this Item 2.02 and the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 are considered furnished to the Commission and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the Investment is incorporated by reference herein. 

The issuance of the Shares under the terms set forth in the Agreement will be exempt from registration pursuant to the exemption for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the Changes to the Board is incorporated by reference herein. 

On January 27, 2025, Robert J. Hombach was appointed to the Board as a director. The Board has determined that Mr. Hombach satisfies the definition of an independent director as such term is defined in the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In connection with the appointment of Mr. Hombach, the Company increased the size of the Board to 14 directors. Mr. Hombach is also expected to be appointed to the Boards Strategic Advisory Committee. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Hombach and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as a director. Mr. Hombach is not a party to any transaction subject to Section 404(a) of Regulation S-K involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Mr. Hombach served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of Baxalta Inc., a public biopharmaceutical company, until it was acquired by Shire plc, in June 2016. Baxalta was spun off from its parent, Baxter International Inc. in July 2015, where Mr. Hombach served as Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hombach currently serves on the board of BioMarin Pharmaceuticals Inc., a public biotechnology company, and Embecta Corporation, a public diabetes company. He has also previously served on the boards of Aptinyx Inc., CarMax, Inc., Naurex, Inc., and Surgical Innovation Associates, Inc. Mr. Hombach holds an M.B.A. from Northwestern Universitys J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management and a B.S. in Finance cum laude from the University of Colorado. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD. 

On January 29, 2025, the Company and the Investor issued a joint press release in connection with the Agreement, the Investment and the preliminary, unaudited financial results of the Company. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Item 7.01 and the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 are considered furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Strategic Partnership Agreement, dated January 29, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor 

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 

99.1 Joint Press Release, dated January 29, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Forward-Looking Statements 

Information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K (including any information incorporated by reference herein), including statements regarding the expected changes to the Board, the shares to be issued in the Investment, satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Agreement, the Companys preliminary, unaudited financial results for 2024 and its initial 2025 financial guidance constitute or may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). These expectations and statements are prospective in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance, including statements about the consummation of the expected changes to the Board or the Investment and the anticipated benefits thereof. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Companys actual results, performance and achievements or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

Some forward-looking statements discuss the Companys plans, strategies and intentions and are generally identified by the use of such terms as will be, subject to, may, could, expect, intend, believe, plan, estimate, forecast, project, anticipate, to be, to make or other comparable terms. A fuller discussion of the Companys operations, financial condition and status of litigation matters, including factors that may affect the Companys business and future prospects, is contained in other documents the Company has filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, and will be contained in all subsequent periodic filings the Companys makes with the SEC. These documents identify in detail important risk factors that could cause the Companys actual performance to differ materially from current expectations. 

Risk factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current and historical results include, but are not limited to: the possibility that the expected changes to the Board or the Investment are not consummated and that any of the anticipated benefits will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; the Companys dependence on third parties for the manufacture and supply of the Companys products; the Companys ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect new products (particularly technology products) and technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins; transitional challenges associated with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures, including the failure to achieve anticipated synergies/benefits, as well as significant demands on our operations, information systems, legal, regulatory, compliance, financial and human resources functions in connection with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures; certain provisions in the Companys governing documents that may discourage third-party acquisitions of the Company; adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives; risks related to the sale of corporate brand products; security risks associated with the Companys information systems and technology products and services, such as cyberattacks or other privacy or data security breaches (including the October 2023 incident); effects of a highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating market; changes in the health care industry; risks from expansion of customer purchasing power and multi-tiered costing structures; increases in shipping costs for the Companys products or other service issues with the Companys third-party shippers; general global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions, including inflation, deflation, recession, ongoing wars, fluctuations in 

energy pricing and the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies, and changes to other economic indicators, international trade agreements, potential trade barriers and terrorism; geopolitical wars; failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements; risks associated with the EU Medical Device Regulation; failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care fraud or other laws and regulations; failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage and processing of sensitive personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions; changes in tax legislation; risks related to product liability, intellectual property and other claims; risks associated with customs policies or legislative import restrictions; risks associated with disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or similar wide-spread public health concerns and other natural or man-made disasters; risks associated with our global operations; litigation risks; new or unanticipated litigation developments and the status of litigation matters; the Companys dependence on its senior management, employee hiring and retention, and the Companys relationships with customers, suppliers and manufacturers; and disruptions in financial markets. The order in which these factors appear should not be construed to indicate their relative importance or priority. The Company cautions that these factors may not be exhaustive and that many of these factors are beyond the Companys ability to control or predict. Accordingly, any forward-looking statements contained herein should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. The Company undertakes no duty and has no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

Date: January 29, 2025 By: 

/s/ Walter Siegel

Name: Walter Siegel

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d925485dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 

by and among 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.,

and 

KKR Hawaii Aggregator
L.P. 

Dated as of January 29, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 

Section 1.01 Definitions 1 

ARTICLE II Purchase and Sale 6 

Section 2.01 Purchase and Sale 6 

Section 2.02 Closing 6 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties of the Company 7 

Section 3.01 Organization; Standing 7 

Section 3.02 Capitalization 8 

Section 3.03 Authority; Noncontravention 9 

Section 3.04 Governmental Approvals 9 

Section 3.05 Company SEC Documents 10 

Section 3.06 Absence of Certain Changes 10 

Section 3.07 Legal Proceedings 10 

Section 3.08 Compliance with Laws 11 

Section 3.09 [Reserved] 11 

Section 3.10 No Rights Agreement 11 

Section 3.11 Brokers and Other Advisors 11 

Section 3.12 Sale of Securities 11 

Section 3.13 Listing and Maintenance Requirements 11 

Section 3.14 Status of Securities 12 

Section 3.15 [Reserved] 12 

Section 3.16 Investment Company Status 12 

Section 3.17 No Other Company Representations or Warranties 12 

Section 3.18 No Other Investor Representations or Warranties 12 

ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties of the Investor 13 

Section 4.01 Organization; Standing 13 

Section 4.02 Authority; Noncontravention 13 

Section 4.03 Governmental Approvals 14 

Section 4.04 Financing 14 

Section 4.05 Ownership of Company Securities 14 

Section 4.06 Brokers and Other Advisors 15 

Section 4.07 Non-Reliance on Company Estimates, Projections, Forecasts, Forward-Looking Statements and Business Plans 15 

Section 4.08 Purchase for Investment 15 

Section 4.09 No Other Investor Representations or Warranties 15 

Section 4.10 No Other Company Representations or Warranties 16 

ARTICLE V Additional Agreements 16 

Section 5.01 Negative Covenants 16 

Section 5.02 Reasonable Best Efforts; Filings 17 

Section 5.03 Stockholder Rights Plan 19 

Section 5.04 Public Disclosure 19 

Section 5.05 Non-Disparagement 20 

Section 5.06 Confidentiality 21 

Section 5.07 NASDAQ Listing of Shares 22 

Section 5.08 Standstill 22 

Section 5.09 Legend 25 

Section 5.10 Election of Directors and Other Governance Matters 26 

Section 5.11 Voting 29 

Section 5.12 Tax Matters 30 

Section 5.13 [Reserved] 30 

Section 5.14 KKR 30 

Section 5.15 Financing Cooperation 31 

Section 5.16 Exclusivity 32 

Section 5.17 Section 16 Matters 33 

Section 5.18 Value Creation Initiatives 33 

Section 5.19 [Reserved] 34 

Section 5.20 Derivative Settlement 34 

ARTICLE VI Conditions to Closing 34 

Section 6.01 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company and the Investor 34 

Section 6.02 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company 34 

Section 6.03 Conditions to the Obligations of the Investor 35 

ARTICLE VII Termination; Survival 36 

Section 7.01 Termination 36 

Section 7.02 Effect of Termination 37 

Section 7.03 Survival 37 

ARTICLE VIII Miscellaneous 37 

Section 8.01 Amendments 37 

Section 8.02 Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc. 37 

Section 8.03 Assignment 37 

Section 8.04 Counterparts 38 

Section 8.05 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries; No Recourse 38 

Section 8.06 Governing Law; Jurisdiction 39 

Section 8.07 Specific Enforcement 39 

Section 8.08 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 40 

Section 8.09 Notices 40 

Section 8.10 Severability 41 

Section 8.11 Expenses 41 

Section 8.12 Interpretation 42 

Section 8.13 Investor Representative 42 

Section 8.14 Not a Group; Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights 43 

ii 

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A Form of Press Release 

iii 

This STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT dated as of January 29, 2025 (this
Agreement), is made and entered into by and among Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and KKR Hawaii Aggregator L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Investor desire to enter into a strategic partnership involving, among other things, the addition of designees from the Investor to the Board, collaboration between the Company and the Investor on value creation initiatives for the Company
and a strategic investment in the Company by the Investor. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations,
warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions 

Section 1.01 Definitions. As used in this Agreement (including the recitals hereto), the following terms shall have the following
meanings: 

Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person; provided, however, (i) that the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Investor Party or any of its Affiliates, on the other hand, shall not be deemed to be
Affiliates, (ii) portfolio companies (as such term is customarily used among institutional investors) in which any Investor Party or any of its Affiliates has an investment (whether as debt or equity) shall not be deemed an
Affiliate of such Investor Party, and (iii) the Excluded Sponsor Parties shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of any Investor Party, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries. For this purpose, control (including
its correlative meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control with), with respect to the relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Securities, as trustee or executor, by Contract or otherwise. 

Any Person shall be deemed to beneficially own, to have beneficial ownership of, or to be
beneficially owning any securities (which securities shall also be deemed beneficially owned by such Person) that such Person is deemed to beneficially own within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act; provided that, for purposes of Section 5.08 and Section 5.11, any Person
shall be deemed to beneficially own any securities that such Person has the right to acquire, whether or not such right is exercisable immediately. 

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by Law
to be closed in The City of New York. 

Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. 

Company Charter Documents means the Companys Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Fourth
Amended and Restated By-Laws, each as amended as of the date of this Agreement. 

Company
Plan means each plan, program, policy, agreement or other arrangement covering current or former employees, directors or consultants, that is (i) an employee welfare plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA, (ii) an
employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than any plan which is a multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), (iii) a stock option, stock purchase, stock
appreciation right or other stock-based agreement, program or plan, (iv) an individual employment, consulting, severance, retention or other similar agreement or (v) a bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, profit-sharing, retirement,
post-retirement, vacation, severance or termination pay, benefit or fringe-benefit plan, program, policy, agreement or other arrangement, in each case that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to contribute to or has or may have any liability, other than any plan, program, policy, agreement or arrangement sponsored and administered by a Governmental Authority. 

Company RSU means a restricted stock unit with respect to Common Stock that was granted subject to
(i) performance-based vesting conditions and continued service requirements for performance-based RSUs and (ii) continued service requirements for time-based RSUs. 

Company Stock Option means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock. 

Company Stock Plans means the 2024 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2023 Non-Employee
Director Stock Incentive Plan and predecessor plans. 

Competing Securities Issuance means any proposal or offer from
any Person relating to any direct or indirect issuance or sale by the Company of any equity securities of the Company (or options, rights or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such securities) (other than
grants of Company Stock Options and Company RSUs under the Company Stock Plans in the ordinary course of business to directors, employees, officers, consultants or other service providers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or shares of Common
Stock issuable upon settlement or exercise of Company Stock Options and Company RSUs, or shares of Common Stock required to be issued pursuant to any earn-out existing in any Contract existing as of the date
hereof). For the avoidance of doubt, a Competing Securities Issuance does not include any proposal or offer for a transaction constituting an Extraordinary Transaction or that would result in the acquisition by any person or group of more than 50%
of the Voting Securities or assets having an aggregate value exceeding 50% of the aggregate enterprise value of the Company. 

DGCL means the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

2 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Extraordinary Transaction means any tender offer, exchange offer,
merger, consolidation, acquisition, business combination, recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation, dissolution, sale or other disposition of 50% or more of the assets, properties or securities of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or
any similar extraordinary transaction involving the Company (including its Subsidiaries and joint ventures or any of their respective securities or assets). 

Fall-Away of Investor Board Rights refers, as applicable, to the first day on which the Investor Parties cease to
beneficially own and have the right to vote, in the aggregate, (A) 7.5% of the Companys then-outstanding shares of Common Stock and (B) 5% of the Companys then-outstanding shares of Common Stock; provided that a Fall-Away of Investor
Board Rights shall not be deemed to occur prior to the Conversion Date. 

Fraud means actual, not constructive, common
law fraud (under the laws of the State of Delaware), in the making of the representations and warranties expressly given in this Agreement. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect in the United States from time to time. 

Governmental Authority means any government, court, regulatory or administrative agency, commission, arbitrator or
authority or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental official or entity (in each case including any self-regulatory organization), whether federal, state or local, domestic, foreign or multinational. 

HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Investor Director means any member of the Board who was appointed or elected to the Board as
an Investor Designee. 

Investor Material Adverse Effect means any effect, change, event or occurrence that,
individually or in the aggregate, would or would reasonably be expected to, prevent, materially delay, interfere with, hinder or impair (i) the consummation by the Investor Party of any of the Transactions or (ii) the compliance by the
Investor Parties of its obligations under this Agreement. 

Investor Parties means the Investor and each Investor
Transferee of the Investor. 

Investor Transferee means (i) an Affiliate, (ii) any successor entity,
(iii) any customary co-investment vehicle so long as such transferor or its Affiliates continue to retain sole control of the voting and disposition of the Common Stock so transferred or (iv) any
investment fund, vehicle, holding company or similar entity for separately managed accounts with respect to which the Investor or any Affiliate thereof serves as a general partner, managing member, manager or fund advisor, or any successor entity of
the Persons described in this clause (iii), in each case, to whom the Investor transfers any Acquired Shares; provided, that such Investor Transferee shall execute and deliver a Joinder (as defined below) to the Company prior, and as a
condition, to any such transfer. 

3 

KKR Capstone means KKR Capstone Americas LLC or any of its Affiliates.

Knowledge means, with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge of Mark E. Mlotek, Walter Siegel and Ronald N.
South, after reasonable inquiry of their direct reports. 

Liens means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, encumbrance,
security interest, adverse ownership interest or other restriction of any kind or nature, whether based on common law, statute or contract. 

Material Adverse Effect means any effect, change, event or circumstance that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, properties, financial condition or results of operation of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any changes
or events resulting from the following items shall not be considered when determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (a) economic, political, regulatory or financial conditions or conditions in the securities or capital
markets, credit markets, or currency or other financial markets in the United States or any other country or region of the world, generally or in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, or any changes in the foregoing
conditions, (b) any acts of war, sabotage or terrorist activities in the United States or any country or region in the world, including any escalation or general worsening thereof, or changes imposed by a Governmental Authority associated with
national security, (c) epidemics, pandemics or disease outbreaks, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, wildfires or other natural disasters or weather or meteorological events, and other force majeure events in the United States
or any other country or region in the world (or escalation or worsening of any of the foregoing, including, as applicable, second or subsequent wave(s)), (d) any change of Law, accounting standards, regulatory policy or industry standards (or
interpretations thereof) after the date of this Agreement, (e) the announcement, execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the pendency or consummation of the Transactions, including the impact thereof on the relationships,
contractual or otherwise, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with employees, customers, suppliers or Governmental Authorities, and any Actions arising from or relating to the announcement, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Transactions (it being understood that this clause (e) shall not apply to a breach of any representation or warranty set forth in Section 3.01, Section 3.03 or
Section 3.04), (f) the identity of Investor or any of its Affiliates, (g) any actions taken by, or at the written request of, Investor or the Investor Parties excluding actions contemplated by this Agreement,
(h) any failure by the Company to meet any budgets, projections or forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions for any period (but, for the purposes of clarity, not the underlying cause of such failure unless such underlying causes would
otherwise be excluded from this definition), and (i) changes in the price or trading volume of the Common Stock or any change in the credit ratings or ratings outlook of the Company, except, solely with respect to clauses (a), (b), (c), and
(d) to the extent the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are materially and disproportionately affected thereby relative to other participants in the industry or industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate (in
which case only the incremental material and disproportionate effect or effects may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect). 

4 

NASDAQ means The Nasdaq Global Select Market or any successor exchange.

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, limited or general partnership, joint venture,
association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, any other form of entity or any group comprised of two or more of the foregoing. 

Permitted Loan means any bona fide loan or other bona fide debt financing, in each case entered into with a nationally
recognized financial institution, including a pledge to such a financial institution to secure a bona fide debt financing and any foreclosure by such financial institution or transfer to such financial institution in lieu of foreclosure and
subsequent sale of the securities. 

Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement to
be entered into by the Company and the Investor on the Closing Date. 

Representatives means, with respect to any
Person, its officers, directors, principals, partners, managers, members, employees, consultants, agents, financial advisors, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, other advisors and other representatives. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Sponsor means Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. 

Subsidiary means with respect to any entity, (i) any corporation of which a majority of the securities entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors thereof, at the time as of which any determination is being made, are owned by such entity, either directly or indirectly, and (ii) any joint venture, general or limited partnership, limited liability
company or other legal entity in which such entity is the record or beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of the voting interests or the general partner. 

Tax or Taxes mean all taxes, imposts, levies, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other like assessments or charges, in each case in the nature of a tax, imposed by a Governmental Authority, together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts. 

Term means the period commencing with the date of this Agreement until the latest of (a) the earlier of (x) 30 days
prior to the opening of the director nomination window for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company and (y) February 20, 2026 or (b) if the Investor Parties make an Extension Election, the earlier of (x) 30 days prior
the opening of the director nomination window for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and (y) February 20, 2027. 

Third Party means any person that is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate thereof, a director or officer of the
Company, or legal counsel to any party to this Agreement. 

5 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement and all other documents,
certificates or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Transactions
means the Purchase and the other transactions expressly contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Voting Securities means the Common Stock and any other Company securities entitled to vote in the election of directors, or
securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, such shares or other securities, whether or not subject to the passage of time or other contingencies; provided that as it pertains to any obligations of the Investor Parties or
any Restricted Persons hereunder (including under Section 5.08), Voting Securities will not include any securities contained in any index fund, exchange traded fund, benchmark fund or broad basket of securities
which may contain or otherwise reflect the performance of, but not primarily consist of, securities or other interests of the Company. 

Willful Breach means, with respect to any party, a material breach or failure to perform that is the consequence of an act
or omission of such party with the knowledge that such act or omission would, or would be reasonably expected to, cause a material breach of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE II 

Purchase and Sale

Section 2.01 Purchase and Sale. On the terms of this Agreement and subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, waiver by the party entitled to the benefit thereof) of the conditions set forth in Article VI, at the Closing, the Investorshall purchase and acquire from the Company, and the Company shall issue, sell
and deliver to the Investor an aggregate of 3,285,152 shares of Common Stock (the Acquired Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $250 million (such aggregate purchase price, the Purchase Price),
representing a purchase price per Acquired Share of approximately $76.10. The purchase and sale of the Acquired Shares pursuant to this Section 2.01 is referred to as the Purchase. 

Section 2.02 Closing. (a) On the terms of this Agreement, the closing of the Purchase (the Closing) shall
occur as promptly as practicable, and in any event, no later than 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day following such date on which the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VI of this Agreement have been
satisfied or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, waived by the party entitled to the benefit thereof (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those
conditions at such time), and shall be conducted remotely via the electronic exchange of documents and signatures, or at such other place, time and date as shall be agreed between the Company and the Investor (the date on which the Closing occurs,
the Closing Date). 

(b) At the Closing: 

(i) the Company shall deliver to the Investor (A) the Acquired Shares, free and clear of all Liens (other than pursuant to
the Securities Act and any applicable securities Laws) and evidence of the issuance of the Acquired Shares to the Investor, credited to book-entry accounts maintained by the transfer agent of the Company, and (B) the Registration Rights
Agreement, duly executed by the Company; and 

6 

(ii) the Investor shall (A) pay an aggregate amount equal to the
Purchase Price to the Company, by wire transfer of immediately available U.S. federal funds, to the account designated by the Company in writing at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (B) deliver to the Company the
Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Investor, as applicable. 

ARTICLE III 

Representations and Warranties of the Company 

The Company represents and warrants to the Investor as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing (except to the extent made only as
of a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty is made as of such date) that, except as disclosed in any report, schedule, form, statement or other document (including exhibits) filed with, or furnished to, the SEC (and publicly
available) after December 31, 2022 and prior to the date of this Agreement (the Filed SEC Documents), other than any risk factor disclosures in any such Filed SEC Document contained in the Risk Factors section or
any forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act thereof (it being acknowledged that nothing disclosed in the Filed SEC Documents shall be deemed to qualify or modify the representations and warranties set
forth in Sections 3.01(a), 3.02, 3.03, 3.10 and 3.11): 

Section 3.01 Organization; Standing
. (a)The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, is in good standing and has all requisite corporate power and corporate authority necessary to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, except (other than with respect to the Companys due organization and valid existence) as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is duly licensed or
qualified to do business and is in good standing (where such concept is recognized under applicable Law) in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or
leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. True and
complete copies of the Company Charter Documents are included in the Filed SEC Documents. 

(b) Each of the Companys
Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (where such concept is recognized under applicable Law) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good
standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys Subsidiaries is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing (where such concept is
recognized under applicable Law) in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

7 

Section 3.02 Capitalization. (a) The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 480,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share. At the close of business on January 27, 2025 (the Capitalization Date),
(i) 124,168,082 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) 10,376,238 shares of Common Stock were reserved and available for future issuance pursuant to the Company Stock Plans, (iii) 960,772 shares of Common Stock were
subject to outstanding Company Stock Options, (iv) 2,640,043 Company RSUs were outstanding, and (v) no shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company were issued or outstanding. 

(b) Except as described in this Section 3.02, as of the date of this Agreement there are (i) no
outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests of any character in, the Company as of the date hereof other than shares that have become outstanding after the Capitalization Date which were reserved for issuance as of
the Capitalization Date as set forth in Section 3.02(a), (ii) no outstanding securities of the Company convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests
of any character in, the Company, (iii) no outstanding obligations, options, warrants, rights, pledges, calls, puts, phantom equity, preemptive rights, or other rights, commitments, agreements or arrangements of any character to acquire from
the Company, or that obligate the Company to issue, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests (or voting debt) in, or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of, or other equity or
voting interests (or voting debt) in, the Company other than obligations under the Company Plans in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) no obligations of the Company to grant, extend or enter into any subscription, warrant, right,
convertible or exchangeable security or other similar agreement or commitment relating to any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests (or voting debt) in, the Company (the items in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) being referred
to collectively as Company Securities). There are no outstanding agreements of any kind which obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Securities (other than pursuant
to the cashless exercise of Company Stock Options or settlement of Company RSUs or the forfeiture or withholding of Taxes with respect to Company Stock Options or Company RSUs), or obligate the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such
agreements relating to any Company Securities, including any agreements granting any preemptive rights, subscription rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights with respect to any Company Securities. None of the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company is a party to any stockholders agreement, voting trust agreement, registration rights agreement or other similar agreement or understanding relating to any Company Securities or any other agreement relating to
the disposition, voting or dividends with respect to any Company Securities. All outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and were not issued in violation of any purchase
option, call option, right of first refusal, subscription right, preemptive or similar rights of a third Person, the Company Charter Documents or any agreement to which the Company is a party. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or equity
interests of the Companys Subsidiaries have been duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and none of such capital stock or equity interests are subject to or were issued in
violation of any applicable Laws and are not subject to and have not been issued in violation of any stockholders agreement, proxy, voting trust or similar agreement, or any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights of any Person,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

Section 3.03 Authority; Noncontravention. (a) The Company has all
necessary corporate power and corporate authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation by it of the Transactions, have been duly and unanimously authorized and approved by the Board and no other corporate action on the part of the
Company is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the Transactions. This Agreement has been and at the Closing, the other
Transaction Documents will be, duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof or thereof, as applicable, by the Investor and the other parties hereto or thereto, constitutes (or in the case
of the other Transaction Documents, at the Closing will constitute) a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that such enforceability (i) may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws of general application affecting or relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) is subject to general principles of
equity, whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity (the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception). 

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents by the Company, nor the
consummation by the Company of the Transactions, nor performance or compliance by the Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company Charter Documents or
(ii) assuming that the authorizations, consents and approvals referred to in Section 3.04 are obtained prior to the Closing Date and the filings referred to in Section 3.04 are made and any
waiting periods thereunder have terminated or expired prior to the Closing Date, (x) violate any Law, or order, judgment, injunction, ruling, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority (Judgment) applicable to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) violate or constitute a default (or constitute an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would violate or constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or
cancellation under, result in the loss of any benefit or require a payment or incur a penalty under, any of the terms or provisions of any loan or credit agreement, indenture, debenture, note, bond, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, sublease, license,
contract or other agreement (each, a Contract) to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound or accelerate the Companys obligations under any such Contract, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay, interfere with, hinder or impair the consummation by the Company of any of the Transactions on a timely basis. 

Section 3.04 Governmental Approvals. Except for any filings required to be made under the HSR Act and as set forth on
Section 4.03 of the Investor Disclosure Letter, no consent or approval of, or filing, license, permit or authorization, declaration or registration with, any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the 

9 

other Transaction Documents by the Company, the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions, other than such
other consents, approvals, filings, licenses, permits or authorizations, declarations or registrations that, if not obtained, made or given, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or
prevent or materially delay, interfere with, hinder or impair the consummation by the Company of any of the Transactions on a timely basis. 

Section 3.05 Company SEC Documents. (a)The Company has filed with the SEC, on a timely basis, all required reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act since December 31, 2022 (collectively, the Company SEC Documents). As of their respective SEC filing dates
(or, if amended prior to the date of this Agreement, the date of the filing of such amendment, with respect to the disclosures that are amended), the Company SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act and/or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (and the regulations promulgated thereunder), as the case may be, applicable to such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents as of such respective dates (or, if amended
prior to the date of this Agreement, the date of the filing of such amendment, with respect to the disclosures that are amended) contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(b) The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including all related notes or schedules)
included or incorporated by reference in the Company SEC Documents complied as to form, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited quarterly statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC or other rules and regulations of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (except (i) as may be indicated in the notes thereto or (ii) as permitted by Regulation S-X) and present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods shown (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments, which are not reasonably expected to be materially adverse individually or in the aggregate to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole). 

Section 3.06 Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 28, 2024, there has not been any Material Adverse Effect or any
event, change or occurrence that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.07 Legal Proceedings. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened legal, regulatory or administrative proceeding, suit, proceeding, dispute, investigation (of which the Company has Knowledge), arbitration or action (an Action) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by or
before any Governmental Authority that would prevent or materially impair the consummation by the Company or its Subsidiaries of any of the Transactions. 

10 

Section 3.08 Compliance with Laws. The Company is and since December 31,
2022 has been, in compliance with all (i) state or federal laws, common law, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules or regulations or other similar requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated, or applied by any Governmental Authority
(Laws) and (ii) Judgments, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), that are applicable to the Company, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries hold all licenses, franchises, permits, certificates, approvals and authorizations from Governmental Authorities necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses, except where the failure to hold
the same would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.09
[Reserved]. 

Section 3.10 No Rights Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is party to any poison pill or similar anti-takeover agreement or plan. 

Section 3.11 Brokers and Other
Advisors. Other than fees payable in accordance with Section 8.11 and except for Centerview Partners LLC and Evercore Group, LLC, no broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any
brokers, finders, financial advisors or other similar fee or commission, or the reimbursement of expenses as a result of such capacities, in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Section 3.12 Sale of Securities. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 4.08, the offer, sale and issuance of the Acquired Shares at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement is and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf, has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within
the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of the Acquired Shares, and neither the Company nor any Person acting on its behalf has made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers
to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering or issuance of the Acquired Shares under this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would result in none of
Regulation D or any other applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act to be available, nor will the Company take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance of the Acquired Shares under this Agreement to be
integrated with other offerings by the Company. 

Section 3.13 Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on NASDAQ, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the Knowledge of the Company is reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of
the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from NASDAQ, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC or NASDAQ is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. The Company is in compliance in all
material respects with the listing and listing maintenance requirements of NASDAQ applicable to it for the continued trading of its Common Stock on NASDAQ. 

11 

Section 3.14 Status of Securities. As of the Closing, all of the Acquired Shares
and any accrued and compounded dividends, will be, when issued, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state
securities Laws and will not be subject to preemptive rights of any other stockholder of the Company, and will be free and clear of all Liens, theSecurities Act and any applicable securities Laws. The respective rights, preferences,
privileges, and restrictions of the Acquired Shares and the Common Stock are as stated in the Company Charter Documents or as otherwise provided by applicable Law. As of the Closing, all of the Acquired Shares and any accrued and compounded
dividends have been duly reserved for issuance. 

Section 3.15 [Reserved]. 

Section 3.16 Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and immediately after the sale of the Acquired Shares hereunder the
Company will not be, required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section 3.17 No Other Company Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in
this Article III and in any certificate delivered pursuant to Article VI, neither the Company nor any other Person acting on its behalf makes any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Acquired Shares,
the Common Stock, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, operations, properties, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to the Investor or its
Representatives of any documentation, forecasts or other information with respect to any one or more of the foregoing, and the Investor acknowledges the foregoing. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the
representations and warranties made by the Company in this Article III and in any certificate delivered pursuant to Article VI, neither the Company nor any other Person makes or has made any express or implied representation or
warranty to the Investor or its Representatives with respect to (a) any financial projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospect information relating to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses or (b) any
oral or written information presented to the Investor or its Representatives in the course of its due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or the course of the Transactions or any other transactions or potential
transactions involving the Company and the Investor. 

Section 3.18 No Other Investor Representations or Warranties. Except for
the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article IV and in any certificate delivered pursuant to Article VI, the Company hereby acknowledges that neither the Investor nor any other Person, (a) has made or is
making any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Investor or any of its Affiliates or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects, including with
respect to any information provided or made available to the Company or any of its Representatives or any information developed by the Company or any of its Representatives or (b) will have or be subject to any liability or indemnification
obligation to the Company resulting from the delivery, dissemination or any other distribution to the Company or any of its Representatives, or the use by the Company or any of its Representatives, of any information, documents, estimates,
projections, 

12 

forecasts or other forward-looking information, business plans or other material developed by or provided or made available to the Company or any of its Representatives, including in due
diligence materials, in anticipation or contemplation of any of the Transactions or any other transactions or potential transactions involving the Company and the Investor. The Company, on behalf of itself and on behalf of its respective Affiliates,
expressly waives any such claim relating to the foregoing matters. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 3.18 will limit any representations or warranties of any Investor Transferee in any Joinder. 

ARTICLE IV 

Representations and
Warranties of the Investor 

The Investor represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date (except to the extent made only as of a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty is made as of such date): 

Section 4.01 Organization; Standing. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its
jurisdiction of organization and the Investor has all requisite power and authority necessary to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and, except (other than with respect to the Investors due organization and valid existence) as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have an Investor Material Adverse Effect. The Investor is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have an Investor Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 4.02 Authority;
Noncontravention. The Investor has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Investor of the Transactions have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary action on the part of the
Investor, and no further action, approval or authorization by any of its stockholders, partners, members or other equity owners, as the case may be, is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Investor of the Transactions. This Agreement has been and at the Closing, the other Transaction Documents will be, duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery hereof or thereof, as applicable, by the Company and the other parties hereto or thereto, constitutes (or in the case of the other Transaction Documents, at the Closing will constitute) a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents by the Investor, nor the
consummation of the Transactions by the Investor, nor performance or compliance by the Investor with any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other comparable charter or organizational documents of the Investor or (ii) assuming that the authorizations, consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.03 are obtained prior to the
Closing Date and the filings referred to in Section 4.03 are made and any 

13 

waiting periods with respect to such filings have terminated or expired prior to the Closing Date, (x) violate any Law or Judgment applicable to the Investor or any of its Subsidiaries or
(y) violate or constitute a default (or constitute an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would violate or constitute a default) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract to which the Investor or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or accelerate the Investors or any of its Subsidiaries, if applicable, obligations under any such Contract, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have an Investor Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 4.03 Governmental Approvals. Except for any filings required to
be made under the HSR Act and as set forth on Section 4.03 of the Investor Disclosure Letter, no consent or approval of, or filing, license, permit or authorization, declaration or registration with, any Governmental Authority is necessary for
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the Transactions, other than such
other consents, approvals, filings, licenses, permits, authorizations, declarations or registrations that, if not obtained, made or given, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have an Investor Material Adverse
Effect. 

Section 4.04 Financing. The Investor has delivered to the Company a true and complete copy of the Equity Commitment
Letter, pursuant to which KKR North America Fund XIII SCSp has committed, subject only to the terms and conditions thereof, to invest the amounts set forth therein. As of the date of this Agreement, the Equity Commitment Letter is in full force and
effect and constitutes the enforceable, legal, valid and binding obligations of each of the parties thereto. At the Closing, assuming receipt of the funds under the Equity Commitment Letter, the Investor will have available funds necessary to
consummate the Purchase and pay the Purchase Price on the terms and conditions contemplated by this Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, Investor is not aware of any reason why the funds sufficient to pay the Purchase Price will not be
available on the Closing Date. 

Section 4.05 Ownership of Company Securities. As of the date of this Agreement and excluding
any shares of Common Stock that may be beneficially owned through its portfolio companies, the Investor beneficially owns 5,378,510 shares of Common Stock and has economic exposure to 11,978,510 shares of Common Stock. Except for the foregoing and
as of the date hereof, the Investor does not currently have, and does not currently have any right to acquire, any interest in any securities or assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries (or any rights, options or other securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable (whether or not convertible, exercisable or exchangeable immediately or only after the passage of time or the occurrence of a specified event) for such securities or assets or any obligations measured by the price or
value of any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including any swaps or other derivative arrangements designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond to the ownership of shares of Common Stock or any other
securities of the Company, whether or not any of the foregoing would give rise to beneficial ownership, and whether or not to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or any other class or series of the Companys stock, payment of cash
or by other consideration, and without regard to any short position under any such contract or arrangement). 

14 

Section 4.06 Brokers and Other Advisors. No broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other Person is entitled to any brokers, finders, financial advisors or other similar fee or commission, or the reimbursement of expenses in connection therewith, in connection with the Transactions based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Investor or any of its Affiliates, except for Persons, if any, whose fees and expenses will be paid by the Investor (or pursuant to the expense reimbursement provisions hereof). 

Section 4.07 Non-Reliance on Company Estimates, Projections, Forecasts,
Forward-Looking Statements and Business Plans. In connection with the due diligence investigation of the Company by the Investor and its Representatives, the Investor and its Representatives have received and may continue to receive from
the Company and its Representatives certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as certain business plan information containing such information, regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries and their
businesses and operations. The Investor hereby acknowledges that there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking statements, as well as in such business plans, with which the
Investor is familiar, that the Investor is making its own evaluation of the adequacy and accuracy of all estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information, as well as such business plans, so furnished to the Investor (including
the reasonableness of the assumptions underlying such estimates, projections, forecasts, forward-looking information or business plans), and that except for the representations and warranties expressly made by the Company in Article III of
this Agreement, the Investor will have no claim against the Company and its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Representatives with respect thereto. 

Section 4.08 Purchase for Investment. The Investor acknowledges that the Acquired Shares have not been registered under the
Securities Act or under any state or other applicable securities Laws. The Investor (a) acknowledges that it is acquiring the Acquired Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act solely for investment with no
intention to distribute any of the foregoing to any Person, (b) will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Acquired Share, except in compliance with this Agreement and the registration requirements or exemption provisions of the
Securities Act and any other applicable securities Laws, (c) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and in investments of this type that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the
Acquired Shares and of making an informed investment decision, (d) is an accredited investor (as that term is defined by Rule 501 of the Securities Act), and (e) (i) has been furnished with or has had access to all the
information that it considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the Acquired Shares, (ii) has had an opportunity to discuss with the Company and its Representatives the intended business and
financial affairs of the Company and to obtain information necessary to verify any information furnished to it or to which it had access and (iii) can bear the economic risk of (x) an investment in the Acquired Shares indefinitely and
(y) a total loss in respect of such investment. 

Section 4.09 No Other Investor Representations or Warranties. Except for
the representations and warranties made by the Investor in this Article IV and in any certificate delivered pursuant to Article VI, neither the Investor nor any other Person acting on its behalf makes any other express or implied
representation or warranty with respect to the Investor or any of its Affiliates or their respective businesses, operations, properties, assets, liabilities, condition 

15 

(financial or otherwise) or prospects, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to the Company or its Representatives of any documentation, forecasts or other information with respect to any
one or more of the foregoing, and the Company acknowledges the foregoing. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the representations and warranties made by the Investor in this Article IV and in any
certificate delivered pursuant to Article VI, neither the Investor nor any other Person makes or has made any express or implied representation or warranty to the Company or its Representatives with respect to (a) any financial
projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospect information relating to the Investor, any of its Affiliates or their respective businesses or (b) any oral or written information presented to the Company or its Representatives in the course
of the negotiation of this Agreement or the course of the Transactions or any other transactions or potential transactions involving the Investor and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.09
will limit any representations or warranties of any Investor Transferee in any Joinder. 

Section 4.10 No Other Company
Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article III and in any certificate delivered pursuant to Article VI, the Investor hereby acknowledges that neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries, nor any other Person, (a) has made or is making any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Acquired Shares, the Common Stock, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects, including with respect to any information provided or made available to the Investor or any of its Representatives or Affiliates or any information
developed by the Investor or any of its Representatives or Affiliates, and none of the Investor, its Affiliates or any of its or their Representatives has relied, is relying, or will rely on any other representations, warranties, or other
statements, or the accuracy or completeness thereof, or (b) will have or be subject to any liability or indemnification obligation to the Investor resulting from the delivery, dissemination or any other distribution to the Investor or any of
its Representatives or Affiliates, or the use by the Investor or any of its Representatives, of any information, documents, estimates, projections, forecasts or other forward-looking information, business plans or other material developed by or
provided or made available to the Investor or any of its Representatives, including in due diligence materials, or management presentations (formal or informal), in anticipation or contemplation of the Transactions or any other transactions or
potential transactions involving the Company and the Investor. The Investor, on behalf of itself and on behalf of its respective Affiliates, expressly waives any such claim relating to the foregoing matters. 

ARTICLE V 

Additional
Agreements 

Section 5.01 Negative Covenants. Except as required by applicable Law or the regulations or requirements of
any stock exchange or regulatory organization applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, Judgment or to comply with any notice from a Governmental Authority, as expressly contemplated, required or permitted by this Agreement,
(i) during the period from the date of this Agreement until the Closing (or such earlier date on which this Agreement may be terminated pursuant to Section 7.01), unless the Investor otherwise consents in writing (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), the Company shall not and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to: 

16 

(a) other than the authorization and issuance of the Acquired Shares to the
Investor Parties and the consummation of the other Transactions, pursuant to any earn-out existing in any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this Agreement,
issue, sell or grant any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting interests, or any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for any shares of its capital stock or
other equity or voting interests, or any rights, warrants or options to purchase any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting interests; provided that the Company may issue or grant shares of Common Stock or other securities in
the ordinary course of business pursuant to the terms of a Company Plan in effect on the date of this Agreement; 

(b)
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity or voting interests, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting interests other than in
connection with (w) transactions involving only wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Company, (x) repurchases or reacquisitions shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Companys right to repurchase or reacquire shares of Common Stock held
by employees or other service providers of the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with termination of such Persons employment or engagement by the Company or its Subsidiaries, (y) the relinquishment of shares by employees or other
service providers of the Company or its Subsidiaries in payment of withholding tax upon the settlement of Company RSUs, or (z) the cashless or net exercise of Company Stock Options, in each case of clauses (x), (y) and (z), pursuant to the
terms of such awards; 

(c) solely with respect to the Company, establish a record date for, declare, set aside for payment
or pay any dividend on, or make any other distribution in respect of, any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting interests; 

(d) split, combine, subdivide, recapitalize, reclassify or like change to any shares of its capital stock or other equity or
voting interests; 

(e) amend or supplement the Company Charter Documents or make any material amendments to the
organizational documents of any of the Companys Subsidiaries, in each case in a manner that adversely affects the Acquired Shares, or take or authorize any action to wind up its affairs or dissolve; or 

(f) agree or commit to do any of the foregoing. 

Section 5.02 Reasonable Best Efforts; Filings. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the Company and the Investor shall cooperate with each other
and use (and shall cause their Affiliates to use) their respective reasonable best efforts (unless, with respect to any action, another standard of performance is expressly provided for herein) to promptly (i) take, or cause to be taken, all
actions, and do, or cause to be done, and assist and cooperate with each other in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to obtain the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act to the extent applicable to the
Investor and cause 

17 

the conditions to Closing to be satisfied as promptly as reasonably practicable and to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner reasonably practicable, the Transactions,
including preparing and filing promptly and fully all documentation to effect all necessary filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations, submissions of information, applications and other documents, (ii) obtain all approvals,
consents, registrations, waivers, permits, authorizations, orders and other confirmations or non-objections from any Governmental Authority necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the Transactions,
including any Applicable Foreign Filings, and (iii) execute and deliver any additional instruments necessary to consummate the Transactions. 

(b) The Company and the Investor shall, and shall cause their ultimate parent entities to, (i) make an appropriate filing
of a Notification and Report Form (HSR Form) pursuant to the HSR Act (which shall request, if legally available, the early termination of any waiting period applicable to the Transactions under the HSR Act) no later than
February 7, 2025 and any Applicable Foreign Filings as soon as reasonably practicable, and (ii) supply as promptly as reasonably practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act
or, if applicable, under foreign antitrust laws and foreign direct investment laws, in connection with such other filings or by any Governmental Authority, and use reasonable best efforts to promptly take any and all steps necessary to avoid or
eliminate each and every impediment and obtain all consents that may be required pursuant to the HSR Act, in connection with such other filings or other applicable Law, so as to enable the parties hereto to consummate the Transactions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.02, nothing in this Section 5.02 or this Agreement shall require or obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Investor Party
to, and the Company shall not, without prior written consent of the Investor Parties, agree, propose, commit to, or effect, or otherwise be required, by consent decree, hold separate, or otherwise, any sale, divestiture, hold separate, or any other
action otherwise limiting the freedom of action in any respect with respect to any businesses, products, rights, services, licenses, assets, or interest therein, of (A) the Investor or any Affiliate (including KKR & Co. Inc. and
Sponsor (as such term is customarily used among institutional investors) (each, KKR) and their respective Affiliates and any investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any
portfolio company (as such term is customarily used among institutional investors)or investment of KKR), or (B) the Company or any its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 

(c) Each of the Company and the Investor shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, use their respective reasonable best efforts
to (i) cooperate in all respects with the other party in connection with any filing or submission with a Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry by or before a
Governmental Authority relating to the Transactions (including to determine whether a Governmental Authority has jurisdiction over the Transactions), (ii) keep the other party informed in all material respects and on a reasonably timely basis
of any material communication received by the Company, the Investor Parties or their Affiliates, as the case may be, from or given by the Company, the Investor Parties or their Affiliates, as the case may be, to the Federal Trade Commission
(FTC), the Department of Justice (DOJ) or any other Governmental Authority, in each case regarding the Transactions, 

18 

(iii) subject to applicable Laws relating to the exchange of information, consult with the other party with respect to information relating to such party and its respective Subsidiaries, as
the case may be, that appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions, other than 4(c) and 4(d) documents as that term is used in the rules and
regulations under the HSR Act and other confidential information contained in the HSR Form and (iv) to the extent permitted by the FTC, the DOJ or such other applicable Governmental Authority, give the other party the opportunity to attend and
participate in meetings and conferences with the FTC, DOJ, or any other applicable Governmental Authority. Any documents or other materials provided pursuant to this Section 5.02(c) may be redacted or withheld as necessary
to address reasonable privilege or confidentiality concerns, and to remove references concerning the valuation of the Company or other competitively sensitive material, and the parties may, as each deems advisable, reasonably designate any material
provided under this Section 5.02(c) as outside counsel only material. 

(d) The
Investors Parties shall not, and shall cause their controlled Affiliates not to, acquire or agree to acquire any assets, business, securities, person or subdivision thereof, if the entering into of an agreement relating to or the consummation of
such acquisition, would reasonably be expected to materially delay any authorizations, consents, approvals or the expiration of the HSR waiting period or otherwise materially increase the risk of not obtaining any authorizations, consents or
approvals contemplated in this Section 5.02. 

Section 5.03 Stockholder Rights Plan. During the Term, the
Company shall not adopt any stockholder rights agreement, poison pill or similar anti-takeover agreement or plan (i) that prohibits the Investor Parties from taking any of the actions permitted by or exercising their rights under
this Agreement or (ii) under which the Investor Parties would constitute an Acquiring Person or similar terms as a result of the Transactions. 

Section 5.04 Public Disclosure. 

(a) Not later than 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on January 29, 2025, the Company shall issue a press release in the form
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A (the Press Release). Substantially concurrently with the issuance of the Press Release, the Company shall file with the SEC a Current Report on Form
8-K (the Form 8-K) disclosing its entry into this Agreement and including a copy of this Agreement and the Press Release as exhibits thereto. The Form
8-K shall be consistent with the Press Release and the terms of this Agreement and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Investor Parties. The Company shall provide the
Investor Parties and their Representatives with a copy of the Form 8-K prior to its filing with the SEC and shall consider any reasonable and timely comments of the Investor Parties and their Representatives.

(b) During the Term, the Investor shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, consult with the Company before issuing, and
give the Company the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the Transaction Documents or the Transactions, and shall not, and shall cause their respective Affiliates not to, issue any
such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable Law, Judgment, court process or the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange or national securities quotation
system. 

19 

(c) During the Term, the Company shall consult with the Investor, and give
the Investor the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release with respect to the Transaction Documents or the Transactions (other than with respect to the Press Release, which will be subject to
Section 5.04(c)). 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 5.04
shall not apply to any press release or other public statement made by the Company or the Investor Parties (a) which does not contain any information relating to the Transactions that has not been previously announced or made public in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or (b) is made in the ordinary course of business and does not relate specifically to the signing of the Transaction Documents or the Transactions. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement, in no event shall either this
Section 5.04, Section 5.06 or any provision of the Confidentiality Agreement prevent any Investor Party, any Investor Transferee or any of their Affiliates (the Restricted
Person) from ordinary course communications regarding this Agreement and the Transactions to its existing or prospective general and limited partners, equityholders, members, managers and investors of any Affiliates of such Person who are
subject to a confidentiality obligation with respect thereto, or disclosing public information about the Transactions on their websites in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. 

Section 5.05 Non-Disparagement. Each of the Investor Parties and the
Company agrees that during the Term, the Company and each Investor Party shall refrain from making, and shall direct its respective Affiliates not to make or cause to be made, any public statement or public announcement that constitutes an ad
hominem attack on, or that otherwise disparages, defames, slanders, impugns or is reasonably likely to damage the reputation of (i) in the case of any such statements or announcements by Investor Parties or their Affiliates: the Company and its
Affiliates, and their respective business, operations or financial performance, officers, directors or any person who has in the past served or who following the date of this Agreement serves as a director or officer of the Company (in each case, in
their capacity as such); and (ii) in the case of any such statements or announcements by the Company or its Affiliates: Investor Parties and their Affiliates, and their respective business, operations, officers and directors (in each case, in
their capacity as such) in each case including: (A) in any statement (oral or written), document, or report filed with, furnished, or otherwise provided to the SEC (as defined below) or any other governmental or regulatory authority,
(B) in any press release or other publicly available format and (C) to any journalist or member of the media (including in a television, radio, newspaper, or magazine interview or podcast, Internet or social media communication). The
foregoing shall not restrict the ability of any Person to comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request for information from any governmental or regulatory authority with jurisdiction over such Person from whom information
is sought or to enforce such Persons rights hereunder. 

20 

Section 5.06 Confidentiality. 

(a) The Investor will, and will cause its Affiliates and Representatives who actually receive Confidential Information to, keep
confidential any information (including oral, written and electronic information) concerning the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates that may be furnished to the Investor, its Affiliates or its or their respective Representatives by or on
behalf of the Company or any of its Representatives pursuant to this Agreement, including any such information provided pursuant to Section 5.04 of this Agreement (Confidential Information) and to use the
Confidential Information solely for the purposes of monitoring, administering or managing the Investor Parties investment in the Company made pursuant to this Agreement; provided that Confidential Information will not include
information that (a) was or becomes available to the public other than as a result of a breach of any confidentiality obligation in this Agreement by the Investor or its Affiliates or their respective Representatives, (b) was or becomes
available to the Investor or its Affiliates or their respective Representatives from a source other than the Company or its Representatives; provided that such source is reasonably believed by the Investor or such Affiliates not to be subject
to an obligation of confidentiality (whether by agreement or otherwise) after reasonable inquiry, (c) at the time of disclosure is already in the possession of the Investor or its Affiliates or their respective Representatives from a source
other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives, as evidenced by pre-existing written or electronic records; provided that such source is reasonably believed
by the Investor or such Affiliates to not be subject to an obligation of confidentiality (whether by agreement or otherwise) after reasonable inquiry, (d) was independently developed by the Investor or its Affiliates or their respective
Representatives without reference to, incorporation of, or other use of any Confidential Information or (e) from and after the Closing, discloses the Investors participation in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided that the Investor may disclose Confidential Information (i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants and financial and other professional advisors to the extent necessary to obtain their services in connection with its
investment in the Company, (ii) to any Investor Transferee, as long as such Investor Transferee agrees to be bound by similar confidentiality or non-disclosure terms as are contained in this Agreement
(with the Company as an express Third Party beneficiary of such agreement), (iii) to any Affiliate, existing or prospective general or limited partner, or co-investor, equityholders, member, or related
investment fund of the Investor and their Affiliates and their respective directors, managers, officers, employees, consultants, financing sources and Representatives, in each case in the ordinary course of business (provided that the recipients of
such confidential information are directed to abide by the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations contained herein); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, no Confidential Information shall be shared with any portfolio companies (as such term is customarily used among institutional investors) in which any Investor Party or any of its Affiliates has an investment (whether as
debt or equity), (iv) as may be reasonably determined by the Investor, after receiving the advice of outside legal counsel, to be necessary in connection with the Investors enforcement of its rights in connection with this Agreement or its
investment in the Company, or (v) as may otherwise be required, after receiving the advice of outside legal counsel by applicable Law, Judgment, court process or the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange or national

21 

securities quotation system; and provided, further, that (x) any breach of the confidentiality and use terms herein by any Person to whom the Investor and its Investor
Transferees may disclose Confidential Information pursuant to clauses (i) and (iii) of the preceding proviso shall be attributable to such Investor Party for purposes of determining such Investor Partys compliance with this
Section 5.06 and (y) the Investor takes commercially reasonable steps to minimize the extent of any required disclosure described in clause (v) of the preceding proviso. 

(b) The obligations of Sponsor in the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2025, by and between Sponsor and
the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement) shall terminate simultaneously with the Closing in accordance with its terms. 

Section 5.07 NASDAQ Listing of Shares. To the extent the Company has not done so prior to the date of this
Agreement, the Company shall, as promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement and in any event, prior to the Closing, cause the aggregate number of Acquired Shares (including any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon) to be approved
for listing on the NASDAQ. 

Section 5.08 Standstill. Each Investor Party agrees with the Company, severally
and not jointly, that, during the Term and thereafter until the date on which no Investor Director is serving on the Board (and, in the case of Section 5.08(g), for a period of six (6) months following the later of the
foregoing), without the prior written approval of the Board, such Investor Party and its controlled Affiliates shall not, directly or indirectly: 

(a) acquire, offer or seek to acquire, agree to acquire or make a proposal to acquire, whether by private or open market
purchase, a block trade, a tender or exchange offer, beneficial ownership of, or any economic interest in, any right to direct the voting or disposition of, or any other right with respect to any Voting Securities or direct or indirect rights to
acquire any Voting Securities of the Company, any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such Voting Securities, any options puts, calls, swaps or other derivative or convertible instruments, hedging contracts or other derivative
securities or contracts or instruments in any way related to the price of shares of Common Stock (solely to the extent that, after giving effect to such acquisition, such Investor Party and its Affiliates would beneficially own, in the aggregate,
greater than 14.9% of the then outstanding Common Stock); 

(b) make any public announcement with respect to, or offer,
seek, propose or indicate an interest in (in each case with or without conditions), either alone or in concert with others, any Extraordinary Transaction, or enter into any discussions, negotiations, arrangements, understandings (whether written or
oral) with any Person regarding any of the foregoing (it being understood that the foregoing shall not restrict any Investor Parties from tendering shares, receiving payment or shares or otherwise participating in any such Extraordinary Transaction
on the same basis as other stockholders of the Company); 

22 

(c) (i) make or in any way encourage or participate in any
solicitation of proxies or consents (whether or not relating to the election or removal of directors), as such terms are used in the rules of the SEC (but without regard to the exclusion set forth in Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv)), to vote, or knowingly seek to advise, encourage or influence any Person with respect to voting, acquisition or disposition of, any Voting Securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for any such Voting Securities, (ii) request, call or seek to call (or, for the avoidance of doubt, publicly support another Persons request or call for) a meeting of the
Companys stockholders or action by written consent (or the setting of a record date therefor), (iii) initiate or be the proponent of any stockholder proposal for action by the Companys stockholders, (iv) seek, alone or in concert
with others, election to or to place a representative on the Board or nominate or propose the nomination of, or recommend the nomination of, any candidate to the Board, except as expressly set forth in Section 5.10, (v)
seek, alone or in concert with others (including through any withhold or similar campaign), the removal of any director from the Board (other than, in the case of the Investor Parties, any Investor Directors), or (vi) become a
participant in any contested solicitation (as such terms are defined or used under the Exchange Act) for the election of directors with respect to the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement will
prevent the Investor Parties or their Affiliates from taking actions in furtherance of identifying any replacement for an Investor Director pursuant to Section 5.10, as applicable; 

(d) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement with respect to the Investor Directors, otherwise act, alone or in concert
with others, to seek to control or influence, in any manner, the management, board of directors or business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including (i) controlling or changing the Board or management of the Company, including any
plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any vacancies on the Board, (ii) any material change in the capitalization, capital allocation policy or dividend policy of the Company or (iii) seeking to have the
Company waive or make amendments or modifications to the Company Charter Documents, or other actions that may impede or facilitate the acquisition of control of the Company by any Person; 

(e) grant any proxy, consent or other authority to vote any Voting Securities with respect to any matters (other than to the
named proxies included in the Companys proxy card for any annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders); 

(f)
agree, attempt, seek or propose to deposit any shares of Common Stock in any voting trust or similar arrangement or subject any shares of Common Stock to any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting of any shares of Common Stock, other
than any such voting trust, arrangement or agreement solely among such Investor Party and its controlled Affiliates and otherwise in accordance with this Agreement; 

(g) other than sales into the public market pursuant to a bona fide, broadly distributed underwritten public offering, in each
case made pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or through a bona fide sale to the public without registration effectuated pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act where the identity of the purchaser is not known, sell, offer or agree
to sell, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, the securities of the Company or any rights decoupled from the underlying securities of the Company held by such Investor Party to any Third Party that,

23 

to the actual knowledge of such Investor Party, would result in such Third Party, together with its Affiliates, owning, controlling or otherwise having any beneficial or other ownership interest
representing in the aggregate in excess of 4.9% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time or would increase the beneficial or other ownership interest of any Third Party who, together with its Affiliates, has a beneficial or other
ownership interest in the aggregate of more than 4.9% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time; provided, that the restriction in this Section 5.08(g) will not apply with respect to any Third Party who makes
filings with respect to the Companys securities to the SEC on Schedule 13G pursuant to Rule 13d-1(b) under the Exchange Act; 

(h) make a request for any stockholder list or other Company books and records under Section 220 of the DGCL or otherwise;
provided that nothing in this Agreement shall restrict any Investor Directors rights as a director of the Company under Section 220(d) of the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

(i) make any proposal or statement of inquiry or disclose any intention, plan or arrangement inconsistent with any of the
foregoing; 

(j) advise, assist, knowingly encourage or direct any Person to do, or to advise, assist, knowingly encourage
or direct any other Person to do, any of the foregoing; 

(k) enter into any agreements, arrangements or understandings with
any Third Party (including security holders of the Company, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Investor Party and its Affiliates) with respect to any of the foregoing, including forming, joining or in any way participating in a
group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with any Third Party in connection with any of the foregoing; 

(l) request the Company or any of its Representatives, directly or indirectly, to amend or waive any provision of this
Section 5.08; provided that this clause shall not prohibit any Investor Party from making a confidential request to the Company seeking an amendment or waiver of the provisions of this
Section 5.08, which the Company may accept or reject in its sole discretion, so long as any such request is made in a manner that does not require public disclosure thereof by any Person; or 

(m) contest the validity of this Section 5.08 or make, initiate, take or participate in any demand,
Action (legal or otherwise) or proposal to amend, waive or terminate any provision of this Section 5.08. 

The restrictions in
this Section 5.08 shall terminate automatically upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following: (A) the Companys entry into a definitive agreement with respect to any Extraordinary Transaction that would
result in the acquisition by any person or group of more than 50% of the Voting Securities or assets having an aggregate value exceeding 50% of the aggregate enterprise value of the Company and (B) the commencement of any tender or exchange
offer (by any Person or group other than the Investor Parties or their Affiliates) which, if consummated, would constitute an Extraordinary Transaction that would result in the acquisition by any person or group (with the exception of the Investor
Parties and any of their Affiliates) of more than 50% of the Voting Securities, where the Company files with the SEC a Schedule 14D-9 (or amendment thereto) that does not recommend that its stockholders reject
such tender or exchange offer. 

24 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, nothing the Agreement shall limit the
ability of any Investor Director to vote or otherwise exercise his or her legal duties or otherwise act in his or her capacity as a member of the Board. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 5.08, nothing in this Section 5.08 shall prohibit or restrict the Investor Parties from: (A) communicating privately with the Board, any member of senior management of the Company
(including the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and General Counsel) or any director of the Company regarding any matter (it being understood that the Investor Parties shall not engage in any such private
communications if the content of such communications would reasonably be expected to require any public disclosure of such communications, without the prior authorization of the Board or Chief Executive Officer); (B) privately communicating to the
Investor Parties or its Affiliates investors or potential investors regarding the Company; provided that any such communications to investors or potential investors (1) are subject to reasonable confidentiality obligations of
such investors or potential investors and are not reasonably expected to be publicly disclosed, (2) are not made with an intent to, and do not, circumvent any of the restrictions in this Agreement or otherwise in bad faith and (3) are not
intended to, and would not reasonably be expected to, require any public disclosure of such communications; (C) making any factual statement to comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request for information from any
Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Person from whom information is sought, in each case upon the advice of outside legal counsel (provided, that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the applicable Investor Party will
provide the Company with notice of any such requirement prior to making any such statement); (D) voting, transferring or hedging (subject to Section 5.08(g) and Section 5.20); (E) participating in
rights offerings made by the Company to all holders of its Common Stock, receiving any dividends or similar distributions with respect to any securities of the Company held by such Investor Party, tendering shares of Common Stock, or otherwise
exercising rights under its Common Stock that are not the subject of this Section 5.08; or (F) at any time after eight months following the date hereof, making a proposal relating to an Extraordinary Transaction,
provided that such proposal is first made privately to the Board or Chief Executive Officer and is conditioned on the approval of the Board. 

Section 5.09 Legend. All certificates or other instruments representing the Acquired Shares will bear a legend substantially to
the following effect: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT WHILE A REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING THERETO IS IN EFFECT UNDER SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS. 

25 

Section 5.10 Election of Directors and Other Governance Matters. 

(a) Board and Committee Appointments. As promptly as reasonably practicable following the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Section 6.01(b) and 6.01(c), the Board and all applicable committees thereof shall have taken such actions as are necessary to: 

(i) increase the size of the Board by two; 

(ii) appoint Max Lin as a member of the Board, with an initial term expiring at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting); 

(iii) appoint Mr. Lin to the Strategic Advisory Committee
of the Board (the Strategic Advisory Committee) effective immediately upon Mr. Lins appointment to the Board; and 

(iv) appoint Mr. Lin to the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board and as Vice Chair of such committee. 

(b) Second Investor Designee. The Company agrees that, upon such time that the Investor Parties first acquire beneficial
ownership and voting power over at least 11,978,510 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reclassifications, combinations, and similar adjustments and excluding the Acquired Shares), the Board and all applicable committees
thereof shall take such actions as are necessary to: 

(i) increase the size of the Board by one; 

(ii) appoint Dan Daniel as a member of the Board (together with Max Lin, the Investor Designees), with an
initial term expiring at the 2025 Annual Meeting; and 

(iii) appoint Mr. Daniel to the Strategic Advisory Committee
and the Compensation Committee of the Board effective immediately upon Mr. Daniels appointment to the Board. 

(c) Board and Committee Size. The Company agrees that from the conclusion of the 2025 Annual Meeting until the
expiration of the Term, the size of the Board shall be no greater than 14 members. 

(d) Other Governance Matters.
During the Term the Company agrees that: 

(i) any new CEO approved by the Board must be recommended to the Board with the
unanimous support of the Nominating and Governance Committee; and 

26 

(ii) the Board will not establish or maintain any new committee that is
delegated substantially all of the powers of the Board or of a committee of the Board on which such Investor Director is serving as of such date without at least one Investor Director being appointed as a member of such committee unless the Board
determines in good faith and upon advice of counsel that the presence and/or participation of such director on any such new committee would present a material conflict of interest. 

(e) Replacement Rights. During the Term, in the event of the death, disability, resignation or removal of any Investor
Director as a member of the Board (other than resignation pursuant to Section 5.10(g)), the Investor, if it is entitled to nominate a director pursuant to this Section 5.10, may designate an
Investor Designee to replace such Investor Director and, subject to Section 5.10(g) and any applicable provisions of the DGCL, the Company shall cause such Investor Designee to fill such resulting vacancy; provided,
that such Investor Designee must (x) be reasonably acceptable to the Board (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld), (y) qualify as an independent director pursuant to the NASDAQ listing standards and (z) have a
comparable amount of relevant financial and business experience to the Investor Director being replaced. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, if a replacement Director (a Replacement Director) is appointed to the Board
pursuant to this Section 5.10(e), all references in this Agreement to the term Investor Director will include such Replacement Director, as applicable. 

(f) Nomination Rights. The Company agrees that the Board shall (A) include the Investor Designees (as applicable),
together with the other persons recommended by the Board, in the Companys slate of nominees for election as directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting in accordance with this Section 5.10, each to serve a term expiring at
the Companys 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting); and (B) if, at least 30 days prior to the opening of the director nomination window for the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Investor Parties inform
the Company they desire to extend the term of this Agreement by an additional year (any such notice, an Extension Election), include the Investor Designees (as applicable), together with the other persons recommended by the Board,
in the Companys slate of nominees for election as a director for an additional term of one year at the applicable upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts (which will include the solicitation of
proxies) to obtain the election of such Investor Designees at the 2025 Annual Meeting (for the avoidance of doubt, the Company will only be required to use substantially the same level of efforts and provide substantially the same level of support
as is used and/or provided for the other director nominees of the Company with respect to the 2025 Annual Meeting), and, as applicable, at the 2026 Annual Meeting. 

(g) Fall-Away. Upon the occurrence of any Fall-Away of Investor Board Rights, at the request of the Board, the Investor
Parties shall cause one Investor Director to immediately resign from the Board and any committees thereof effective as of the date such Fall-Away of Investor Board Rights has occurred, and following the date of the Fall-Away of Investor Board Rights
described in clause (B) of such definition, the Investor Parties shall no longer have any rights under this Section 5.10, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any designation, nomination or replacement rights under
this Section 5.10. The Investor shall provide prompt written notice to the Company upon occurrence of any Fall-Away of Investor Board Rights. 

27 

(h) Director Requirements. The Companys obligations to have any
Investor Designee elected to the Board or any committee thereof or nominate any Investor Designee for election as a director at any meeting of the Companys stockholders pursuant to this Section 5.10, as applicable,
shall in each case be subject to such Investor Designees satisfaction of all requirements regarding service as a director of the Company under applicable Law and stock exchange rules regarding service as a director of the Company and all other
criteria and qualifications for service as a director applicable to all directors of the Company that have been publicly disclosed or otherwise disclosed to such Investor Designee. The Investor Parties will cause each Investor Designee to make
himself or herself reasonably available for interviews and to consent to such reference and background checks or other investigations as the Board may reasonably request to determine the Investor Designees eligibility and qualification to
serve as a director of the Company. No Investor Designee shall be eligible to serve on the Board if he or she has been involved in any of the events enumerated under Item 2(d) of Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act or Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, is a Bad Actor as defined in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) promulgated under the Securities Act or is subject to any Judgment prohibiting service as a director of any public
company. As a condition to any Investor Designees election to the Board or nomination for election as a director of the Company at any meeting of the Companys stockholders, the Investor Parties and the Investor Designee must provide to
the Company: 

(i) a fully completed and executed copy of the Companys director & officer questionnaire; 

(ii) all other information requested by the Company that is required to be or is customarily disclosed for directors,
candidates for directors and their respective Affiliates and Representatives in a proxy statement or other filings in accordance with applicable Law, any stock exchange rules or listing standards or the Company Charter Documents or corporate
governance guidelines, in each case, relating to the Investor Designees election as a director of the Company or the Companys operations in the ordinary course of business; 

(iii) all other information reasonably requested by the Company in connection with assessing eligibility and other criteria
applicable to directors or satisfying compliance and legal or regulatory obligations, in each case, relating to the Investor Designees nomination or election, as applicable, as a director of the Company or the Companys operations in the
ordinary course of business; and 

(iv) a fully completed and executed copy of the Companys Statement of
Representations and Agreements by Director Nominee, including an undertaking in writing by the Investor Designee to be subject to, bound by and duly comply with the Companys Worldwide Business Standards, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code
of Ethics, Stock Ownership Policy, conflict of interest policy insider trading policy and any other policies or guidelines of the Company applicable to directors, in each case with such changes thereto (or such successor policies) as are applicable
to all other directors, in each case, as such changes or successor policies are adopted in good faith by the Board; provided that no such code of ethics or insider trading policy shall restrict any transfer of securities by any member of the
Investor Parties or any of their respective Affiliates (other than with respect to the Investor Directors solely in his or her individual capacity). 

28 

The Investor Parties acknowledge and agree that the Investor Designees and their replacement
shall be required, and the Investor Parties shall cause the Investors Designees and their replacements to agree, to waive notice of and recuse themselves from any meetings, deliberations or discussions of the Board or any committee thereof to the
extent relating solely to any Transaction Document, the Transactions or any other transactions involving Sponsor. 

(i)
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify each Investor Director and provide the Investor Directors with director and officer insurance to the same extent as it indemnifies and provides such insurance to other members of the Board,
pursuant to the Company Charter Documents, the DGCL or otherwise. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it (1) is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the Investor Directors are primary and any obligation of the Investor
Parties or their Affiliates to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by any Investor Director are secondary) and (2) shall be required to advance the amount of expenses incurred by any
Investor Director and shall be liable for the amount of all expenses and liabilities incurred by any Investor Director, in each case to the same extent as it indemnifies and provides such insurance to other members of the Board, pursuant to the
Company Charter Documents, the DGCL or otherwise, without regard to any rights any Investor Director may have against the Investor Parties or their Affiliates. 

(j) Blackout Notice. For so long as an Investor Director serves on the Board, the Company shall provide the Investor
Parties with at least two business days advance written notice of each opening and expiration of each blackout period, and the Investor Parties shall not purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any securities of the Company during any
blackout periods applicable to all directors under the Companys insider trading policy, as amended from time to time. 

(k) Reimbursement. The parties hereto agree that any Investor Directors shall be entitled to reimbursement from the
Company for the reasonable out-of-pocket fees or expenses incurred in connection with his or her service as a director of the Board, in each case, in a manner consistent
with the Companys practices with respect reimbursement for other members of the Board, including reimbursement pursuant to customary indemnification arrangements. 

Section 5.11 Voting. Each Investor Party agrees with the Company, severally and not jointly, that, during the
Term, subject to any applicable Law, stock exchange rules or listing standards: 

(a) At each meeting of the stockholders of
the Company during the Term (including, if applicable, through the execution of one or more written consents if stockholders of the Company are requested to vote through the execution of an action by written consent in lieu of any such annual or
special meeting of stockholders of the 

29 

Company) and at every postponement or adjournment thereof, each Investor Party shall take such action as may be required so that all of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly, by such Investor Party or its Affiliates and entitled to vote at such meeting of stockholders (excluding the Acquired Shares) are voted, or consent is given or revoked, in the same manner as recommended by the Board with respect to the
election or removal of directors and any other proposal made by another stockholder. For the avoidance of doubt, each Investor Party shall ensure they are entitled to vote each share of Common Stock, which is then held by such Investor Party
(excluding the Acquired Shares) on the applicable record date for each meeting of stockholders or solicitation of consents in lieu of a meeting. 

(b) Each Investor Party shall be present, in Person or by proxy, at all meetings of the stockholders of the Company during the
Term so that all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Investor Party or its Affiliates (excluding the Acquired Shares) may be counted for the purposes of determining the presence of a quorum and voted in accordance with
Section 5.11(a) at such meetings (including at any adjournments or postponements thereof). The foregoing provision shall also apply to the execution by such Persons of any consent in lieu of a meeting of holders of shares
of Common Stock. 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Acquired Shares shall not be subject to the requirements of this
Section 5.11. 

Section 5.12 Tax Matters. The Company and its paying agent shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold Taxes on all payments on the Acquired Shares to the extent required by the Code, Treasury Regulations or other applicable Law. Promptly following the date of this Agreement or, in the case of an Investor Transferee,
the date such Investor Transferee first acquires any Acquired Shares, each Investor Party shall deliver to the Company or its paying agent a duly executed, accurate and properly completed Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-9 or an appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable. If the information on any such form provided by such Investor Party changes, or upon the Companys reasonable
request, such Investor Party shall provide the Company with an updated version of such form. 

Section 5.13 [Reserved]. 

Section 5.14 KKR. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, none of the terms or provisions of this Agreement
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 5.08) shall in any way limit the activities of Sponsor or any of its Affiliates, other than the Investor Parties, in their businesses distinct from Sponsors business of
managing investment funds and managed accounts (the Excluded Sponsor Parties), so long as (i) no such Excluded Sponsor Party or any of its Representatives is acting on behalf of or at the direction of any Investor Party with
respect to any matter that otherwise would violate any term or provision of this Agreement and (ii) no Confidential Information is made available to directors, officers or employees of any Excluded Sponsor Party who operates in a business
distinct from Sponsors business of managing investment funds and managed accounts by or on behalf of any Investor Party or any of their Representatives, except with respect to any such directors, officers or employees who are
(x) compliance personnel for compliance purposes or (y) non-compliance personnel of Sponsor who are directors or officers of, or function in a similar oversight role at, such Affiliate as long as
Confidential Information is not otherwise disclosed to such Affiliate. 

30 

(b) The Investor and the Company agree and acknowledge that, subject to
applicable Law and Section 5.06 herein, any Investor Directors designated by the Investor Parties may share Confidential Information about the Company and its Subsidiaries with Sponsor and its Affiliates solely for the
purposes of monitoring, administering or managing the Investor Parties investment in the Company made pursuant to this Agreement, subject to adequate procedures being maintained to prevent such information being used in connection with the
purchase or sale of securities of the Company in violation of applicable Law; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Confidential Information shall be shared with any portfolio companies (as such term is customarily used
among institutional investors) in which any Investor Party or any of its Affiliates has an investment (whether as debt or equity), except with respect to any directors, officers or employees who are (x) compliance personnel for compliance
purposes or (y) non-compliance personnel of Sponsor who are directors of, or function in a similar oversight role at, such portfolio company as long as Confidential Information is not otherwise disclosed
to such portfolio company. 

(c) The Investor Parties and the Company hereby agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by
Law, when any Investor Party takes any action under this Agreement to give or withhold its consent, such Investor Party shall have no duty (fiduciary or other) to consider the interests of the Company or the other stockholders of the Company and may
act exclusively in its own interest; provided, however, that the foregoing shall in no way affect the obligations of the parties hereto to comply with the provisions of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing sentence
shall not limit or otherwise affect the fiduciary duties of any Investor Directors or Investor Designees. 

Section 5.15 Financing Cooperation. So long as the applicable financial institution agrees with the Company (or
with an Investor Party with the Company as an express third party beneficiary of such agreement) that following any foreclosure it shall not directly or indirectly transfer (other than pursuant to a broadly distributed offering or sale effected
through a broker-dealer) such foreclosed shares of Common Stock to a competitor of the Company or in a transaction that would violate Section 5.08(g) if conducted by the Investor Party, then, if requested by any Investor Party, the Company will
provide the following cooperation, at the sole cost and expense of the Investor Parties (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants), in connection with such Investor Party obtaining any
Permitted Loan: (i) entering into an issuer agreement (an Issuer Agreement) with each lender and the relevant Investor Party in customary form in connection with such transactions (which agreement may include, without
limitation, agreements and obligations of the Company relating to procedures and specified time periods for effecting transfers upon foreclosure, agreements to not hinder or delay exercises of remedies on foreclosure, acknowledgments regarding
corporate policy, if applicable, certain acknowledgments regarding securities Law status of the pledge arrangements and a specified list of competitors) and subject to the consent of the Company (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
(ii) using reasonable best efforts to (A) remove any 

31 

restrictive legends on certificates representing pledged Acquired Shares and depositing such pledged Acquired Shares in book entry form on the books of The Depository Trust Company when eligible
to do so (and providing any necessary indemnities to the transfer agent in connection therewith) or (B) without limiting the generality of clause (A), if such Acquired Shares is eligible for resale under Rule 144A, depositing such pledged
Acquired Shares in book entry form on the books of The Depository Trust Company or other depository with customary Rule 144A restrictive legends in lieu of the legends specified in Section 5.09 above, (iii) if so
requested by such lender and consented to by the relevant Investor Party, re-registering the pledged Acquired Shares in the name of the relevant lender, custodian or similar party to a Permitted Loan, solely
as securities intermediary and only to the extent such Investor Party or its Affiliates continues to beneficially own such pledged Acquired Shares, (iv) entering into customary triparty agreements with each lender and such Investor Party
relating to the delivery of the Acquired Shares to the relevant lender upon funding of the relevant Permitted Loan and payment of the Purchase Price including a right for such lender as a Third Party beneficiary of the Companys obligations
hereunder to issue the Acquired Shares upon payment of the Purchase Price therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (v) such other cooperation and assistance as such Investor Party may reasonably request that will not
unreasonably disrupt the operation of the Companys business. The Investor Parties acknowledge and agree that nothing in this Section 5.15 shall require the Company to deliver information, compliance certificates or any other materials
typically provided by borrowers to lenders, or otherwise facilitate due diligence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, the Companys obligation to deliver an Issuer Agreement is conditioned on such Investor Party
certifying to the Company in writing (A) that the loan agreement with respect to which the Issuer Agreement is being delivered constitutes a Permitted Loan being entered into in accordance with this Agreement, the Investor has pledged the
Acquired Shares as collateral to the lenders under such Permitted Loan and that the execution of such Permitted Loan and the terms thereof do not violate the terms of this Agreement or applicable law, (B) to the extent applicable, whether the
registration rights under the Registration Rights Agreement are being assigned to the lenders under that Permitted Loan and (C) that such Investor Party acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be relying on such certification when
entering into the Issuer Agreement and any inaccuracy in such certificate will be deemed a breach of this Agreement. The Investor Parties acknowledge and agree that the statements and agreements of the Company in an Issuer Agreement are solely for
the benefit of the applicable lenders party thereto and that in any dispute between the Company and the Investor Parties under this Agreement, the Investor Parties shall not be entitled to use the statements and agreements of the Company in an
Issuer Agreement against the Company. 

Section 5.16 Exclusivity. Until the earlier of the Closing or the termination of this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Investor, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly (and the Company shall not authorize or permit any directors, officers or employees of the Company to, and
shall not permit any of its Affiliates or Representatives to) (i) enter into any agreement with respect to any Competing Securities Issuance or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to
consummate any of the Transactions or (ii) participate in any way in discussions or negotiations with, or furnish any information to, any Person in connection with, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
proposal that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any Competing Securities Issuance. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to take all actions reasonably necessary to ensure that the directors,
officers and employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, do not, and to the extent within the Companys control, other Affiliates or Representatives do not take or do any of the actions referenced in the immediately foregoing sentence.

32 

Section 5.17 Section 16 Matters. If the Company
becomes a party to a consolidation, merger or other similar transaction or otherwise or if there is any event or circumstance that may result in the Investor, its Affiliates and/or any Investor Directors being deemed to have made a disposition or
acquisition of equity securities of the Company or derivatives thereof for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and if the Investor Director is serving on the Board at such time or has served on the Board during the preceding six months
(i) the Board or a committee thereof composed solely of two or more non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act will pre-approve such acquisition or disposition of equity securities of the Company or derivatives thereof for the express purpose of exempting the Investor and its Affiliates and any Investor Directors
interests (for the Investor Parties and/or their respective Affiliates, to the extent such Persons may be deemed to be directors by deputization) in such transaction from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 thereunder and (ii) if the transaction involves (A) a merger or consolidation to which the Company is a party and the Common Stock is, in whole or in part, converted into or exchanged for equity
securities of a different issuer, (B) a potential acquisition or deemed acquisition, or disposition or deemed disposition, by the Investor, its Affiliates, and/or any Investor Directors of equity securities of such other issuer or derivatives
thereof and (C) an Affiliate or other designee of the Investor or any of its Affiliates will serve on the board of directors (or its equivalent) of such other issuer pursuant to the terms of an agreement to which the Company is a party (or if
the Investor notifies the Company of such service a reasonable time in advance of the closing of such transactions), then if the Company requires that the other issuer pre-approve any acquisition of equity
securities or derivatives thereof for the express purpose of exempting the interests of any director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in such transactions from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 thereunder, the Company shall require that such other issuer pre-approve any such acquisitions of equity securities or derivatives thereof for the express purpose of
exempting the interests of the Investor, its Affiliates and any Investor Directors (for the Investor Parties and/or their respective Affiliates, to the extent such Persons may be deemed to be directors by deputization of such other
issuer) in such transactions from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 thereunder. 

Section 5.18 Value Creation Initiatives. 

(a) As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date hereof, the Company and the Investor agree to cooperate in good
faith to develop a mutually agreed value creation plan (such plan, the Value Creation Plan). 

(b) As
promptly as reasonably practicable following the date hereof, the Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to engage (x) KKR Capstone on commercially reasonable, mutually agreed terms, and (y) such other advisors as may be
mutually agreed by the Company and the Investor Parties, in each case, to assist with the evaluation and implementation of value creation initiatives.

33 

(c) During the Term, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to take such actions as shall be mutually agreed upon in the Value Creation Plan by the Company and the Investor Parties to facilitate value creation. 

Section 5.19 [Reserved]. 

Section 5.20 Derivative Settlement. As promptly as reasonably practicable following (x) the satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Section 6.01(b) and 6.01(c) and (y) notification by the Company to the Investor Parties of an open trading window under the Companys Insider Trading Policy, but in any event prior
to the date that is 52 days from the date of this Agreement (the Conversion Date) (subject only to the conditions described in the preceding clauses (x) and (y)), the Investor Parties shall convert, unwind or otherwise
exercise their rights under any derivative instruments held by the Investor Parties in reference to the Common Stock as of the date hereof, or otherwise purchase shares of Common Stock, such that as a result of such actions the Investor Parties have
beneficial ownership and voting power over at least 11,978,510 Voting Securities (excluding the Acquired Shares) as of the Conversion Date. 

ARTICLE VI 

Conditions to
Closing 

Section 6.01 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company and the Investor. The respective
obligations of each of the Company and the Investor to effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following condition: 

(a) no temporary or permanent Judgment shall have been enacted, promulgated, issued, entered, amended or enforced by any
Governmental Authority nor shall any proceeding brought by a Governmental Authority seeking any of the foregoing be pending, or any applicable Law shall be in effect enjoining or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Transactions (collectively,
Restraints); 

(b) any waiting period (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act applicable to the
Transactions and any agreement with any Governmental Authority not to consummate the Transactions shall have expired or shall have been terminated; and 

(c) all applicable consents and approvals or statements of non-jurisdiction of the
Governmental Authorities set forth on Section 4.03 of the Investor Disclosure Letter (the Applicable Foreign Filings) shall have been obtained, or the applicable waiting periods (and any extensions thereof) shall have
expired. 

Section 6.02 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the Closing
shall be further subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions: 

(a) the representations and warranties of the Investor set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date); 

34 

(b) the Investor shall have complied with or performed in all material
respects its obligations required to be complied with or performed by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing; and 

(c) the Company shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of each Investor Party (including any Investor Transferees)
by a duly authorized officer thereof, certifying that, with respect to such Investor Party the conditions set forth in Section 6.02(a) and Section 6.02(b) have been satisfied; provided that
with respect to any Investor Transferee, the foregoing references in clauses (a) and (b) above to this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Joinder that such Investor Transferee (and the Company) executed and delivered. 

Section 6.03 Conditions to the Obligations of the Investor. The obligations of the Investor to effect the Closing shall be further
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of all of the conditions set forth below: 

(a) the representations and warranties of the Company (i) set forth in Sections 3.01(a), 3.02,
3.03(a), 3.10,3.11, 3.12, and 3.14 and the first sentence of Section 3.13 shall be true and correct (disregarding all qualifications or limitations as to materiality,
Material Adverse Effect and words of similar import set forth therein) in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), (ii) set forth in Section 3.06 shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with
the same effect as though made on and as of such date and (iii) set forth in this Agreement, other than in Sections 3.01(a), 3.02, 3.03(a), 3.06, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, and 3.14 and the first
sentence of Section 3.13, shall be true and correct (disregarding all qualifications or limitations as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect and words of similar import set forth therein) as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), except, in the case of this clause
(iii), where the failure to be true and correct has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; 

(b) the Company shall have complied with or performed in all material respects its obligations required to be complied with or
performed by it pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing; and 

(c) the Investor shall have received a
certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by a duly authorized officer thereof, certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 6.03(a) and 6.03(b) have been satisfied. 

35 

ARTICLE VII 

Termination; Survival 

Section 7.01 Termination. Subject to Section 7.02, this Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing: 

(a) by the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investor; 

(b) by either the Company or the Investor upon written notice to the other, if the Closing and the full performance by the
Investor Parties of their obligations under Section 5.20 have not occurred on or prior to July 28, 2025 (the Termination Date); provided that the right to terminate this Agreement under this
Section 7.01(b) shall not be available to any party if any breach by such party of its representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement or the failure of such party to perform any of its obligations under this
Agreement has been a principal cause of or primarily resulted in the events specified in this Section 7.01(b); 

(c) by either the Company or the Investor if any Restraint enjoining or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Transactions
shall be in effect and shall have become final and non-appealable prior to the Closing Date; provided that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(c)
shall not be available to any party unless such party has complied in all material respects with its obligations under Section 5.02; 

(d) by the Investor if the Company shall have breached any of its representations or warranties or failed to perform any of its
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(b) and
(ii) is incapable of being cured prior to the Termination Date, or if capable of being cured, shall not have been cured within thirty (30) calendar days (but in no event later than the Termination Date) following receipt by the Company of
written notice of such breach or failure to perform from the Investor stating the Investors intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(d) and the basis for such termination; provided
that the Investor shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(d) if the Investor is then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder
which breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or Section 6.02(b); or 

(e) by the Company if the Investor shall have breached any of its representations or warranties or failed to perform any of its
covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or Section 6.02(b) and
(ii) is incapable of being cured prior to the Termination Date, or if capable of being cured, shall not have been cured within thirty (30) calendar days (but in no event later than the Termination Date) following receipt by the Investor of
written notice of such breach or failure to perform from the Company stating the Companys intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) and the basis for such termination; provided that
the Company shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.01(e) if the Company is then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements hereunder which
breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(b). 

36 

Section 7.02 Effect of Termination. Any termination of this Agreement as
provided in Section 7.01, shall be effective upon delivery of written notice thereof to the other party, specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such termination is made, and (a) with respect to a termination
pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or Section 7.01(b), this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void (other than this Section 7.02 and Article VIII, all of which
shall survive termination of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement (which shall survive in accordance with its terms except as otherwise provided herein)), and there shall be no liability on the part of the Investor or the Company in
connection with this Agreement and (b) with respect to a termination pursuant to Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(d) or Section 7.01(e), the provisions of this Agreement relating to the Purchase shall forthwith become null and void,
and there shall be no liability on the part of the Investor or the Company in connection with the Purchase, except that no such termination shall relieve any party hereto from liability for damages to another party resulting from a Willful Breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement prior to the date of termination or from Fraud. Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, except in the case of Fraud, whether or not this Agreement is
terminated, neither the Investor nor the Company shall have any such liability in excess of the Purchase Price. 

Section 7.03
Survival. All of the representations and warranties, covenants or other agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement, other than those covenants or agreements that by their terms are to be performed following the Closing (which shall
survive the Closing until fully performed or fulfilled in accordance with their terms, unless and to the extent that non-compliance with such covenants or agreements is waived in writing by the party entitled
to such performance), shall terminate at the Closing. 

ARTICLE VIII 

Miscellaneous 

Section 8.01 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended or supplemented in any and all respects only by written agreement of the
parties hereto. 

Section 8.02 Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc. The Company and the Investor may, subject to applicable
Law and pursuant to a written instrument delivered by such party, (a) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, (b) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or acts of the other party contained herein or (c) waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements contained herein applicable to such party or, except as otherwise provided herein, waive
any of such partys conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure or delay by the Company or any Investor Party in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right hereunder. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
such party. 

Section 8.03 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall
be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise, by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other party hereto; provided, however, that (a) the Investor or any Investor Party may
assign its rights, interests and obligations 

37 

under this Agreement, in whole or in part (including, without limitation, the right to purchase the Acquired Shares at the Closing, as applicable, in accordance with
Section 2.02), to one or more Investor Transferees and (b) in the event of such assignment, the assignee shall agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, including the rights, interests and
obligations so assigned (including, in the case of the Investor Transferees, by executing and delivering to the Company a joinder in a form acceptable to the Company (such applicable joinder, a Joinder)); provided that no such
assignment will relieve any Investor Party of its obligations hereunder prior to the Closing, as applicable; provided, further, that no party hereto shall assign any of its obligations hereunder with the primary intent of avoiding, circumventing or
eliminating such partys obligations hereunder. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. 

Section 8.04 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other parties
hereto. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile or electronic mail (including .pdf) and may be signed by electronic signature, and any such counterpart shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all
purposes. 

Section 8.05 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries; No Recourse. (a) This Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, including the Confidentiality Agreement, the Equity Commitment Letter and the Registration Rights Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and
oral, among the parties and their Affiliates, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

(b)
No provision of this Agreement shall confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their permitted assigns any rights or remedies hereunder, except that the Non-Recourse Parties shall be Third Party
beneficiaries of this Section 8.05(b). This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claims or causes of action that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or
performance of this Agreement may only be made against the entities that are expressly identified as parties hereto, including entities that become parties hereto after the date of this Agreement or that agree in writing for the benefit of the
Company to be bound by the terms of this Agreement applicable to the Investor Parties, and no former, current or future equityholders, controlling Persons, directors, officers, employees, general or limited partner, member, manager, advisor, agents,
successors, assigns or Affiliates of any party hereto or any former, current or future equityholder, controlling Person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, advisor, agent successors, assigns or Affiliate of any
of the foregoing (each, a Non-Recourse Party) shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of the parties to this Agreement or for any claim (whether in tort, contract or
otherwise) based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby or in respect of any representations (whether written or oral) made or alleged to be made in connection herewith, and no personal liability shall attach to, be
imposed upon or otherwise be incurred by the Non-Recourse Parties through the Company, 

38 

the Investor or otherwise, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate (or partnership or limited liability company) veil, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or
equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or applicable Law, or otherwise, except for the Companys rights under the Equity Commitment Letter in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the rights of any party against the
other parties hereto, in no event shall any party or any of its Affiliates seek to enforce this Agreement against, make any claims for breach of this Agreement against, or seek to recover monetary damages from, any
Non-Recourse Party. 

Section 8.06 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. (a) This Agreement
and all matters, claims or Actions (whether at law, in equity, in Contract, in tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (collectively, the
Relevant Matters), shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under any applicable conflict of Laws principles. 

(b) All Actions arising out of or relating to any Relevant Matter shall be heard and determined in the Chancery Court of the
State of Delaware (or, if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over any Action, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware) and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of such courts in any such Action and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction to the maintenance of any such Action. The consents to jurisdiction and venue set forth in this
Section 8.06 shall not constitute general consents to service of process in the State of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this Section 8.06(b) and shall not
be deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the parties hereto. Each party hereto agrees that service of process upon such party in any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be effective if notice is given by overnight
courier at the address set forth in Section 8.09 of this Agreement. The parties hereto and the parties hereby waive any right to stay or dismiss any action or proceeding in connection with any Relevant Matter brought before
the foregoing courts on the basis of (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason or that it or any of its property is immune from the above-described legal process, (ii) that
such action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that venue for the action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, or (iii) any other defense that would hinder or delay the levy,
execution or collection of any amount to which any party hereto is entitled pursuant to any final judgment of any court having jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Law; provided that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from, a
final trial court judgment. 

Section 8.07 Specific Enforcement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage for which
monetary relief, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any provision of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its specific terms or is otherwise breached, including if the parties hereto fail
to take any action required of them hereunder to cause the Closing to occur. The parties acknowledge and agree that (a) the parties 

39 

shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the
terms and provisions hereof in the courts described in Section 8.06 without proof of damages or otherwise (in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 8.07), this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled under this Agreement and (b) the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of the Transactions and without that right, neither the Company nor the Investor would have entered into
this Agreement. The parties hereto agree not to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason, and agree not to assert that a remedy of monetary damages would provide an
adequate remedy or that the parties otherwise have an adequate remedy at Law. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 8.07 shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or injunction. 

Section 8.08 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
RELEVANT MATTER IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY RELEVANT MATTER. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVER, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.08. 

Section 8.09 Notices. All
notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, emailed (which is confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the
following addresses: 

(a) 

If to the Company, at: 

Henry Schein, Inc. 

135 Duryea
Road 

Melville, New York 11747 

Attention: Walter Siegel, Kelly Murphy 

Email: [*** - personal information] 

40 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton 

One Liberty Plaza 

New York, NY
10006 

Attention: Paul J. Shim, Kyle A. Harris 

Email: pshim@cgsh.com / kaharris@cgsh.com 

(b) 

If to the Investor, at: 

KKR Hawaii Aggregator L.P. 

c/o
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. 

2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200 

Menlo Park, CA 94025 

Attention: Hunter Craig, and Max Lin 

Email: [*** - personal information] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

601 Lexington Avenue 

New York,
New York 10022 

Attention: Jennifer S. Perkins, P.C., Joshua Korff, P.C., Shaun J. Mathew, 

P.C., Edward J. Lee, P.C. 

Email: jennifer.perkins@kirkland.com / joshua.korff@kirkland.com / 

shaun.mathew@kirkland.com / edward.lee@kirkland.com 

(c) If to another Investor Party, to the address(es) and e-mail(s) set forth in such
Investor Partys Joinder; 

or such other address or email address as such party may hereafter specify by like notice to the other parties hereto. All
such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of actual receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. local time in the place of receipt and such day is a Business Day in the place of receipt.
Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the next succeeding Business Day in the place of receipt. 

Section 8.10 Severability. If any term, condition or other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any
term, condition or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Law. 

Section 8.11 Expenses. All costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of
counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. 

41 

Section 8.12 Interpretation. (a) When a reference is made in this Agreement
to an Article, a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they
shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to
this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement unless the context requires otherwise. The terms or, any and either are not exclusive. The word
extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if. The word will shall be
construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. The words made available to the Investor and words of similar import refer to documents delivered in Person or electronically to the Investor or
its Representatives in each case no later than one (1) Business Day prior to the date of this Agreement. All accounting terms used and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. The definitions contained in
this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of
statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to dollars or $
shall refer to the lawful money of the United States. References to a Person are also to its permitted assigns and successors. When calculating the period of time between which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken
pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded (and unless, otherwise required by Law, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period in question shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day). 

(b) The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this
Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party
hereto by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. 

Section 8.13 Investor Representative. Each Investor
Party hereby consents to and authorizes (a) the appointment of the Investor as the Investor Representative hereunder (the Investor Representative) and as the agent, proxy, and attorney-in-fact for and on behalf of such Investor Party, and (b) the taking by the Investor Representative of any and all actions and the making of any decisions required or permitted by, or with
respect to, this Agreement and the Transactions, including (i) the exercise of the power to agree to execute any consents under this Agreement and (ii) to take all actions necessary in the judgment of the Investor Representative for the
accomplishment of the foregoing and all of the other terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement and the Transactions. Each Investor Party shall be bound by the actions taken by the Investor Representative exercising the rights granted to it
by this Agreement, and the Company shall be entitled to rely on any such action or decision of the Investor Representative. If the Investor 

42 

Representative shall resign or otherwise be unable to fulfill its responsibilities hereunder, the Investor Parties shall appoint a new Investor Representative as soon as reasonably practicable by
written consent of the Investor Parties by sending notice and a copy of the duly executed written consent appointing such new Investor Representative to the Company. 

Section 8.14 Not a Group; Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The Investor Parties
and the Company agree that the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement are not intended to constitute the formation of a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act). Each Investor Party agrees that, for purposes
of determining beneficial ownership of such Investor Party and its Investor Transferees, it shall disclaim any beneficial ownership by virtue of this Agreement of any Acquired Shares owned by the other Investor Parties (other than such Investor
Partys Investor Transferees), and the Company agrees to recognize such disclaimer in its Exchange Act and Securities Act reports. The obligations of each Investor Party under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any
other Investor Party, and no Investor Party shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor Party under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor Party pursuant hereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Investor Parties as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investor Parties do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the
Investor Parties are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the Company acknowledges that the Investor Parties are not acting in concert or as a
group by virtue of this Agreement, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Investor Party shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its
rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor Party to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. 

[Signature page follows] 

43 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly
authorized signatories of the parties as of the date hereof. 

KKR HAWAII AGGREGATOR L.P.

BY: KKR Hawaii Aggregator GP LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Max Lin

Name: Max Lin

Title: President

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

By: /s/ Mark Mlotek

Name: Mark Mlotek

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer

Exhibit A 

Form of Press Release 

[Press Release to be provided separately] 

Exhibit A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d925485dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of [], 2025 (the Agreement), by and among Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and KKR Hawaii Aggregator L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor). The Investor and any other party that may become a party hereto pursuant to
Section 10(c) are referred to collectively as the Stockholders and individually each as a Stockholder. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Investor are parties to the Strategic Partnership Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025 (as amended from time to time, the Partnership Agreement), pursuant to which the Company is selling to the Investor, and
the Investor is purchasing from the Company, an aggregate of 3,285,152 shares of Common Stock; 

WHEREAS, as a condition to the obligations
of the Company and the Investor under the Partnership Agreement, the Company and the Investor are entering into this Agreement for the purpose of granting certain registration and other rights to the Stockholders. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and of the mutual promises hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as
follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following respective meanings: 

Adverse Disclosure means public disclosure of material non-public information that,
in the good faith judgment of the Company (after consultation with external legal counsel): (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or report filed with the SEC by the Company so that such registration statement would not
contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; (ii) would not be required to be
made at such time but for the filing, effectiveness or continued use of such Registration Statement; and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not disclosing publicly. 

Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is
under common control with, such Person. For this purpose, control (including its correlative meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control with), with
respect to the relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, as trustee or executor, by contract or otherwise. 

Business Day or business day means
any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed in New York City. 

Charitable Gifting Event means any transfer by a Holder, or any
subsequent transfer by such Holders members, partners or other employees, in connection with a bona fide gift to any Charitable Organization made in connection with sales of Registrable Securities by a Holder pursuant to an effective
registration statement. 

Charitable Organization means a charitable organization as described by Section 501(c)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect from time to time. 

Common Stock means all shares currently or
hereafter existing of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share. 

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor statute thereto and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

Holdback Period means the period commencing on the date of an underwriters request (which shall be no earlier than
four (4) Business Days prior to the expected pricing of the related underwritten offering) and continuing for not more than 90 calendar days after the date of the final prospectus (or final prospectus supplement if the offering is
made pursuant to a shelf registration), pursuant to which such underwritten offering shall be made, or such lesser period as is required by such underwriters (which shall also apply equally to all Holders). 

Holder means any Stockholder holding Registrable Securities. 

Investor Transferee has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 

Law means state or federal laws, common law, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules or regulations or other similar requirement
enacted, adopted, promulgated, or applied by any government, court, regulatory or administrative agency, commission, arbitrator or authority or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental official or entity (in each case including any
self-regulatory organization), whether federal, state or local, domestic, foreign or multinational. 

Nasdaq means The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

Permitted Loan has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, limited or general partnership, joint venture,
association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, any other form of entity or any group comprised of two or more of the foregoing. 

Prospectus means the prospectus included in any Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that
discloses information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect
to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by
reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

2 

register, registered and
registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in compliance with the Securities Act, and the declaration or ordering of the effectiveness of such registration statement or the
automatic effectiveness of such registration statement, as applicable. 

Registrable Securities means, as of any date of
determination, any shares of Common Stock currently held or hereafter acquired by the Stockholders and any other securities issued with respect to (or issuable upon the conversion, exchange, exercise or settlement of any warrant, right or other
security which is issued with respect to) any such shares of Common Stock by way of share split, share dividend, distribution, recapitalization, merger, exchange, replacement or similar event or otherwise. As to any particular Registrable
Securities, once issued, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when (i) they are sold pursuant to an effective Registration Statement under the Securities Act, (ii) they are sold pursuant to Rule 144 (or other exemption
from registration under the Securities Act), (iii) in the case of a Holder, all shares of Common Stock held by such Holder constitute less than 1% of all outstanding shares of Common Stock, (iv) they shall have ceased to be outstanding or
(v) they have been sold in a private transaction in which the transferors rights under this Agreement are not assigned to the transferee of the securities. 

Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with the SEC under the Securities Act which
covers any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all material
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement. 

Rule 144 means
Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency at the time administering the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor statute thereto
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

2. Incidental Registrations. 

(a) Right to Include Registrable Securities. If the Company proposes to register its Common Stock under the Securities Act (other than
pursuant to a Registration Statement filed by the Company on Form S-4 or S-8, or any successor or other forms promulgated for similar purposes or filed solely in
connection with an exchange offer or any employee benefit or dividend reinvestment plan), whether or not for sale for its own account, in a manner which would permit registration of Registrable Securities for sale to the public under the Securities
Act, it will, at each such time, give prompt written notice to all Holders of its intention to do so and of such Holders rights under this Section 2. Upon the written request of any such Holder made within seven
(7) calendar days after the receipt of any such notice (which request shall specify the Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of by such Holder), the Company will use its reasonable best

3 

efforts to effect the registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities which the Company has been so requested to register by the Holders thereof, to the extent required to
permit the disposition of the Registrable Securities to be registered; provided that (i) if, at any time after giving written notice of its intention to register any securities and prior to the effective date of the Registration
Statement filed in connection with such registration, the Company shall determine for any reason not to proceed with the proposed registration of the securities to be sold by it, the Company may, at its election, give written notice of such
determination to each Holder and, thereupon, shall be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable Securities in connection with such registration (but not from its obligation to pay the registration expenses pursuant to
Section 7 hereof in connection therewith), without prejudice to the rights of the Holders to request that such registration be effected as a registration under Section 3, and (ii) if such
registration involves an underwritten offering, all Holders requesting to be included in the Companys registration and to participate in the underwritten offering must sell their Registrable Securities to the underwriters selected by the
Company on the same terms and conditions as apply to the Company, with such differences, including any with respect to indemnification and liability, as are customary in combined primary and secondary offerings by the Company and the Holders. If a
registration requested pursuant to this Section 2(a) involves an underwritten public offering, any Holder requesting to be included in such registration may elect, in writing at least two (2) business days prior to the
effective date of the Registration Statement filed in connection with such registration or, in the case of a takedown from a Shelf Registration Statement, prior to the launch of such takedown, not to register such securities in connection with such
registration; provided that such withdrawal shall be irrevocable and, after making such withdrawal, a Holder shall no longer have any right to include Registrable Securities in the registration as to which such withdrawal was made. The
Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement for a registration requested pursuant to this Section 2(a) beyond the earlier to occur of (i) one hundred and eighty
(180) calendar days after the effective date thereof and (ii) consummation of the distribution by the Holders of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement. 

(b) Priority in Incidental Registrations. The Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of
a proposed underwritten offering to permit Holders who have requested to include Registrable Securities in such offering to include in such offering all Registrable Securities so requested to be included on the same terms and conditions as any other
shares of capital stock, if any, of the Company included in the offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the managing underwriter or underwriters of such underwritten offering have informed the Company in writing that it is their good faith
opinion that the total amount of securities that are intended to be included in such offering is such as to adversely affect the success of such offering (including adversely affect the per-share offering
price), then the amount of securities to be offered shall be reduced to the amount recommended by such managing underwriter or underwriters in its or their good faith opinion, which will be allocated in the following order of priority:
(i) first, the securities to be proposed to be sold by the Company for its own account, (ii) second, if there remains availability for additional shares of Registrable Securities to be included in the underwritten offering, the Registrable
Securities of the Holders that have requested to participate in such underwritten offering, allocated pro rata among such Holders on the basis of the percentage of the Registrable Securities requested to be included in such underwritten
offering by such Holders and (iii) third, if there remains availability for additional shares of Registrable Securities to be included in the underwritten offering, for the account of any other holders of Common Stock that have requested to be
included in such underwritten offering as a result of registration rights or otherwise. 

4 

3. Registration on Request. 

(a) Request by the Demand Party. Subject to the following paragraphs of this Section 3(a), each Holder shall
have the right, by delivering a written notice to the Company, to require the Company to register, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, under and in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the number of Registrable Securities of
such Holder requested to be so registered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (any such written notice, a Demand Notice, any such registration, a Demand Registration and any such Holder, a Demand
Party); provided, however, that a Demand Notice may only be made if the sale of the Registrable Securities requested to be registered by such Holder is reasonably expected to result in aggregate gross cash proceeds in excess
of $50,000,000 (without regard to any underwriting discount or commission); provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to file a registration statement relating to any registration request under this
Section 3(a), (i) within the period as may be specified by the Companys insider trading policy as applicable to Company employees generally for any fiscal quarter or year or any special blackout period as specified by
the Companys insider trading policy (each, a Blackout Period) or (ii) within a period of sixty (60) calendar days after the effective date of any other registration statement relating to any registration request
under this Section 3(a); provided, further, that nothing in this Section 3(a) or elsewhere herein shall be construed as limiting the frequency by which a Holder may effect a Shelf
Underwritten Offering or Non-Underwritten Shelf Take-Down pursuant to Section 3(f). Following receipt of a Demand Notice for a Demand Registration in accordance with this
Section 3(a), the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to file a Registration Statement as promptly as practicable within thirty (30) calendar days (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for
resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, within sixty (60) days thereof) and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective under the Securities Act
as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof. 

No Demand Registration shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this
Section 3 if (i) the Registration Statement relating thereto (x) does not become effective, (y) is not maintained effective for the period required pursuant to this Section 3 or
(z) the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement is subject to a stop order, injunction or similar order or requirement of the SEC during such period, in which case, such requesting Holder shall be entitled
to an additional Demand Registration in lieu thereof, (ii) more than 90% of the Registrable Securities requested by the Demand Party to be included in the registration are not so included pursuant to Section 3(b) or
(iii) in the case of a Demand Registration for an underwritten offering, the conditions to closing specified in any underwriting agreement, purchase agreement or similar agreement entered into in connection with the registration relating to
such request are not satisfied (other than as a result of a material default or breach thereunder by such Demand Party) or otherwise waived by such Demand Party; provided that the Companys obligation to pay the registration expenses
pursuant to Section 7 hereof in connection therewith shall still apply. 

5 

As promptly as practicable within two (2) calendar days after receipt by the Company of
a Demand Notice in accordance with this Section 3(a), the Company shall give written notice (the Demand Follow-up Notice) of such Demand Notice to all other Holders
and shall, subject to the provisions of Section 3(b) hereof, include in such registration all Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company received written requests for inclusion therein within five
(5) calendar days after such Demand Follow-up Notice is given by the Company to such Holders, provided that the Company shall not provide a Demand Follow-up
Notice to any other Holder or holder of the Companys equity securities in the case of a sale of Registrable Securities by any Holder to one or several purchasers pursuant to a Shelf Underwritten Offering by means of a bought deal, a block
trade or a similar transaction that is an underwritten offering (a Block Sale). 

All requests made pursuant to this
Section 3 will specify the number of Registrable Securities to be registered and the intended methods of disposition thereof. 

The Company shall be required to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement with respect to any Demand Registration for a period
of at least one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the effective date thereof or such shorter period during which all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement have actually been sold; provided,
however, that such period shall be extended for a period of time equal to the period the Holder refrains from selling any securities included in such Registration Statement at the request of the Company or an underwriter of the Company
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 

(b) Priority on Demand Registration. If any of the Registrable Securities registered
pursuant to a Demand Registration are to be sold in a firm commitment underwritten offering, and the managing underwriter or underwriters advise the Holders of such securities in writing that in its or their good faith opinion the total number or
dollar amount of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in such offering is such as to adversely affect the success of such offering (including, without limitation, securities proposed to be included by other holders of securities entitled to
include securities in such Registration Statement pursuant to incidental or piggyback registration rights), then there shall be included in such firm commitment underwritten offering the number or dollar amount of Registrable Securities that in the
good faith opinion of such managing underwriter or underwriters can be sold without adversely affecting such offering, and such number of Registrable Securities shall be allocated as follows, unless the underwriter or underwriters require a
different allocation: 

(i) first, to any Holders requesting such Demand Registration (whether pursuant to a Demand Notice
or pursuant to incidental or piggyback registration rights) among such Holders pro rata on the basis of the percentage of Registrable Securities owned by each such Holder relative to the number of Registrable Securities owned by all such Holders;

(ii) second, the securities for which inclusion in such Demand Registration, as the case may be, was requested by any
other holders of Common Stock as a result of registration rights or otherwise; and 

(iii) third, the securities for which
inclusion in such Demand Registration was requested by the Company. 

6 

(c) Cancellation of a Demand Registration. Each Demand Party and the Holders of a
majority of the Registrable Securities which are to be registered in a particular offering pursuant to this Section 3 shall have the right, prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, to notify the Company
that it or they, as the case may be, has or have determined that such Registration Statement be abandoned or withdrawn, in which event the Company shall abandon or withdraw such registration statement. 

(d) Postponements in Requested Registrations. If the Company shall at any time furnish to the Holders a certificate signed by its
chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer or general counsel stating that the filing of a Registration Statement or conducting a Shelf Underwritten Offering or
Non-Underwritten Shelf Take-Down would, in the good faith judgment of the board of directors of the Company (after consultation with external legal counsel), (i) render the Company unable to comply with
applicable securities laws, (ii) require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or (iii) materially interfere with any material proposed acquisition, disposition, financing, reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction
involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries then under consideration, the Company may postpone the filing (but not the preparation) of a Registration Statement or the commencement of a Shelf Underwritten Offering, as applicable, required by
this Section 3 until such circumstance is no longer continuing but not to exceed ninety (90) days (such period, a Postponement Period); provided that the Company shall at all times in good
faith use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause any Registration Statement required by this Section 3 to be filed as soon as possible or any Shelf Underwritten Offering to be conducted as soon as possible, as
applicable; provided, further, that the Company shall not be permitted to commence a Postponement Period pursuant to this Section 3(d) for more than ninety (90) days in the aggregate during any 365-day period. The Company shall promptly give the Holders requesting registration thereof or that delivered a Take-Down Notice, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 3 written notice of
(i) any postponement made in accordance with the preceding sentence and (ii) the end of such postponement period. 

(e) Shelf
Registration Statement. 

(i) Within thirty (30) calendar days of the date hereof, the Company shall file with the
SEC a shelf Registration Statement (on Form S-3 to the extent permissible) (a Shelf Registration Statement) covering the resale of all Registrable Securities, and shall use reasonable best
efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective as promptly as practicable thereafter. Upon filing the Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement
effective with the SEC at all times and to re-file such Shelf Registration Statement upon its expiration, and subject to Sections 3(f) and (g), to cooperate in any shelf take-down, whether or not
underwritten, by amending or supplementing the Prospectus related to such Shelf Registration Statement as may be reasonably requested by the Holders or as otherwise required, until such time as all Registrable Securities that could be sold in such
Shelf Registration Statement have been sold or are no longer outstanding. 

(ii) If the Company is a well-known seasoned
issuer (as defined in Rule 405) (a WKSI) at a time when it is obligated to file a Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall file an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act) on Form S-3 (an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement) in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder,
that covers the Registrable Securities. If at 

7 

any time following the filing of an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement when the Company is required to re-evaluate its WKSI status the Company
determines that it is not a WKSI, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to post-effectively amend the Automatic Shelf Registration Statement to a Shelf Registration Statement that is not automatically effective or file a new Shelf
Registration Statement. 

(iii) To the extent that the Company becomes ineligible to use Form
S-3, the Company shall file a shelf registration statement on Form S-1 registering the Registrable Securities for resale not later than sixty
(60) calendar days after the date of such ineligibility and use its reasonable best efforts to have such registration statement become effective as promptly as practicable. 

(f) Shelf-Take Downs. At any time that a Shelf Registration Statement covering Registrable Securities pursuant to
Section 2 or Section 3 is effective, any Holder (such Holder, the Initiating Holder) may deliver a written notice to the Company (a Take-Down Notice) stating
that it intends to effect an underwritten offering (a Shelf Underwritten Offering) or other non-underwritten sale (a Non-Underwritten Shelf
Take-Down) of all or part of its Registrable Securities included by it on the Shelf Registration Statement, in which case the Company shall amend or supplement the Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary or advisable in order to
enable such Registrable Securities to be distributed pursuant to the Shelf Underwritten Offering (taking into account the inclusion of Registrable Securities by any other holders pursuant to Section 3(b)) or Non-Underwritten Shelf Take-Down; provided, however that the Holders may not, without the Companys prior written consent, (i) launch a Shelf Underwritten Offering the anticipated gross cash
proceeds of which shall be less than $50,000,000 (unless the Holders are proposing to sell all of their remaining Registrable Securities), (ii) launch more than four (4) Shelf Underwritten Offerings at the request of the Holders within any 365-day period; provided, that any Take-Down Notice revoked pursuant to this Section 3(f) shall not count as one of the permitted Shelf Underwritten Offerings at the request of the
Holders; or (iii) launch a Shelf Underwritten Offering within any Blackout Period. Each Holder shall be entitled to deliver an unlimited number of Take-Down Notices to effect a Non-Underwritten Shelf
Take-Down with respect to the Registrable Securities held by such Holder in addition to the other registration rights provided in Section 2 and this Section 3. In connection with any Shelf
Underwritten Offering: 

(i) the Company shall also as promptly as practicable within two (2) business days deliver the
Take-Down Notice to all other Holders with Registrable Securities included on such Shelf Registration Statement and permit each Holder to include its Registrable Securities included on the Shelf Registration Statement in the Shelf Underwritten
Offering if such Holder notifies the Company (who shall notify the Initiating Holder) within two (2) business days after delivery of the Take-Down Notice to such Holder, provided that the Company shall not provide a Take-Down Notice to
any other Holder or holder of the Companys equity securities in the case of a Block Sale by the Initiating Holder; and 

(ii) in the event that the underwriter advises the Company (who shall notify the Initiating Holder) in its good faith opinion
that the total number or dollar amount of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in such offering is such as to adversely affect the success of such offering (including an adverse effect on the per-share
offering price), the underwriter may limit the number of shares which would otherwise be included in such Shelf Underwritten Offering in the same manner as described in Section 3(b) with respect to a limitation of shares to
be included in a registration. 

8 

(g) Selection of Underwriters. If a requested registration pursuant to this
Section 3 involves an underwritten offering, the investment banker(s) and manager(s) and lead investment banker(s) and manager(s) to administer the offering shall be chosen by the Demand Party, provided, that if a
Holder other than the Demand Party will sell at least 50% of the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in such offering, the investment banker(s) and manager(s) and lead investment banker(s) and manager(s) shall be chosen by such other Holder
(such other Holder, if any, the Lead Holder), in each case subject to the approval of the Company (not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld); provided, further, that each Holder and the Company each acknowledge and
agree that KKR Capital Markets LLC (or any related entity through which it conducts business) shall serve as an underwriter for any underwritten offering, if KKR Capital Markets LLC (or any related entity through which it conducts business) agrees
to act as such. If the offering is underwritten, the right of any Holder to registration pursuant to this Section 3 will be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such
Holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting (unless otherwise agreed by the Demand Party), and each such Holder will (together with the Company and the other Holders distributing their securities through such underwriting) enter into an
underwriting agreement and lock-up agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting (including pursuant to the terms of any over-allotment or green
shoe option requested by the managing underwriter(s)); provided that (x) no Holder shall be required to sell more than the number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested the Company to include in any registration
and (y) if any Holder disapproves of the terms of the underwriting, such Holder may elect to withdraw prior to launching the applicable underwritten offering by written notice to the Company, the managing underwriter or underwriters and, in
connection with an underwritten registration pursuant to this Section 3, the Demand Party. 

4. Registration
Procedures. If and whenever the Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act as provided in Section 2 and
Section 3 hereof, the Company shall effect such registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall
cooperate in the sale of the securities and shall, as expeditiously as possible: 

(a) prepare and file, in each case as promptly as
practicable, with the SEC a Registration Statement or Registration Statements on such form as shall be available for the sale of the Registrable Securities by the Holders thereof or by the Company in accordance with the intended method or methods of
distribution thereof, make all required filings with FINRA and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable and to remain effective as provided herein; provided,
however, that before filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto (including any free writing prospectuses under Rule 433 under the Securities Act (each a Free Writing Prospectus)
and including such documents that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall furnish or otherwise make available to the Holders of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement,
their counsel and 

9 

the managing underwriters, if any, copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents will be subject to the reasonable review and comment of such counsel, and such other
documents reasonably requested by such counsel, including any comment letter from the SEC, and, if requested by such counsel, provide such counsel reasonable opportunity to participate in the preparation of such Registration Statement and each
Prospectus included therein and such other opportunities to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act, including reasonable access to the Companys books and records, officers, accountants and other advisors.
The Company shall not file any such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto (including any Free Writing Prospectuses and including such documents that, upon filing, would be incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference therein) with respect to a Demand Registration to which the Demand Party, the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, or their counsel, or the managing underwriters, if
any, shall reasonably object, in writing, on a timely basis, unless, in the opinion of the Company, such filing is necessary to comply with applicable law; 

(b) subject to Section 3(e), prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, post-effective amendments and
supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith and such Free Writing Prospectuses and Exchange Act reports as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective during the period
provided herein and comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement; and cause the related Prospectus to be supplemented
by any Prospectus supplement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant to
Rule 424 (or any similar provisions then in force) under the Securities Act, in each case, until such time as all of such securities have been disposed of in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition by the seller or sellers
thereof set forth in such Registration Statement; 

(c) notify each selling Holder, its counsel and the managing underwriters, if any,
promptly, and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing, (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment or any Free Writing Prospectus has been filed, and, with respect to a Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related Prospectus
or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (iv) if at any time the Company has reason to
believe that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in any agreement (including any underwriting agreement) contemplated by Section 4(n) below cease to be true and correct, (v) of the receipt by
the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose, and (vi) of the happening of any event that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement, related Prospectus, Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement thereto or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in such Registration Statement, Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration 

10 

Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, not
misleading, and that in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading (which notice shall notify the selling Holders only of the occurrence of such an event and shall provide no additional information regarding such event to the extent such information would constitute material non-public information); 

(d) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any order
suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or the lifting of any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction at the earliest date reasonably
practical; 

(e) if requested by the managing underwriters, if any, the Demand Party with respect to the offering or the Holders of a
majority of the then issued and outstanding Registrable Securities being sold in connection with an underwritten offering, promptly include in a Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as the managing underwriters, if any,
or such Demand Party or Holders, as the case may be, may reasonably request in order to permit the intended method of distribution of such Registrable Securities and make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or such post-effective
amendment as soon as practicable after the Company has received such request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to take any actions under this Section 4(e) that are not, in the opinion
of counsel for the Company, in compliance with applicable law; 

(f) deliver to each selling Holder, its counsel, and the underwriters, if
any, without charge, as many copies of the Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of Prospectus) and each amendment, supplement or post-effective amendment thereto as such Persons may reasonably request from time to time in connection with
the distribution of the Registrable Securities; and the Company, subject to the last paragraph of this Section 4, hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling
Holders and the underwriters, if any, in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any such amendment or supplement thereto; 

(g) prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the
selling Holders, the underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from such registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for offer and sale under the
securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any seller or underwriter reasonably requests in writing and to keep each such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the
period such Registration Statement is required to be kept effective and to take any other action that may be necessary or advisable to enable such Holders to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdiction in
accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition thereof; provided, however, that the Company will not be required to (i) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so required to
qualify but for this paragraph (g) or (ii) take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject (other than service of process in connection with such registration or
qualification or any sale of Registrable Securities in connection therewith); 

11 

(h) cooperate with the selling Holders and the managing underwriters, if any, to facilitate
the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any legends) representing Registrable Securities to be sold after receiving written representations from each Holder of such Registrable Securities that the Registrable Securities
represented by the certificates so delivered by such Holder will be transferred in accordance with the Registration Statement, and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as the managing
underwriters, if any, or Holders may request; 

(i) use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by the
Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities within the United States as may be necessary in light of the business or operations of the Company to enable the seller or sellers thereof or
the managing underwriters, if any, to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities, in accordance with the intended method or methods thereof, except as may be required solely as a consequence of the nature of such selling Holders
business, in which case the Company will cooperate in all reasonable respects with the filing of such Registration Statement and the granting of such approvals, as may be necessary to enable the seller or sellers thereof or the underwriters, if any,
to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods thereof; 

(j) upon the
occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 4(c)(vi) above, promptly prepare a supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities being sold thereunder, such Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(k) prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities, provide a CUSIP number for the
Registrable Securities; 

(l) provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities covered by
such Registration Statement from and after a date not later than the effective date of such Registration Statement (and in connection therewith, if reasonably required by the Companys transfer agent, the Company will cause an opinion of
counsel as to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be delivered to such transfer agent, together with any other authorizations, certificates and directions reasonably required by the transfer agent which authorize and direct the
transfer agent to issue such Registrable Securities without any legend upon sale by the Holder or the underwriter or managing underwriter of an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities, if any, of such Registrable Securities under the
Registration Statement); 

12 

(m) use its reasonable best efforts to cause all shares of Registrable Securities covered by
such Registration Statement to be listed on the Nasdaq or other national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed, prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement (or, if no Common Stock issued by the Company is then
listed on any securities exchange, use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registrable Securities to be so listed on the NYSE or Nasdaq, as determined by the Company); 

(n) enter into such agreements (including an underwriting agreement in form, scope and substance as is customary in underwritten offerings)
and take all such other actions reasonably requested by the Demand Party or the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities being sold in connection therewith (including those reasonably requested by the managing underwriters, if any) to
expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities, and in such connection, whether or not an underwriting agreement is entered into and whether or not the registration is an underwritten registration, (i) make such
representations and warranties to the Holders of such Registrable Securities and the underwriters, if any, with respect to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, and the Registration Statement, Prospectus and documents, if any,
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, in each case, in form, substance and scope as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in underwritten offerings, and, if true, confirm the same if and when requested,
(ii) use its reasonable best efforts to furnish to the selling Holders and the underwriters, if any, opinions of outside counsel to the Company and updates thereof (which counsel and opinions (in form, scope and substance) shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the managing underwriters, if any), addressed to each of the underwriters, if any, covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in underwritten offerings and such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such
counsel and underwriters, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain cold comfort letters and updates thereof from the independent certified public accountants of the Company (and, if necessary, any other independent certified
public accountants of any subsidiary of the Company or of any business acquired by the Company for which financial statements and financial data are, or are required to be, included in the Registration Statement) who have certified the financial
statements included in such Registration Statement, addressed to each selling Holder (unless such accountants shall be prohibited from so addressing such letters by applicable standards of the accounting profession) and each of the underwriters, if
any, such letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the type customarily covered in cold comfort letters in connection with underwritten offerings, (iv) if an underwriting agreement is entered into, the same shall
contain indemnification provisions and procedures substantially to the effect set forth in Section 6 hereof with respect to all parties to be indemnified pursuant to Section 6 except as otherwise
agreed by the Holders and (v) deliver such documents and certificates as may be reasonably requested by the Demand Party, the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities being sold pursuant to such Registration Statement, its or their
counsel or the managing underwriters, if any, to evidence the continued validity of the representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 4(n)(i) above and to evidence compliance with any customary conditions
contained in the underwriting agreement or other agreement entered into by the Company. The above shall be done at each closing under such underwriting or similar agreement, or as and to the extent required thereunder; 

(o) make available for inspection by a representative of the selling Holders, any underwriter participating in any such disposition of
Registrable Securities, if any, and any attorneys or accountants retained by such selling Holders or underwriter, at the offices where normally kept, during reasonable business hours, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents
and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, and cause the officers, 

13 

directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to supply all information in each case reasonably requested by any such representative, underwriter, attorney or accountant in
connection with such Registration Statement; provided, however, that any information that is not generally publicly available at the time of delivery of such information shall be kept confidential by such Persons unless
(i) disclosure of such information is required by court or administrative order, (ii) disclosure of such information, in the opinion of counsel to such Person, is required by law or applicable legal process, or (iii) such information
becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure or failure to safeguard by such Person. In the case of a proposed disclosure pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, such Person shall be required to give the Company
written notice of the proposed disclosure prior to such disclosure and, if requested by the Company, assist the Company in seeking to prevent or limit the proposed disclosure. Without limiting the foregoing, no such information shall be used by such
Person as the basis for any market transactions in securities of the Company or its subsidiaries in violation of law; 

(p) cause its
officers, including its executive officers, to use their reasonable best efforts to support the marketing of the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement (including, without limitation, participation in road shows and
other customary marketing activities) taking into account the Companys business needs; 

(q) cooperate with each seller of
Registrable Securities and each underwriter or agent participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA; 

(r) otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, and make available to its
security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the
Registration Statement, which earnings statement will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder; 

(s) if requested by any managing underwriter, include in the Prospectus updated financial or business information for the Companys most
recent period or current quarterly period (including estimated results or range of results) if required for purposes of marketing the offering in the view of such managing underwriter; 

(t) cooperate with the Holders subject to the Registration Statement and with the underwriter(s) or agent participating in the distribution,
if any, to facilitate any Charitable Gifting Event and to prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to permit any such recipient
Charitable Organization to sell in the underwritten offering if it so elects; and 

(u) take no direct or indirect action prohibited by
Regulation M under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that to the extent that any prohibition is applicable to the Company, the Company will take such action as is necessary to make any such prohibition inapplicable. 

14 

The Company may require each Holder as to which any registration is being effected to
furnish to the Company in writing such information required in connection with such registration regarding such Holder and the distribution of such Registrable Securities as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably request in writing and the
Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of any Holder who unreasonably fails to furnish such information within a reasonable time after receiving such request. 

The Company agrees not to file or make any amendment to any Registration Statement with respect to any Registrable Securities, or any
amendment of or supplement to the Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus used in connection therewith, that refers to any Holder covered thereby by name, or otherwise identifies such Holder as the holder of any securities of the Company, without
the consent of such Holder, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless and to the extent such disclosure is required by law. 

If the Company files any Shelf Registration Statement for the benefit of the holders of any of its securities other than the Holders, the
Company agrees that it shall use its reasonable best efforts to include in such registration statement such disclosures as may be required by Rule 430B under the Securities Act (referring to the unnamed selling security holders in a generic manner
by identifying the initial offering of the securities to the Holders) in order to ensure that such Holders may be added to such Shelf Registration Statement at a later time through the filing of a Prospectus supplement rather than a post-effective
amendment. 

The Company will not expressly name or identify any Holder as an underwriter in any Registration Statement or
related document without such Holders prior written consent; provided, however, that nothing in this sentence will require the consent of any Holder in connection with the inclusion in any Registration Statement or related
document of customary language, without specifically naming any Holder, that selling securityholders may in certain circumstances be considered to be underwriters under federal securities laws. 

Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, to the extent that any pro rata or other allocation or reduction of Registrable
Securities is required pursuant to Sections 2(b), 3(b), 3(f)(ii) or any other section herein, (i) all Registrable Securities transferred by a Holder to a Charitable Organization in connection with an underwritten offering
for which such pro rata or other allocation is required shall be included in the number of Registrable Securities deemed to be held by each Holder (or deemed to be included in such Holders request for inclusion of Registrable Securities) for
purposes of calculating such Holders pro rata allocation or reduction in such underwritten offering and (ii) the number of Registrable Securities that a Holder is otherwise entitled to include in such underwritten offering shall be
reduced by the number of Registrable Securities transferred by such Holder to a Charitable Organization in connection with such underwritten offering. 

Each Holder agrees if such Holder has Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement that, upon receipt of any notice from the
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Sections 4(c)(ii), 4(c)(iii), 4(c)(iv), 4(c)(v) or 4(c)(vi) hereof, such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such
Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement or Prospectus until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 4(j) hereof, or until it is
advised in writing by the Company 

15 

that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such
Prospectus; provided, however, that the time periods under Section 3 with respect to the length of time that the effectiveness of a Registration Statement must be maintained shall automatically be extended by
the amount of time the Holder is required to discontinue disposition of such securities. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the previous sentence shall prohibit or restrict any Holder from selling or transferring Registrable Securities other
than pursuant to a Registration Statement or Prospectus (including pursuant to Rule 144) subject to compliance by such Holder with applicable securities laws in connection with such sale or transfer. 

5. Hedging Transactions. The parties agree that the provisions of this Agreement relating to the registration, offer and sale of
Registrable Securities apply also to (i) any transaction which transfers some or all of the economic risk of ownership of Registrable Securities, including any forward contract, equity swap, put or call, put or call equivalent position, collar,
margin loan, sale of exchangeable security or similar transaction (including the registration, offer and sale under the Securities Act of Registrable Securities pledged to the counterparty to such transaction or of securities of the same class as
the underlying Registrable Securities by the counterparty to such transaction in connection therewith), and that the counterparty to such transaction shall be selected in the sole discretion of the applicable Holder and (ii) any derivative
transactions in which a broker-dealer, other financial institution or unaffiliated Person may sell Registrable Securities covered by any Prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement including short sale transactions using Registrable
Securities pledged by a Holder or borrowed from a Holder or others and Registrable Securities loaned, pledged or hypothecated to any such party. The Prospectus shall permit, in connection with derivative transactions, a broker-dealer, other
financial institution or third party to sell shares of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. 

6. Indemnification. 

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, without limitation as to time, indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Holder whose Registrable Securities are or were covered by a Registration Statement or
Prospectus, the officers, directors, partners, members, managers, shareholders, accountants, attorneys, agents and employees of each of them, each Person who controls each such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, partners, members, managers, shareholders, accountants, attorneys, agents and employees of each such controlling person, each underwriter, if any, and each Person who controls (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) such underwriter (each such person being referred to herein as a Covered Person), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys fees and any legal or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding), expenses, judgments,
fines, penalties, charges and amounts paid in settlement (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any Prospectus, offering
circular, or other document (including any related Registration Statement, notification, or the like or Free Writing Prospectus, any roadshow as defined in Rule 433(h) or any oral or written communication with potential investors in
reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act or 

16 

Rule 163B (a Testing-the-Waters Communication) or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or
any document incorporated by reference therein) incident to any such registration, qualification, or compliance, or based on any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the Company in connection with any such registration,
qualification, compliance or sale of Registrable Securities and (without limitation of the preceding portions of this Section 6(a)) will reimburse each such Covered Person for any legal and any other expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with investigating and defending or settling any such Loss, provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Loss arises out of or is based on any untrue statement or omission by
such Covered Person related to such Covered Person or its Affiliates (other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries), but only to the extent, that such untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) or omission (or alleged omission) is made in
such Registration Statement, Prospectus, offering circular, Free Writing Prospectus, roadshow, Testing-the-Waters Communication or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto, or any document incorporated by reference therein, or other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Covered Person with respect to such Covered Person for use therein. It is
agreed that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such Loss or action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company (which consent
shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld), provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(a) shall apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Loss or action even
if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company if the Company does not timely reply to a request for its consent. For the avoidance of doubt, a person (and its officers, directors, partners, members, managers, shareholders,
accountants, attorneys, agents, employees and control persons as described above) that ceases to be a Holder will be entitled to indemnification in connection with Losses incurred as described above in such persons capacity as a Holder. 

(b) Indemnification by Holder. As a condition to including any Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement filed in accordance
with Section 4 hereof, the participating Holder of such Registrable Securities shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, severally and not jointly with any other Holders, the Company, its directors and
officers and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), from and against all Losses arising out of or based on any untrue statement of a material fact
contained in any such Registration Statement, Prospectus, Free Writing Prospectus, offering circular, or other document, or any omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, and will (without limitation of the portions of this Section 6(b)) reimburse the Company, such directors, officers and controlling persons for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with investigating or defending any such Loss, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is made in such Registration Statement, Prospectus, Free Writing Prospectus, offering circular, or other
document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Holder with respect to such Holder for inclusion in such Registration Statement, Prospectus, offering circular or other document;
provided, however, that the obligations of such Holder hereunder shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) if such settlement is effected without the consent of such Holder
(which consent shall not 

17 

be unreasonably withheld); and provided, further, that the liability of such Holder shall be individual, not joint and several, for each Holder and shall be limited to the net
proceeds received by such selling Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, Prospectus, offering circular or other document containing such untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) or omission (or
alleged omission) (less the aggregate amount of any damages which such Holder has otherwise been required to pay in respect of such Loss or any substantially similar Loss arising from the sale of such Registrable Securities). 

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Person shall be entitled to indemnification hereunder (an Indemnified
Party), such Indemnified Party shall give prompt notice to the party from which such indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) of any claim or of the commencement of any proceeding with respect to which such
Indemnified Party seeks indemnification or contribution pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the delay or failure to so notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any obligation or liability except
to the extent that the Indemnifying Party has been materially prejudiced by such delay or failure. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, exercisable by giving written notice to an Indemnified Party promptly after the receipt of written notice
from such Indemnified Party of such claim or proceeding, to, unless in the Indemnified Partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist in respect of such claim, assume, at the
Indemnifying Partys expense, the defense of any such claim or proceeding, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party; provided, however, that an Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such claim or proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless: (i) the Indemnifying Party agrees to pay such fees and
expenses; or (ii) the Indemnifying Party fails promptly to assume, or in the event of a conflict of interest cannot assume, the defense of such claim or proceeding or fails to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party; in
which case the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ counsel and to assume the defense of such claim or proceeding at the Indemnifying Partys expense; provided, further, however, that the Indemnifying Party
shall not, in connection with any one such claim or proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related claims or proceedings in the same jurisdiction, arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and
expenses of more than one firm of attorneys (together with appropriate local counsel) at any time for all of the Indemnified Parties, or for fees and expenses that are not reasonable. Whether or not such defense is assumed by the Indemnifying Party,
such Indemnifying Party will not be subject to any liability for any settlement made without its consent (but such consent will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld). Without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying
Party shall not consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that (x) does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, from all liability in respect of such claim or litigation for which such Indemnified Party would be entitled to indemnification hereunder or (y) involves the imposition of equitable remedies or
the imposition of any obligations on the Indemnified Party or adversely affects such Indemnified Party other than as a result of financial obligations for which such Indemnified Party would be entitled to indemnification hereunder. 

18 

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this
Section 6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party in respect of any Losses (other than in accordance with its terms), then each applicable Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party, on the one hand, and such Indemnified Party, on the other hand, in
connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party, on the one hand, and Indemnified Party, on the other hand, shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, has been made (or omitted) by, or
relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent any such action, statement or omission. 

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6(d) were
determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 6(d), an Indemnifying Party that is a selling Holder shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the net proceeds to such Holder from the Registrable Securities sold pursuant to the Registration
Statement which gives rise to such obligation to contribute (less the aggregate amount of any damages which the Holder has otherwise been required to pay in respect of such Loss or any substantially similar Loss arising from the sale of such
Registrable Securities). No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. No
selling Holder shall be liable for contribution under this Section 6(d), except under such circumstances as such selling Holder would have been liable for indemnification under this Section 6 if
such indemnification were enforceable under applicable law. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions on
indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with the underwritten offering are more favorable to the Holders than the foregoing provisions, the provisions in the underwriting agreement shall
control. 

The obligations of any Holder to provide contribution pursuant to this Section 6(d) are several and
not joint. 

(e) Deemed Underwriter. To the extent that any of the Holders is, or would be expected to be, deemed to be an
underwriter of Registrable Securities pursuant to any SEC comments or policies or any court of law or otherwise, the Company agrees that (i) the indemnification and contribution provisions contained in this Section 6
shall be applicable to the benefit of such Holder in its role as deemed underwriter in addition to its capacity as a Holder (so long as the amount for which any other Holder is or becomes responsible does not exceed the amount for which such Holder
would be responsible if the Holder were not deemed to be an underwriter of Registrable Securities) and (ii) such Holder and its representatives shall be entitled to conduct the due diligence which would normally be conducted in connection with
an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act, including receipt of customary opinions and comfort letters. 

19 

(f) Other Indemnification. Indemnification similar to that specified in the preceding
provisions of this Section 6 (with appropriate modifications) shall be given by the Company and each seller of Registrable Securities with respect to any required registration or other qualification of securities under any
federal or state law or regulation or governmental authority other than the Securities Act. 

(g)
Non-Exclusivity. The obligations of the parties under this Section 6 shall be in addition to any liability which any party may otherwise have to any other party. 

7. Registration Expenses. All reasonable fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the
Company (including, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with the SEC, Nasdaq or such other national securities exchange
on which the Common Stock is listed, FINRA or the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., and (B) of compliance with securities or Blue Sky laws, including, without limitation, any fees and disbursements of one counsel for the
underwriters in connection with Blue Sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4(h)), (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses of the Company, (iv) fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) expenses of the Company incurred in connection with any road show, (vi) fees and disbursements of all independent certified public accountants referred to in
Section 4(o) hereof (including, without limitation, the expenses of any cold comfort letters required by this Agreement) and any other persons, including special experts retained by the Company and
(vii) fees and disbursements of one counsel for the Holders whose shares are included in a Registration Statement (which counsel shall be selected as set forth in Section 9) shall be borne by the Company whether or not
any Registration Statement is filed or becomes effective. In addition, the Company shall pay its internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the
expense of any annual audit, the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the securities to be registered on the Nasdaq or such other national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed and rating agency fees and the
fees and expenses of any Person, including special experts, retained by the Company. 

The Company shall not be required to pay
(i) fees and disbursements of any counsel retained by any Holder or by any underwriter (except as set forth in this Section 7 and in Section 9 or pursuant to the underwriting agreement entered
into in connection with such offering), (ii) any underwriters fees (including discounts, commissions or fees of underwriters, selling brokers, dealer managers or similar securities industry professionals) relating to the distribution of the
Registrable Securities (other than with respect to Registrable Securities sold by the Company), or (iii) any other expenses of the Holders not specifically required to be paid by the Company pursuant to the first paragraph of this
Section 7. 

8. Rule 144. The Company covenants that it will file the reports required to be filed by it
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder (or, if the Company is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of any Demand Party, make publicly available such
information so long as necessary to permit sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144), and it will take such further action as any Holder (or, if the Company is not required to file reports as provided above, any Demand Party) may

20 

reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares of Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation
of the exemptions provided by (i) Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or (ii) any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company will
deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements and, if not, the specific requirements with which it did not so comply. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 8,
the Company may deregister under Section 12 of the Exchange Act if it then is permitted to do so pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

9. Selection of Counsel. In connection with any registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2
or 3 hereof, the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities covered by any such registration may select one counsel to represent all Holders covered by such registration; provided, however, that in the event that the
counsel selected as provided above is also acting as counsel to the Company in connection with such registration, the Holders shall be entitled to select one additional counsel at the Companys expense to represent all Holders. 

10. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Holdback Agreement. In consideration for the Company agreeing to its obligations under this Agreement, each Holder agrees in connection with any underwritten offering of the Companys securities with respect to which the Company has
complied with its obligations under Section 2 or Section 3 hereof, as applicable (whether or not such Holder is participating in such offering), upon the reasonable request of the underwriters
managing any such underwritten offering, not to effect (other than pursuant to such offering) any public sale or distribution of Registrable Securities, including, but not limited to, any sale pursuant to Rule 144, or make any short sale of, grant
any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any Registrable Securities, any other equity securities of the Company or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity securities of the Company, in each case
without the prior written consent of such underwriters and subject to customary exceptions, during the Holdback Period; provided that nothing herein will prevent (i) any Holder that is a partnership or corporation from making a transfer
to an Affiliate that is otherwise in compliance with applicable securities laws, (ii) any pledge of Registrable Securities by a Holder in connection with a Permitted Loan (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) or (iii) any foreclosure
in connection with a Permitted Loan (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) or transfer in lieu of a foreclosure thereunder, in each case that is otherwise in compliance with applicable securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
discretionary waiver or termination of this holdback provision by such underwriters with respect to any of the Holders shall apply to the other Holders as well, pro rata based upon the number of shares subject to such obligations. 

If any registration pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement shall be in connection with any underwritten public
offering, if reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters, the Company will not effect any public sale or distribution of any common equity (or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for common equity) (other
than a registration statement (i) on Form S-4, Form S-8 or any successor forms thereto or (ii) filed solely in connection with an exchange offer or any
employee benefit or dividend reinvestment plan) for its own account, during the Holdback Period. 

21 

(b) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the
provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given without the written consent of each of the Company and the Holders of a majority of the
Registrable Securities; provided, however, that (x) any amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent to departures from the provisions of this Agreement that would subject a Stockholder to adverse differential treatment
relative to the other Stockholders shall require the agreement of the differentially treated Stockholder and (y) any amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent to departures from the provisions of this Agreement that would be
adverse to a right specifically granted to a specific Stockholder herein (but not to other Stockholders) shall require the agreement of that Stockholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with
respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of Holders whose securities are being sold pursuant to a Registration Statement and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given by Holders of at
least a majority of the Registrable Securities being sold by such Holders pursuant to such Registration Statement. 

(c) Successors,
Assigns and Transferees. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The provisions of this Agreement which are for the benefit of the parties
hereto other than the Company may be transferred or assigned to any Investor Transferee or to any lender under a Permitted Loan (any such transferee or assignee, a Permitted Transferee); provided, however, that
(i) prior written notice of such transfer or assignment of rights is given to the Company and (ii) such Permitted Transferee agrees in writing to be bound by, and subject to, this Agreement as a Holder pursuant to a written
instrument in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company. Except as provided in Section 6 with respect to an Indemnified Party, nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed
to give any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under, or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. 

(d) Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally, emailed (which is confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following addresses: 

if to the Company, to: 

Henry
Schein, Inc. 

135 Duryea Road 

Melville, New York 11747 

Attention: Walter Siegel, Kelly Murphy 

Email: [*** - personal information] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton 

One Liberty Plaza 

New York, NY
10006 

Attention: Paul J. Shim, Kyle A. Harris 

Email: pshim@cgsh.com / kaharris@cgsh.com 

22 

if to the Investor, to: 

KKR Hawaii Aggregator L.P. 

c/o
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. 

2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200 

Menlo Park, CA 94025 

Attention: Hunter Craig, and Max Lin 

Email: [*** - personal information] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

601 Lexington Avenue 

New York,
New York 10022 

Attention: Jennifer S. Perkins, P.C., Joshua Korff, P.C., Shaun J. Mathew, P.C., Edward J. Lee, P.C. 

Email: jennifer.perkins@kirkland.com / joshua.korff@kirkland.com / 

shaun.mathew@kirkland.com / edward.lee@kirkland.com 

if to any other Stockholder, to: 

such address or email address as set forth in any written joinder agreement executed by such Stockholder as contemplated by
Section 10(c); 

or, with respect to any party hereto, such other address or email address as such party may hereafter specify by
like notice to the other parties hereto, or as set forth in any written joinder agreement contemplated by Section 10(c). 

All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of actual receipt by the recipient thereof if
received prior to 5:00 p.m. local time in the place of receipt and such day is a business day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the next succeeding business
day in the place of receipt. 

(e) Descriptive Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and
shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of terms contained herein. 

(f) Severability. If any term, condition or other
provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term, condition or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the
original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

23 

(g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
(including by facsimile or electronic mail), each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by
each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other parties hereto. 

(h) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. (i) This Agreement and
all matters, claims or Actions (whether at law, in equity, in Contract, in tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (collectively, the
Relevant Matters), shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under any applicable conflict of Laws principles. 

All Actions arising out of or relating to any Relevant Matter shall be heard and determined in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware
(or, if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over any Action, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware) and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of
such courts in any such Action and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction to the maintenance of any such Action. The consents to jurisdiction and venue set forth in this Section 10(h)
shall not constitute general consents to service of process in the State of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this Section 10(h) and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person
other than the parties hereto. Each party hereto agrees that service of process upon such party in any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be effective if notice is given by overnight courier at the address set forth in
Section 10(d) of this Agreement. The parties hereto and the parties hereby waive any right to stay or dismiss any action or proceeding in connection with any Relevant Matter brought before the foregoing courts on the basis
of (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason or that it or any of its property is immune from the above-described legal process, (ii) that such action or proceeding is
brought in an inconvenient forum, that venue for the action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, or (iii) any other defense that would hinder or delay the levy, execution or collection of
any amount to which any party hereto is entitled pursuant to any final judgment of any court having jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Law; provided that nothing in the foregoing shall restrict any partys rights to seek any post-judgment relief regarding, or any appeal from, a final trial court
judgment. 

(i) Specific Performance. Each party hereto acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate remedy in the event
that any of the covenants or agreements in this Agreement are not performed in accordance with its terms, and it is therefore agreed that in addition to and without limiting any other remedy or right it may have, the
non-breaching party will have the right to an injunction, temporary restraining order or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining any such breach and enforcing specifically the
terms and provisions hereof. 

24 

(j) Further Assurances. At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the
parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any other party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as the other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or
effectuate the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and to otherwise carry out the intent of the parties hereunder. 

(k)
Termination. The provisions of this Agreement (other than Section 6 and Section 7) shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) its termination by the written agreement of all
parties hereto or their respective successors in interest, (ii) the date on which all shares of Common Stock have ceased to be Registrable Securities and (iii) the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company. Nothing herein shall
relieve any party from any liability for the breach of any of the agreements set forth in this Agreement. 

(l) No Inconsistent
Agreements; Most Favored Nations. The Company shall not hereafter enter into any agreement with respect to its securities that is inconsistent with or violates the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement. In the event that the Company
desires to enter into any agreement with any Person, including any holder or prospective holder of any securities of the Company, giving or granting any registration (or related) rights the terms of which are more favorable than or senior to the
registration or other rights granted to the Holders hereunder, then (i) the Company shall provide prior written notice thereof to the Holders and (ii) upon execution by the Company of such other agreement, the terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall be, without any further action by the Holders or the Company, automatically amended and modified in an economically and legally equivalent manner such that the Holders shall receive the benefit of the more favorable terms and/or
conditions (as the case may be) set forth in such other agreement, provided that upon written notice to the Company at any time, any Holder may elect not to accept the benefit of any such amended or modified term or condition, in which event
the term or condition contained in this Agreement shall apply to such Holder as it was in effect immediately prior to such amendment or modification as if such amendment or modification never occurred with respect to such Holder. 

25 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Agreement or caused this
Agreement to be duly executed on its behalf as of the date first written above. 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

KKR HAWAII AGGREGATOR L.P.

BY: KKR Hawaii Aggregator GP LLC, its general partner

By: 

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d925485dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 

HENRY SCHEIN ANNOUNCES STRATEGIC INVESTMENT BY KKR, BOARD CHANGES AND PROVIDES PRELIMINARY UNAUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS AND 2025 FINANCIAL
GUIDANCE 

KKR to become 12% common shareholder in Henry Schein 

Henry Schein and KKR to collaborate on range of value creation opportunities 

Two KKR representatives with deep sector experience to join the Henry Schein Board as independent directors

Separately, Robert J. Hombach, who brings extensive financial and strategic experience in health care, has
joined the Henry Schein Board as an independent director 

Announces preliminary unaudited fourth-quarter 2024 GAAP diluted EPS of $0.74 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.19, and preliminary 2025 financial guidance for full-year non-GAAP EPS of low to mid single digit growth 

In addition, Henry Schein has increased its share repurchase program authorization by $500 million

MELVILLE, N.Y. January 29, 2025 Henry Schein, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSIC) (Henry
Schein or the Company), the worlds largest provider of health care solutions to office-based dental and medical practitioners, today announced a strategic investment by funds affiliated with KKR, a leading global investment
firm. 

In addition to KKRs current holdings, KKR will make an additional $250 million investment in the Companys common
stock (the Investment). As a result, KKR will become the largest non-index fund shareholder in the Company with a 12% position, demonstrating the firms confidence in Henry Schein, its
management team, and its BOLD+1 strategy. KKR will also have the ability to purchase additional shares via open market purchases up to a total equity stake of 14.9% of the outstanding common shares of the Company. 

In addition, under the agreement between Henry Schein and KKR, Max Lin and William K. Dan Daniel will join Henry Scheins
Board of Directors (the Board) as independent directors. 

Mr. Lin is a partner at KKR where he leads the Health Care
industry team within its Americas Private Equity platform. He will join the Boards Nominating and Governance Committee as Vice Chair to participate in governance matters, including the ongoing consideration of Board composition and the
Boards ongoing CEO succession planning process. Mr. Lin will also join the Strategic Advisory Committee, which oversees the Companys strategic planning activities. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 1

Mr. Daniel, an executive advisor to KKR and former Executive Vice President at Danaher
Corporation, will join the Boards Compensation and Strategic Advisory Committees. 

Separately, the Board has appointed Robert J.
Bob Hombach as an independent director. Mr. Hombach, former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of Baxalta Inc. and prior to this, Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Baxter International Inc., is expected to join the Boards Strategic Advisory Committee. 

These highly experienced executives will
add to the Companys significant and complementary expertise across finance, operations, and in dental and other areas of health care. With these appointments, the Board will temporarily increase to 16 directors before reducing to 14 directors
effective immediately following the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting and expects to further reduce the size of the Board over time. 

Together, Henry Schein and KKR will collaborate to pursue additional opportunities to create shareholder value and drive the business in its
next phase of growth, with a specific focus on strategic growth, operational excellence, capital allocation, and employee engagement, including exploring broad-based equity ownership. 

Our Board and management have great respect for KKR, including its partnership-oriented approach and experience in supporting value
creation across its investments. This is a testament to the hard work of Team Schein to advance our leadership as a solutions-driven innovator for health care professionals, said Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of Henry Schein. We regularly engage with our shareholders and welcome their constructive dialogue, advice, and recommendations. We look forward to collaborating with Max, Dan, and Bob in pursuing the opportunities ahead of us and
building on Henry Scheins incredible foundation. 

We have long admired Stan and the broader Henry Schein organization.
KKR is excited to support Henry Schein in its mission of enabling dental and medical practitioners, and believe the Company has tremendous growth potential. We look forward to working with the management team on strategic and operational initiatives
to drive value for all of Henry Scheins stakeholders, said Mr. Lin. 

Henry Schein is an exceptional company with a
well-earned reputation for innovation, quality relationships with customers, and a talented team. I am honored to join the Henry Schein Board and look forward to contributing to creating significant value for all of Henry Scheins stakeholders
in the years ahead, said Mr. Hombach. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 2

Upon consummation of the transactions, the Company will issue new shares of common stock to
funds affiliated with KKR for an investment of $250 million, based on market price. KKR is funding this investment primarily from North America Fund XIII. As part of the agreement, KKR has also agreed to customary voting and other provisions.
The consummation of the transactions is subject to customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and any foreign regulatory approvals. The full agreement between Henry
Schein and KKR will be filed on a Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

Preliminary Unaudited Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Financial Results 

Henry Schein also today reported preliminary unaudited revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, earnings, and operating cash flow for the fourth quarter and
fiscal year ended December 28, 2024: 

Preliminary revenue in the fourth quarter totaled $3.2 billion, bringing revenue for the full year of 2024
to $12.7 billion. 

Preliminary GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $94 million, or $0.74 per diluted share, resulting in
preliminary full-year 2024 GAAP net income of $390 million, or $3.05 per diluted share. 

Preliminary non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was
$149 million, or $1.19 per diluted share, resulting in preliminary full-year 2024 non-GAAP net income of $605 million, or $4.74 per diluted share. 

Preliminary Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $270 million, resulting in preliminary full-year 2024
Adjusted EBITDA of $1,061 million. 

Preliminary fourth quarter and full year 2024 operating cash flow was $204 million and $848 million,
respectively. 

Exhibit A includes the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of
preliminary net income and preliminary earnings per share. Exhibit B includes a reconciliation of preliminary GAAP net income to preliminary Adjusted EBITDA. 

Preliminary Full-Year 2025 Financial Guidance 

Henry Schein also today announced preliminary financial guidance for 2025. Revenues and non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share are both expected to grow in the range of low to mid-single digits in 2025 as compared to 2024. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow in a
mid-single digit range in 2025 as compared to 2024. 

Guidance is for current continuing operations
as well as announced acquisitions and does not include the impact of restructuring and integration expenses, amortization expense of acquired intangible assets, certain expenses directly associated with the cybersecurity incident or any potential
insurance claim recovery, and extraordinary legal and advisory expenses. This guidance also assumes modest improvement in the dental and medical markets during the year, supported by our strategic initiatives and recent investments, a net positive
contribution from our restructuring plan offset by investments in technology and new product launches, and that foreign currency exchange rates remain generally consistent with 2024 levels. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 3

The Company is providing preliminary guidance for 2025 diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis and for preliminary 2025 Adjusted EBITDA, as noted above. The
Company is not providing a reconciliation of its preliminary 2025 non-GAAP guidance to its preliminary 2025 diluted EPS prepared on a GAAP basis, or its preliminary 2025 Adjusted EBITDA to net income prepared
on a GAAP basis. This is because the Company is unable to provide without unreasonable effort an estimate of restructuring costs related to an ongoing initiative to drive operating efficiencies, including the corresponding tax effect, which will be
included in the Companys preliminary 2025 diluted EPS and net income prepared on a GAAP basis. The inability to provide this reconciliation is due to the uncertainty and inherent difficulty of predicting the occurrence, magnitude, financial
impact, and timing of related costs. Management does not believe these items are representative of the Companys underlying business performance. For the same reasons, the Company is unable to address the probable significance of the
unavailable information, which could be material to future results. 

Share Repurchase Authorization 

In addition, the Companys Board of Directors has authorized an increase of $500 million to the Companys stock repurchase
program, with $250 million to be executed through accelerated share repurchases. 

Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Results and Conference Call

The Company intends to release its fourth quarter and full-year 2024 financial results before the stock market opens on Tuesday,
February 25, 2025, and will provide a live webcast of its earnings conference call on the same day beginning at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time. 

Advisors

Centerview Partners LLC and Evercore Inc. are serving as financial advisors and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP is
serving as legal advisor to Henry Schein. Kirkland & Ellis LLP is serving as legal advisor to KKR. 

About Max Lin 

Max Lin leads the Health Care industry team within KKR. He is a member of the Investment Committee and Portfolio Management Committee for
Americas Private Equity, the Health Care Strategic Growth Investment Committee, and the Global Conflicts and Compliance Committee. Since joining KKR in 2005, Mr. Lin has overseen a number of investments in the areas of dental services and other
health care providers, medical products and equipment, and health care software and information technology. He holds a B.S. and B.A.S., summa cum laude, from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 4

About William K. Dan Daniel 

Mr. Daniel has over three decades of global leadership experience in Industrial and Healthcare sectors, including 14 years as Executive
Vice President at Danaher, where he oversaw multiple segments and played a key role in advancing the companys culture and business system. He also served as executive sponsor of Danahers Diversity & Inclusion Council before
retiring in 2020. Mr. Daniel has most recently served as an Executive Advisor to KKR. 

About Robert J. Hombach 

Mr. Hombach served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of Baxalta Inc., a public
biopharmaceutical company, until it was acquired by Shire plc, in June 2016. Baxalta was spun off from its parent, Baxter International Inc. in July 2015, where Mr. Hombach served as Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Mr. Hombach currently serves on the board of BioMarin Pharmaceuticals Inc., a public biotechnology company, and Embecta Corporation, a public diabetes company. He has also previously served on the boards of Aptinyx Inc., CarMax, Inc., Naurex,
Inc., and Surgical Innovation Associates, Inc. Mr. Hombach holds an M.B.A. from Northwestern Universitys J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management and a B.S. in Finance cum laude from the University of Colorado. 

About Henry Schein, Inc. 

Henry Schein,
Inc. (Nasdaq: HSIC) is a solutions company for health care professionals powered by a network of people and technology. With approximately 26,000 Team Schein Members worldwide, the Companys network of trusted advisors provides more than
1 million customers globally with more than 300 valued solutions that help improve operational success and clinical outcomes. Our Business, Clinical, Technology, and Supply Chain solutions help office-based dental and medical practitioners work
more efficiently so they can provide quality care more effectively. These solutions also support dental laboratories, government and institutional health care clinics, as well as other alternate care sites. 

Henry Schein operates through a centralized and automated distribution network, with a selection of more than 300,000 branded products and
Henry Schein corporate brand products in our distribution centers. 

A FORTUNE 500 Company and a member of the S&P 500 index, Henry Schein is headquartered in Melville, N.Y., and has operations or affiliates in 33 countries and territories. The Companys sales reached $12.3 billion in 2023, and have
grown at a compound annual rate of approximately 11.5 percent since Henry Schein became a public company in 1995. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 5

For more information, visit Henry Schein at www.henryschein.com, Facebook.com/HenrySchein,
Instagram.com/HenrySchein, LinkedIn.com/Company/HenrySchein, and @HenrySchein on X. 

About KKR 

KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims
to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in
private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKRs insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to
KKRs investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKRs website at www.kkr.com. For additional information
about Global Atlantic Financial Group, please visit Global Atlantic Financial Groups website at www.globalatlantic.com. 

Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information 

In accordance
with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we provide the following cautionary remarks regarding important factors that, among others, could cause future results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied herein. 

The information set forth in this press release,
including statements regarding the expected changes to the Board, the shares to be issued in the Investment, satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the agreement, our preliminary, unaudited financial results for 2024 and our initial 2025
financial guidance constitute or may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). These expectations and
statements are prospective in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance, including statements about the consummation of the expected changes to the Board or the Investment and the anticipated
benefits thereof. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements or industry results to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

Some forward-looking statements discuss the
Companys plans, strategies and intentions and are generally identified by the use of such terms as will be, subject to, may, could, expect, intend, believe,
plan, estimate, forecast, project, anticipate, to be, to make or other comparable terms. A fuller discussion of our operations, financial condition and status of
litigation matters, including factors that may affect our business and future prospects, is contained in other documents we have filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and will be contained in all subsequent periodic filings we make with the SEC. These documents identify in detail important risk factors that could cause our actual performance to differ materially from
current expectations. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 6

Risk factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
current and historical results include, but are not limited to: the possibility that the expected changes to the Board or the Investment are not consummated and that any of the anticipated benefits will not be realized or will not be realized within
the expected time period, our dependence on third parties for the manufacture and supply of our products; our ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect new products (particularly technology products) and technologies that achieve market
acceptance with acceptable margins; transitional challenges associated with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures, including the failure to achieve anticipated synergies/benefits, as well as significant demands on our operations,
information systems, legal, regulatory, compliance, financial and human resources functions in connection with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures; certain provisions in our governing documents that may discourage third-party acquisitions
of us; adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives; risks related to the sale of corporate brand products; security risks associated with our information systems and technology products and services, such as cyberattacks or
other privacy or data security breaches (including the October 2023 incident); effects of a highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating market; changes in the health care
industry; risks from expansion of customer purchasing power and multi-tiered costing structures; increases in shipping costs for our products or other service issues with our third-party shippers; general global and domestic macro-economic and
political conditions, including inflation, deflation, recession, ongoing wars, fluctuations in energy pricing and the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies, and changes to other economic indicators, international trade
agreements, potential trade barriers and terrorism; geopolitical wars; failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements; risks associated with the EU Medical Device Regulation; failure to comply with laws and regulations relating
to health care fraud or other laws and regulations; failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage and processing of sensitive personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions; changes
in tax legislation; risks related to product liability, intellectual property and other claims; risks associated with customs policies or legislative import restrictions; risks associated with disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or similar wide-spread public health concerns and other natural or man-made disasters; risks associated with our global operations; litigation risks; new
or unanticipated litigation developments and the status of litigation matters; our dependence on our senior management, employee hiring and retention, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and manufacturers; and disruptions in financial
markets. The order in which these factors appear should not be construed to indicate their relative importance or priority. 

We caution
that these factors may not be exhaustive and that many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Accordingly, any forward-looking statements contained herein should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. We
undertake no duty and have no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 7

Included within the press release are non-GAAP
financial measures that supplement the Companys Consolidated Statements of Income prepared under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures adjust the
Companys actual results prepared under GAAP to exclude certain items. In the schedule attached to the press release, the non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to and should be considered together with
the Consolidated Statements of Income. Management believes that non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable
comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. The impact of certain items
that are excluded include integration and restructuring costs, and amortization of acquisition-related assets, because the amount and timing of such charges are significantly impacted by the timing, size, number and nature of the acquisitions we
consummate and occur on an unpredictable basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding,
similarly captioned, GAAP measures. 

Contacts: 

Investors

Ronald N. South 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

ronald.south@henryschein.com

(631) 843-5500

Graham Stanley 

Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer 

graham.stanley@henryschein.com

(631) 843-5500

Media 

Henry Schein

Gerard Meuchner 

Vice President, Chief Global Communications Officer 

gerard.meuchner@henryschein.com

(631) 390-8227

KKR

Liidia Liuksila 

media@KKR.com

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 8

Exhibit A 

Henry Schein, Inc. 

2024
Fourth Quarter and Full Year 

Reconciliation of preliminary GAAP net income and diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.

to preliminary non-GAAP net income and diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.

(in millions, except per share data) 

(unaudited) 

Fourth Quarter Full Year 

% % 

2024 2023 Growth 2024 2023 Growth 

Preliminary net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. $ 94 $ 18 442.3 % $ 390 $ 416 (6.3 )% 

Preliminary diluted EPS attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. $ 0.74 $ 0.13 469.2 % $ 3.05 $ 3.16 (3.5 )% 

Preliminary non-GAAP Adjustments, net of tax and
attribution to noncontrolling interests 

Restructuring costs $ 28 $ 11 $ 79 $ 53 

Acquisition intangible amortization 27 26 112 92 

Cyber incident-insurance proceeds, net of third-party advisory expenses (1) (15 ) 8 (23 ) 8 

Impairment of capitalized assets (2) 6 19 6 19 

Change in contingent consideration (3) 7 35 

Litigation settlements (4) 4 

Extraordinary legal costs (5) 2 2 

Impairment of intangible assets (6) 5 5 

Preliminary non-GAAP adjustments to net
income $ 55 $ 69 $ 215 $ 177 

Preliminary non-GAAP net income attributable to
Henry Schein, Inc. $ 149 $ 86 72.9 % $ 605 $ 593 2.0 % 

Preliminary non-GAAP diluted EPS attributable to
Henry Schein, Inc. $ 1.19 $ 0.66 80.3 % $ 4.74 $ 4.50 5.3 % 

Management believes that non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful
supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance and allow for greater transparency with respect to key
metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes and should not be regarded as a replacement for
corresponding, similarly captioned, GAAP measures. Net income growth rates are based on actual values and may not recalculate due to rounding. Amounts may not sum due to rounding. 

(1) 

Represents cyber insurance proceeds, net of one time professional and other fees related to remediation of our
Q4 2023 cyber incident. 

(2) 

Represents impairment of certain capitalized asset costs. 

(3) 

Represents a change in the fair value of contingent consideration. 

(4) 

Represents estimated settlement amounts for litigation related to the October 2023 cyber incident and
settlement of certain opioid related lawsuits. 

(5) 

Represents certain extraordinary legal costs. 

(6) 

Represents impairment charges related to certain intangible assets. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 9

Exhibit B 

Henry Schein, Inc. 

2024
Fourth Quarter 

Reconciliation of preliminary GAAP net income to preliminary Adjusted EBITDA 

(in millions) 

(unaudited) 

Fourth Quarter Full Year 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Preliminary net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. (GAAP) $ 94 $ 18 $ 390 416 

Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 (1 ) 8 20 

Preliminary net income (GAAP) 96 17 398 436 

Preliminary definitional adjustments: 

Interest income (6 ) (5 ) (24 ) (17 ) 

Interest expense 35 29 131 87 

Income taxes 31 1 128 120 

Depreciation and amortization 76 68 297 248 

Preliminary non-GAAP adjustments: 

Restructuring costs 37 21 110 80 

Cyber incident-insurance proceeds, net of third-party advisory expenses (20 ) 11 (31 ) 11 

Impairment of capitalized assets 12 27 12 27 

Impairment of intangible assets 1 7 1 7 

Change in contingent consideration 7 45 

Extraordinary legal costs 2 2 

Litigation settlements 5 

Other adjustments: 

Equity in earnings of affiliates, net of tax (1 ) (4 ) (13 ) (14 ) 

Preliminary Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) $ 270 $ 172 $ 1,061 $ 985 

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure that we calculate in the manner reflected on
Exhibit B. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income, excluding (i) net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, (ii) interest income and expense, (iii) income taxes, (iv) depreciation and amortization,
(v) restructuring costs, (vi) cyber incident-insurance proceeds, net of third-party advisory expenses, (vii) impairment of capitalized assets, (viii) impairment of intangible assets, (ix) change in contingent consideration,
(x) extraordinary legal costs. (xi) litigation settlements, and (xii) equity in earnings of affiliates, net of tax. Amounts may not sum due to rounding. 

H e n r y S c h e i n , I n c . 1 3 5 D u r y e a R o a d M e l v i l l e , N e w Y o r k 1 1 7 4 7 10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hsic-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hsic-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hsic-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g925485g94m68.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g925485snap1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name HENRY SCHEIN INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001000228

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 0-27078

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-3136595

Entity Address, Address Line One 135 Duryea Road

Entity Address, City or Town Melville

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11747

City Area Code (631)

Local Phone Number 843-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol HSIC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://henryschein.com//20250129/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d925485d8k.htm 
hsic-20250129.xsd 
hsic-20250129_lab.xml 
hsic-20250129_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-015654-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d925485d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001000228 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

HENRY SCHEIN INC 
false 
0001000228 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
DE 
0-27078 
11-3136595 
135 Duryea Road 
Melville 
NY 
11747 
(631) 
843-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
HSIC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>