<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001567.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001567.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110083038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001567
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855485
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				862967193
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40789
		FILM NUMBER:		25520581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4475 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-794-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4475 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Light Acquisition Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210406
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185548500018554852025-01-082025-01-080001855485CLDI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-082025-01-080001855485CLDI:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-01-082025-01-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 8, 2025

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40789 86-2967193

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200,

San
Diego, California 92121

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(858)794-9600

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share CLDI NYSE
American LLC

Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock CLDWW OTC
Pink Marketplace

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 9, 2025, Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the
Agreement) with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue and sell in a public offering 5,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares), par
value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), a purchase price of $0.85 per Share.

The
closing of the offering will take place on January 10, 2025. The gross proceeds from the offering will be $4.25 million, before
deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company and excluding the net proceeds, if any, from the exercise
of the Placement Agent Warrants (as defined below).

The
Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282456), which was declared effective
by the Securities Exchange Commission on October 10, 2024, and a prospectus supplement dated January 9, 2025, and the base prospectus
included therein.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions as set forth therein, until fifteen (15) days following the closing
of the offering, the Company has agreed not to issue (or enter into any agreement to issue) any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
equivalents. The Company has further agreed not to enter into an agreement involving a variable rate transaction until six (6) months
following the closing of the offering. In addition, each of the Company and the Companys directors and executive officers have
entered into lock-up agreements pursuant to which each of them has agreed not to, for a period of fifteen (15) days and ninety (90) days,
respectively, from the closing of the offering, offer, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Companys securities, subject
to certain exceptions. The Placement Agent may waive the terms of these lock-up agreements in its sole discretion and without notice.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Placement Agent agreed to act on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the offering.
The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate cash fee of 8.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of securities in the
offering, a 1% management fee of the gross proceeds and reimburse certain out-of-pocket expenses. As additional compensation to the Placement
Agent, in connection with the offering, the Company issued to the Placement Agent (or its designees) a warrant (the Placement
Agent Warrant) to purchase an aggregate of 250,000 shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrant Shares),
equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the offering, at an exercise price per share equal to $1.0625,
which is equal to 125% of the offering price of the Shares. The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable six (6) months from the date
of issuance and expire on the five-year anniversary of Initial Exercise Date (as defined in the Placement Agent Warrant). The Placement
Agent Warrant may be exercisable via cashless exercise in certain circumstances.

The
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification
obligations of the Company, including for liabilities arising under the Securities Act (the Securities Act), and other
obligations of the parties and termination provisions.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Placement Agent Warrant and the Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full text of the form of Placement Agent Warrant, and form of Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.3 and 10.1, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

The
legal opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP relating to the validity of the securities issued in the offering is filed herewith
as Exhibit 5.1.

-2-

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
Placement Agent Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants have not been registered under the Securities
Act, or the securities laws of any state, and are being offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities
Act, afforded by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
January 10, 2025, Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company) made available on its website an updated presentation in relation
to the Company. Furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein is the presentation.

By
filing this Current Report on Form 8-K and furnishing the information contained herein, the Company makes no admission as to the materiality
of any information in this report that is required to be disclosed solely by reason of Regulation FD. The information in this Item 7.01
disclosure, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section.
In addition, the information in this Item 7.01 disclosure, including Exhibits 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into the filings
of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific
reference in such filing.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
January 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the launch of the offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

On
January 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the offering. A copy of the press release is furnished
as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K.

Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.3 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

5.1 Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

10.1 Form of Placement Agency Agreement

23.1 Consent of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel, LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Presentation

99.2 Launch Press Release Dated January 8, 2025

99.3 Pricing Press Release Dated January 10, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

-3-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Dated:
January 10, 2025 

By: /s/
Andrew Jackson 

Name: Andrew
Jackson

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT
AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: 250,000 ____________ Issue
Date: January 10, 2025

THIS
PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co., Inc. or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations
on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after April 24, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Issue Date, provided that,
if such date is not a Trading Day, the date that is the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination Date),
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to 250,000 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is being
issued pursuant to the terms of that certain Investment Banking Agreement, dated October 16, 2024, as amended on November 12, 2024 and
January 7, 2025 by and between the Company and the Holder (the Agreement).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading (a Trading Day)
and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date
of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is
delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.0625, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in
whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either
(y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrant being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

For
purposes of this Warrant, VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market
(OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
Equiniti Trust Co, or any successor transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting
the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal
at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant
is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading Day
after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is
a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company with written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with any individual or entity that, directly or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such individual or entity
as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act (Affiliates) and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other any securities of the Company or
the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt,
preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for,
or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents)) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such
calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to
be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of
Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each
case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A)
the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission),
as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon
election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%, 14.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the
outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of
this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be
entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at
the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of
the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A)
a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100%
and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the
Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying
price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds
(or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If during the term in which the Warrant may be exercised (A) the Company shall declare a dividend
(or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend
on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any
of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby
the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by
email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

g)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board
of Directors of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof,
this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with applicable securities laws.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date, it will reserve from its
authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common
Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance
herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the
Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Allan
J. Camaisa

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Signature
Page to Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
CALIDI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Placement Agent
Common Stock Purchase Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with
all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity:________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:__________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory:____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory:_____________________________________________________

Date:________________________________________________________________________

Placement
Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:________________________________ 

Holders
Address:_________________________________ 

Placement
Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

January
10, 2025

Calidi
Biotherapeutics, Inc.

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200

San
Diego, California 92121

Re: Prospectus
Supplement to the Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with (i) the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282456) (as amended, the Registration Statement), filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 1, 2024, pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and declared effective on October 10, 2024, relating to the registration by the Company of, among other things, common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), which may be issued from time to time as set forth in the Registration
Statement and the prospectus contained therein; and (ii) the Placement Agency Agreement dated January 9, 2025 by and between the Company
and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Sales Agreement), relating to the offer and sale of an aggregate of 5,000,000
shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Shares), pursuant to the Registration Statement, and the prospectus contained
therein, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated January 9, 2025, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) promulgated
under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Supplement).

We
have reviewed such documents and made such examination of law as we have deemed appropriate to give the opinion set forth below. We have
relied, without independent verification, on certificates of public officials and, as to matters of fact material to the opinion set
forth below, on certificates of officers of the Company.

The
opinion expressed below is limited to the federal securities laws of the United States of America and the laws of the state of Delaware.
We express no opinion as to the effect on the matters covered by the laws of any other jurisdiction.

Based
on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold in the manner described in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement and the Sales Agreement will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10, 2025,
and which is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. We also hereby consent to the reference
to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit
that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim
any undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable
laws.

Very
truly yours, 

/s/
Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP 

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

January
9. 2025

Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc.

999
Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 200

Naples,
Florida 34105

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Introduction.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement), Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), hereby agrees to sell up to 5,000,000 shares (the Shares) of voting common stock
(Common Stock). The Shares will be sold directly to various investors (each, an Investor and,
collectively, the Investors) through Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the Placement Agent)
as placement agent. The documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined
below), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The Placement Agent may retain other
brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering (as defined below).

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Shares pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282456) (the Registration Statement)
(the Offering) with the terms of the Offering to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company,
the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees
and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Shares, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering.
Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite
or purchase any of the Shares for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys
agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to
purchase Shares and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Shares and may reject any such offer, in whole
or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Shares shall be made
at one or more closings as agreed upon between the parties (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs,
a Closing Date). As compensation for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement
Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i)
A cash fee equal to 8.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares at the closing of the Offering (the
Closing), provided however such fee shall be reduced to 4% of the gross proceeds for the investors listed on Exhibit
A.

(ii)
A management fee equal to 1% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares at the Closing for all investors
previously contacted by the Placement Agent.

(iii)
Such number of Common Stock purchase warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to the Placement Agent or its designees
at the Closing to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to 5% of the aggregate number of Shares sold in the Offering. The Placement Agent
Warrants shall have the same terms as the Warrants issued to the Investors in the Offering except that the exercise price shall be 125%
of the public offering price per share and shall have an expiration date of five years from the effective date of the Registration Statement
(as further defined below).

(iv)
The Company also agrees to reimburse Placement Agents actual and incurred expenses up to $75,000 (inclusive of Placement Agents
legal counsel fees) which shall be payable upon Closing of the Offering, provided that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the
indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement.

1

(v)
Upon the Closing of the Offering, if within nine (9) months following such time, the Company completes any financing of equity, equity-linked
or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any of the investors contacted or introduced by the Placement
Agent, then the Company will pay the Placement Agent upon the closing of such financing or receipt of such proceeds the compensation
equivalent to that set forth in this Section. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company has the right to
terminate this Agreement for cause in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

(b)
The term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be as provided in Section 2 of that certain Investment Banking Agreement
dated October 16, 2024 between the Company and the Placement Agent, as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 7, 2025 (the Investment
Banking Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality,
indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and
to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under
FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D)(i), will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking,
financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act).

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement
Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Securities Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was filed on October 1, 2024 and declared effective on October 10, 2024 for
the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company and the prospective
Investors introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent, the Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder,
a prospectus supplement relating to the placement of the Shares, their respective pricing and the plan of distribution thereof and will
advise the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein.
Such registration statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at such time, as amended at such time, is hereinafter
called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement
at the time of effectiveness, together with any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Offering, if any (the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement) is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the final prospectus supplement,
in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as it may be amended
or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus Supplement. The Registration Statement at the time it
originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, if any
or the Final Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents), if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), at any given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the
Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Final Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document
under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement
or the Final Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement or the Final Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include
all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or the Final Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. As used
in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time of Sale Disclosure Package means the Base Prospectus, any
preliminary prospectus supplement, any securities purchase agreement between the Company and the Investors, and any issuer free writing
prospectus as defined in Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties
hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package. The term any Prospectus
Supplement shall mean, as the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus Supplement, and any supplement to
either thereof. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or intends to commence a proceeding
for any such purpose.

2

(b)
Assurances. The Original Registration Statement, as amended, (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains
all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto,
at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and
did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, comply
or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material
respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents,
when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or Prospectus
Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental
change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed
with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities
Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in
the Base Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been
described or filed as required.

(c)
Offering Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute,
prior to each Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares other than the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein and any other materials
permitted by the Securities Act.

(d)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Final Prospectus Supplement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
and under the Final Prospectus Supplement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Companys Board of Directors or an authorized committee thereof (the Board of
Directors) or the Companys stockholders in connection therewith other than (i) the filing with the Commission of the
Prospectus Supplement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Trading Market) for
the issuance and sale of the Shares and the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii)
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).
This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid
and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

3

(e)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant
to the Final Prospectus Supplement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby to which it is a party do not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any subsidiarys
certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien, charge,
pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any subsidiary (Lien), or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect).

(f)
Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement
Agent shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(g)
Reliance. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations
and warranties and hereby consents to such reliance.

(h)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus Supplement has been made
or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(i)
Statistical or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus Supplement, are based on or derived from sources that the
Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable and accurate.

(j)
FINRA Affiliations. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm that is participating in the Registered Offering among
the Companys officers or directors, or to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5%) or greater stockholder of the Company.

4

(k)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Placement Agent Warrants are, and the shares
of Common Stock, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Placement Agent Warrants will be, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number
of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Placement Agent Warrants. At the time the Registration Statement
and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any
amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto,
at the time the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed
and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction
requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12)
months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

(l)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has
received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As
of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time
of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

Section
3. Delivery and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, 30 Rockefeller Plaza,
New York, New York 10112 (Placement Agent Counsel) (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement
Agent and the Company). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Shares sold
on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Shares, and such Shares shall be registered
in such name or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the time
of purchase (as defined below).

Deliveries
of the documents with respect to the purchase of the Shares, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All actions
taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

5

Section
4. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a)
Registration Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time
when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement or any Prospectus Supplement or
any amended Prospectus Supplement has been filed and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly
all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section
13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of any Prospectus Supplement and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus
is required in connection with the Offering. The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i)
of any request by the Commission to amend the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information,
and (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing
or suspending the use of the Base Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction,
of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending
or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus Supplement or for additional information. The Company shall use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such
stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time prior to the completion of the Offering, the Company will use its
best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its
best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that
in connection with the Offering, it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities
Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings
made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(b)
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Shares
for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably
request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose,
provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in
any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not
be required to produce any new disclosure document other than a Prospectus Supplement. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and
file such statements, reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution of the Shares. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of
the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale or trading in
any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending
such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest
possible moment.

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus Supplement and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Shares
as contemplated in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus Supplement. If during the period in which a prospectus
is required by law to be delivered in connection with the distribution of Shares contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus
Supplement (the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the
Company or in the reasonable opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement
the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents
or any Prospectus Supplement or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly
prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment
to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement that
is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus Supplement as so amended or supplemented,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement,
the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration
Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus Supplement in connection with the Offering, the Company will
furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to
which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

6

(d)
Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus Supplement. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge,
during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of the
Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus Supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto (including any Incorporated Documents,
if any) as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement
Agent, make any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute an Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with
the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents
in writing to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that
it shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements
of Rule 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing
with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f)
Transfer Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock for at least the
next three (3) years.

(g)
No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in,
or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities
of the Company.

(h)
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit
and use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement
Agents prior written consent.

(i)
Announcement of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

(j)
Reliance on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(k)
Research Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not
provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection as a placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly
or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2711(e),
the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating
or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt
of business or compensation.

7

Section
5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date
hereof and as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations
hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus Supplement (in accordance
with Rule 424(b)) and free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have
been duly filed with the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any
part thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no
order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus Supplement shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have
been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Shares or
any other securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange
and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part
of the Commission shall have been complied with; and the FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the
placement terms and arrangements.

(b)
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement
and each Prospectus Supplement, and the registration, sale and delivery of the Shares, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information
as it may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(c)
No Material Adverse Effect. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the
Placement Agents sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect
or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of
the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.

(d)
Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion of legal
counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed to the Placement
Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(e)
Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated
as of such Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the
Placement Agent shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents,
any Prospectus Supplement, and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date,
and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or
prior to such Closing Date;

(ii)
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement
has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
under the Securities Act; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Shares or any other securities
of the Company has been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and
no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities
commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States;

8

(iii)
When the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such
certificate, the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with
the Commission, and any Prospectus Supplement, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects
conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus
Supplement, did not and do not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided,
however, that the preceding representations and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions
made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use
therein) and, since the effective date of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth;
and

(iv)
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any
Prospectus Supplement, there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Effect; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the
subsidiaries taken as a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent,
that is material to the Company and the subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any subsidiary, except obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the
exercise of outstanding stock options, warrants or other securities which may be convertible into capital stock) or outstanding indebtedness
of the Company or any subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company;
or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or any subsidiary which has been sustained or will
have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)
Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market
and the Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall
the Company have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing.

(g)
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i)
From the date hereof until fifteen (15) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (including
by means of any exchange or cancellation of existing securities, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or otherwise), (ii) reduce the conversion
ratio of any outstanding indebtedness or (iii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other
than (A) the Prospectus, (B) the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee compensation plan or
(C) the filing of a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may file a
post-effective registration statement to an existing a resale registration statement that has been declared effective prior to the date
hereof.

(ii)
From the date hereof until the six (6) months anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or
include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other
price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the
initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset
at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market facility, whereby the
Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been
issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, the entry into and/or
issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed
a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

9

(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance. For purposes of this Agreement, Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of
Common Stock or options to employees, officers, consultants or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted
for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of
non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection
with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants to the Placement Agent,
if applicable, and/or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or
other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this
Agreement and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) hereto, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement
to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other
than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to
acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities
are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), and carry no registration rights that require or permit the
filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that
any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating
company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional
benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily
for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in order for any issuance under (a) above to be considered an Exempt Issuance, such issuances must be issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein.

(h)
Comfort Letter. As of the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a bringdown comfort letter containing statements
and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain
financial information contained or incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Placement Agent.

(i)
Secretarys Certificate. On Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by
the Secretary or another authorized officer of the Company, dated such Closing Date certifying on behalf of the Company and not in an
individual capacity: (i) that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company is true and complete, has not been modified
and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in
full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred
to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

10

(j)
Additional Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received
such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of
the Shares as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction
of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution)
and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
6. Securities Offerings. Following the closing of the Offering for aggregate gross proceeds equal to or exceeding $4,000,000, if
at any time from twelve (12) months following the date of such closing, should the Company, in its sole discretion, propose to effect
a further financing, the Company shall offer to the Placement Agent the opportunity to participate as a sole bookrunner or exclusive
placement agent or exclusive sales agent in respect of such financing on terms and conditions mutually acceptable to the Company and
the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent may decline such participation interest in its sole and absolute discretion and will notify
the Company as to its decision as to whether to participate no later than the fifth business day following notification of such proposed
financing. The terms of such engagements shall be set forth in separate agreements and may be subject to, among other things, satisfactory
completion of due diligence by the Placement Agent, market conditions, the absence of adverse change to the Companys business
or financial condition, approval of the Placement Agents internal committee and any other conditions that the Placement Agent
may reasonably deem appropriate for transactions of such nature. The Company will notify the Placement Agent in writing of its intention
to pursue such further financing, and the Placement Agent will advise the Company promptly of the Placement Agents election to
participate in such financing (but in no event no later than five (5) business days following the Companys notice to the Placement
Agent). If such proposed financing is not accepted by the Placement Agent, but later materially modified as to the scope and nature of
the proposed financing, the Company will re-submit such then proposed financing in writing to the Placement Agent and the Placement Agent
will be subject to the same five (5) business day notice provision to advise of its election to participate in the proposed financing.
The Placement Agents election not to participate with respect to a particular proposed financing will not adversely affect its
rights hereunder with respect to any other proposed financing of the Company during the period referred to above. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the Company has the right to terminate this Agreement for cause in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).

Section
7. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance
of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses
incident to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Shares (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses
of the registrar and transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with
the issuance and sale of the Shares; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public
accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and
distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts),
the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus Supplement and each prospectus Supplement and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this
Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Placement Agent in connection
with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Shares for
offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country, and, if requested by the Placement
Agent, preparing and printing a Blue Sky Survey, an International Blue Sky Survey or other
memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Placement Agent of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions; (vii) if
applicable, the filing fees incident to the review and approval by the FINRA of the Placement Agents participation in the offering
and distribution of the Shares; (viii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Shares and the Warrant Shares on the Trading
Market; (ix) all costs and expenses incident to the travel and accommodation of the Companys and the Placement Agents employees
on the roadshow, if any; and (x) all other fees, costs and expenses of the Company related to the Offering. The
Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent promptly, upon request from time to time, for all reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Placement Agent (including travel, databases, fees and disbursements of counsel, and of other consultants and advisors
retained by the Placement Agent etc.) in connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement with a pre-closing expenses allowance
of up to $50,000 and an additional closing expenses allowance of up to $25,000.

11

Section
8. Indemnification and Contribution. The Company agrees to indemnify the Placement Agent in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit
A to the Investment Banking Agreement, which is incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof.

Section
9. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other
statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent,
the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery
of and payment for the Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to the Company,
its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and
reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section
10. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, telecopied or e-mailed and confirmed
to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent to the address set forth above, attention: General Counsel, facsimile: (305) 572-4220

With
a copy to: 

Sheppard,
Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

30
Rockefeller Plaza

New
York, New York 10112

E-Mail:
rafriedman@sheppardmullin.com and scohen@sheppardmullin.com

Attention:
Richard Friedman and Stephen Cohen

If
to the Company,

Calidi
Biotherapeutics, Inc.

4475
Executive Drive, Suite 200

San
Diego, CA 92121

Attention:
Wendy Pizarro, Esq.,

Chief
Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer

Telephone:
(858) 794-9600

Email:
wpizarro@calidibio.com

With
a copy to: 

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10036

Attention:
Jay Yamamoto

Telephone:
(212) 930-9700

Email:
jyamamoto@srfc.law

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

12

Section
11. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative,
and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
12. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of
this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section
13. Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects
by the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent
and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action
or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company
further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees
that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective
service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by
certified mail to the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent,
in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Placement
Agent, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall have any liability
(whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction
described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially
determined to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence
an action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section 14. General Provisions.

(a)
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Investment Banking Agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent, shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall
continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement Agent in accordance with its terms, including, without limitation, Sections 4
and 5 therein with respect to future offerings. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be
an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended
or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived
in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only
and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b)
The Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Shares: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not
agents of, and owe no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties
and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The
Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged
breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Shares.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

13

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very
truly yours, 

CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.,

a
Delaware corporation

By: 

Name:
Andrew
Jackson

Title:
Chief
Financial Officer

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

LADENBURG
THALMANN & CO. INC. 

By:

Name:
Nicholas
Stergis 

Title:
Managing
Director 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Calidi Biotherapeutics Announces Proposed Public
Offering

SAN DIEGO, January 8, 2025 Calidi Biotherapeutics,
Inc. (NYSE AMERICAN: CLDI) (Calidi or the Company), a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a new
generation of targeted immunotherapies, today announced that it intends to offer to sell shares of its common stock (and/or pre-funded
warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof) in an public offering. All of the shares of common stock (and/or Pre-funded
Warrants) are to be sold by the Company.

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. is acting as exclusive
placement agent for the offering.

The offering is subject to market conditions and there
can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

Calidi intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
for working capital and for general corporate purposes.

The securities described are being offered pursuant
to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282456), which was declared effective by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 10, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A preliminary
prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering has been or will be filed with the SEC on its
website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering
may also be obtained by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Prospectus Department, 640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New
York 10019 or by email at prospectus@ladenburg.com. Before investing in this offering, interested parties should read in their
entirety the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed with
the SEC that are incorporated by reference in such preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide more
information about the Company and such offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described therein, nor shall there be any sales of these securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of such jurisdiction.

About Calidi Biotherapeutics

Calidi Biotherapeutics (NYSE American: CLDI) is a
clinical-stage immuno-oncology company with proprietary technology designed to arm the immune system to fight cancer. Calidis
novel stem cell-based platforms are utilizing potent allogeneic stem cells capable of carrying payloads of oncolytic viruses for use
in multiple oncology indications, including high-grade gliomas and solid tumors. Calidis clinical stage off-the-shelf, universal
cell-based delivery platforms are designed to protect, amplify, and potentiate oncolytic viruses leading to enhanced efficacy and improved
patient safety. Calidis preclinical off-the-shelf enveloped virotherapies are designed to target disseminated solid tumors. This
dual approach can potentially treat, or even prevent, metastatic disease. Calidi Biotherapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, California.
For more information, please visit www.calidibio.com.

-1-

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements
for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Terms
such as anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect,
intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predicts,
project, should, towards, would as well as similar terms, are forward-looking
in nature, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements concerning upcoming key milestones (including the reporting of interim clinical results and the dosing
of patients), planned clinical trials, and statements relating to the safety and efficacy of Calidis therapeutic candidates in
development. Any forward-looking statements contained in this discussion are based on Calidis current expectations and beliefs
concerning future developments and their potential effects and are subject to multiple risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the risk that Calidi is not able to raise sufficient capital to support its current and anticipated clinical
trials, the risk that early results of clinical trials do not necessarily predict final results and that one or more of the clinical outcomes
may materially change following more comprehensive review of the data, and as more patient data becomes available, the risk that Calidi
may not receive FDA approval for some or all of its therapeutic candidates. Other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the section
entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in the Companys Registration
Statements filed with the SEC on (i) Form S-4 filed on August 2, 2023 and the corresponding prospectus filed on August 4, 2023, and (ii)
on Form S-1 filed on April 15, 2024, and the Companys periodic reports filed with the SEC on (i) Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2024,
(ii) Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2024, (iii) Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2024, and (iv) Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2024. These reports
may be amended or supplemented by other reports we file with the SEC from time to time.

For Investors:

Dave Gentry, CEO

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1-407-644-4256

CLDI@redchip.com

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Calidi
Biotherapeutics Announces Pricing of $4.25 Million Public Offering of Common Stock

SAN
DIEGO, January 10, 2025 Calidi Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NYSE AMERICAN: CLDI) (Calidi or the Company),
a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a new generation of targeted immunotherapies, today announced that it priced its public
offering of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at a price of $0.85 per share.

The
closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about January 10, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc. is acting as exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The
gross proceeds to Calidi from the offering, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company,
are expected to be approximately $4.25 million. Calidi intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and for
general corporate purposes.

The
securities described above are being offered pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282456), which was
declared effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 10, 2024. The offering will
be made only by means of a written prospectus. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the
offering will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Prospectus Department, 640
Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10019 or by email at prospectus@ladenburg.com, once available.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described therein, nor
shall there be any sales of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About
Calidi Biotherapeutics

Calidi
Biotherapeutics (NYSE American: CLDI) is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company with proprietary technology designed to arm the immune
system to fight cancer. Calidis novel stem cell-based platforms are utilizing potent allogeneic stem cells capable of carrying
payloads of oncolytic viruses for use in multiple oncology indications, including high-grade gliomas and solid tumors. Calidis
clinical stage off-the-shelf, universal cell-based delivery platforms are designed to protect, amplify, and potentiate oncolytic viruses
leading to enhanced efficacy and improved patient safety. Calidis preclinical off-the-shelf enveloped virotherapies are designed
to target disseminated solid tumors. This dual approach can potentially treat, or even prevent, metastatic disease. Calidi Biotherapeutics
is headquartered in San Diego, California. For more information, please visit www.calidibio.com.

-1-

Forward-Looking Statements

This
press release may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Terms such as anticipates, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan,
possible, potential, predicts, project, should, towards,
would as well as similar terms, are forward-looking in nature, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning upcoming key milestones
(including the reporting of interim clinical results and the dosing of patients), planned clinical trials, and statements relating to
the safety and efficacy of Calidis therapeutic candidates in development. Any forward-looking statements contained in this discussion
are based on Calidis current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects and are subject
to multiple risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth or implied
in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk that Calidi is not able to
raise sufficient capital to support its current and anticipated clinical trials, the risk that early results of clinical trials do not
necessarily predict final results and that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change following more comprehensive review
of the data, and as more patient data becomes available, the risk that Calidi may not receive FDA approval for some or all of its therapeutic
candidates. Other risks and uncertainties are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in the Companys Registration Statements filed with the SEC on (i) Form S-4 filed on
August 2, 2023 and the corresponding prospectus filed on August 4, 2023, and (ii) on Form S-1 filed on April 15, 2024, and the Companys
periodic reports filed with the SEC on (i) Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2024, (ii) Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2024, (iii) Form 10-Q filed
on August 13, 2024, and (iv) Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2024. These reports may be amended or supplemented by other reports we file
with the SEC from time to time.

For Investors:

Dave Gentry, CEO

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1-407-644-4256

CLDI@redchip.com

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-1_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-1_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-1_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-1_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-1_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-1_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-1_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-1_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-1_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-1_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-1_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-1_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-1_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-1_018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-1_019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-1_020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex99-1_021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex99-1_022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-1_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex99-1_024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex99-1_025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex99-1_026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex99-1_027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex99-1_028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex99-1_029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex99-1_030.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex99-1_031.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>cldi-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>cldi-20250108_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>cldi-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>cldi-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 08, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40789

Entity Registrant Name CALIDI
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001855485

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2967193

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4475
Executive Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town San
Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 794-9600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CLDI

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock

Trading Symbol CLDWW

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLDI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLDI_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://calidibio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cldi-20250108.xsd 
cldi-20250108_def.xml 
cldi-20250108_lab.xml 
cldi-20250108_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001567-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855485 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

0001855485 

CLDI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

0001855485 

CLDI:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855485 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
CALIDI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-40789 
86-2967193 
4475 Executive Drive 
Suite 200 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(858) 
794-9600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CLDI 
NYSEAMER 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock 
CLDWW 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>