<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-017188.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-017188.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130160135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-017188
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250125
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTERN DIGITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				330956711
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0703

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08703
		FILM NUMBER:		25573560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5601 GREAT OAKS PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9496727000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3355 MICHELSON DRIVE SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL DIGITAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730125
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d916996d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPfalse000010604000001060402025-01-252025-01-25

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 25, 2025

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-08703 33-0956711

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

5601 Great Oaks Parkway 

San Jose, California 95119

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(408)717-6000

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value Per Share WDC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Resignation and Appointment of Directors 

Effective upon, and subject to, the consummation of Western Digital Corporations (the Company) previously announced separation of its flash business pursuant to a spin-off transaction (the Spin-Off), each of David V. Goeckeler, Thomas Caulfield and Miyuki Suzuki will resign from their positions as members of the Companys board of directors (the Board), as well as their respective positions as members of various committees thereof, to serve on the board of directors of Sandisk Corporation (Sandisk), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which will be an independent publicly traded company after the completion of the Spin-Off. None of the resigning directors will enter into any agreements with the Company in connection with their resignations. 

In connection with such director resignations, on January 25, 2025, the Board unanimously appointed Irving Tan, Bruce Kiddoo and Roxanne Oulman to the Board, effective upon, and subject to, the consummation of the Spin-Off. There are no arrangements or understandings with any person pursuant to which any of Mr. Tan, Mr. Kiddoo or Ms. Oulman was appointed to the Board. None of Mr. Tan, Mr. Kiddoo and Ms. Oulman has a direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Mr. Kiddoo and Ms. Oulman will receive compensation for their services as directors in accordance with the Companys standard compensation program for non-employee directors, which is summarized in the Director Compensation section of the Companys Proxy Statement, as filed with the SEC on October 7, 2024. 

In accordance with the Companys customary practice, the Company will enter into its standard form of indemnification agreement with each of Mr. Tan, Mr. Kiddoo and Ms. Oulman. The Companys current form of indemnification agreement, adopted by the Board on January 25, 2025, is intended to be entered into with each of the current and future members of the Board and executive officers of the Company. Pursuant to the indemnification agreement, the Company is required to indemnify each director and executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law for certain liabilities they may become subject to as a result of their affiliation with the Company. The indemnification agreement supersedes the Companys previous form of indemnity agreement. The description of the indemnification agreement is intended to provide a general description only, is subject to the detailed terms and conditions of and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of indemnification agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02. 

In addition, effective upon, and subject to, the consummation of the Spin-Off:

Mr. Kiddoo will be appointed as a member of each of the Governance Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board. 

Ms. Oulman will be appointed as a member of each of the Compensation and Talent Committee (the Compensation Committee) and the Audit Committee of the Board. 

Mr. Tan will be appointed to serve as a member and the chair of the Executive Committee of the Board. 

Resignation and Appointment of Chief Executive Officer 

Effective upon, and subject to, the consummation of the Spin-Off, David V. Goeckeler will resign from his position as the Companys Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Goeckeler is not entitled to payments or benefits in connection with his resignation from the Company. Further, Mr. Goeckeler will not enter into any agreements with the Company in connection with his resignation from the Company. 

On January 25, 2025, the Board unanimously appointed Mr. Tan as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company to succeed Mr. Goeckeler in that position effective upon, and subject to, the consummation of the Spin-Off.

Mr. Tan is currently Executive Vice President of Global Operations at the Company. He is responsible for all global operations functions, including manufacturing operations, procurement and supply chain, and IT. Widely known as an exceptional leader, Mr. Tan has decades of experience in sales and global operations, market transitions, and customer and government dynamics. Prior to the Company, he served as Executive Vice President and Global Chief of Operations at Cisco Systems, Inc., where he was responsible for the development and implementation of the companys operating strategy and targeted growth through productivity improvements and innovation across all core business functions, including sales, engineering, supply chain, and services. Mr. Tan also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of SATS Ltd. 

In connection with his appointment as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Tans annual base salary will increase to $1,000,000 and his target annual award opportunity under the Companys short-term incentive plan will increase to 150% of his annual base salary. The actual amount of Mr. Tans annual bonus will be determined by the Compensation Committee based on the achievement of performance targets and other terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee for the applicable fiscal year. 

Mr. Tan will also receive a promotion equity award with a grant date value of $6,500,000 under the Companys annual long-term incentive (LTI) program on the 6th trading day following the consummation of the Spin-Off, with 40% of such LTI award consisting of a time-based restricted stock unit (RSU) award and 60% of such LTI award consisting of a performance stock unit (PSU) award. Subject to Mr. Tans continued employment with the Company, the RSU award will vest in substantially equal installments on each of the first two anniversaries of the grant date and the PSU award is expected to vest over a two-and-half year period, subject to the achievement of applicable performance criteria. In addition, subject to approval by the Compensation Committee, Mr. Tans annual LTI award for fiscal year 2026 is expected to increase to $11,500,000. 

Mr. Tan will also be eligible to participate in the Companys Executive Severance Plan, Change in Control Severance Plan and other benefit programs generally available to the Companys executive officers. 

The Company intends to enter into an employment agreement with Mr. Tan, who resides in Singapore, in connection with the consummation of the Spin-Off. The employment agreement will be entered into to comply with employment laws of the Republic of Singapore and is intended to confirm the compensatory arrangements described above. The employment agreement terms are anticipated to include Mr. Tans base salary, target bonus opportunity, paid leave and benefit programs eligibility. As a Singapore employee, Mr. Tan will be paid in local Singapore currency. 

Under the terms of the employment agreement, the Company may terminate Mr. Tans employment at any time, with or without cause. If the Company terminates Mr. Tans employment without cause (as defined in accordance with local labor laws), it must provide notice (or payment in lieu of notice), severance (if applicable) and continued benefits as required by company policies or local labor laws. If the Company terminates Mr. Tans employment for cause, it may do so without notice or payment in lieu of notice. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Tan may voluntarily resign at any time, in which case he must provide two months notice. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Tan and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Tan was appointed to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. There are no family relationships between Mr. Tan and any director or executive officer of the Company. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including statements regarding expectations about the Spin-Off and initial executive leadership appointments following the Spin-Off. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Key risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements include: volatility in global economic conditions and demand for the Companys products; operational, financial and legal challenges and difficulties inherent in implementing a separation of the Companys HDD and Flash businesses; inflation; increase in interest rates and economic recession; future responses to and effects of global health crises; the impact of business and market conditions; the outcome and impact of the Companys announced separation transaction, including with respect to customer and supplier relationships, regulatory and contractual restrictions, stock price volatility and the diversion of managements attention from ongoing business operations and 

opportunities; the impact of competitive products and pricing; the Companys development and introduction of products based on new technologies and expansion into new data storage markets; risks associated with cost saving initiatives, restructurings, acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, joint ventures and the Companys strategic relationships; difficulties or delays in manufacturing or other supply chain disruptions; hiring and retention of key employees; the Companys level of debt and other financial obligations; changes to the Companys relationships with key customers; compromise, damage or interruption from cybersecurity incidents or other data system security risks; actions by competitors; the Companys ability to achieve its GHG emissions reduction and other ESG goals; the impact of international conflicts; risks associated with compliance with changing legal and regulatory requirements and the outcome of legal proceedings; and other risks and uncertainties listed in the Companys filings with the SEC, including the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 20, 2024, to which your attention is directed. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events, except as required by law. 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ Cynthia Tregillis

Name: Cynthia Tregillis

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Date: January 30, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d916996dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of , by and
between Western Digital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and [NAME] (Indemnitee). This Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all previous agreements between the Company and Indemnitee covering the
subject matter of this Agreement. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) believes that highly competent persons have become more reluctant to
serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of
their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain
qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance
has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at
higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among
other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The Bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws) require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company.
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not
exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification may increase the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on
behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any
resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, as well as any rights of Indemnitees under any directors and officers liability insurance policy, and this Agreement shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights
of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Bylaws and insurance as adequate in
the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve,
continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree
as follows: 

Section 1. Services to the Company. Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director or officer of the Company.
Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event the Company shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue
Indemnitee in such position. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that Indemnitees employment with the
Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any Enterprise), if any, is at will, and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment contract between
Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any Enterprise (as defined below)), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board, or, with respect to service as a director or officer of the Company, by the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Certificate of Incorporation), the Bylaws, and the DGCL. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director or officer of
the Company, as provided in Section 16 hereof. 

Section 2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer, or employee of the Company or a subsidiary
of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. 

(b) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

i. Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as
defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the
Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

2 

ii. Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years
(not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the
Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 2(b)(i), 2(b)(iii) or 2(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least
two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to
constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

iii. Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or
consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Surviving Entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Surviving Entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and
with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such Surviving Entity; 

iv. Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale
or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; and 

v. Other Events. There occurs any
other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below),
whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

For purposes of this Section 2(b), the following terms shall have the
following meanings: 

(A) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended from time to time. 

(B) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in
Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any entity
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(C) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company
with another entity. 

3 

(D) Surviving Entity shall mean the
surviving entity in a merger or consolidation or any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, such surviving entity. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, trustee, partner, managing member, officer,
employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, trust or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

(d) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, employee, agent or fiduciary. 

(f) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees and other
costs of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements, obligations or
expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with, or as a result of, prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a deponent or witness in, or otherwise participating in, a
Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) Expenses incurred in connection with recovery under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately
determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iii) for purposes of Section 14(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation,
enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise.
The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of
Indemnitees counsel as being reasonable in the good faith judgment of such counsel shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or
fines against Indemnitee. 

(g) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced
in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters
concerning the Indemnitee under this 

4 

Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in
an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims,
liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(h) The term
Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other
actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative, legislative, regulatory or investigative (formal or informal) nature, including any appeal
therefrom, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by
Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any
liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement. If Indemnitee believes in good faith that a given situation may lead to or culminate in the institution of a
Proceeding, this shall be considered a Proceeding under this paragraph. 

(i) Reference to other enterprise shall include
employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith
and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as
referred to in this Agreement. 

Section 3. Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.
Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or
payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or
matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that
Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. The parties hereto intend that this Agreement shall provide 

5 

to the fullest extent permitted by law for indemnification in excess of that expressly permitted by statute, including, without limitation, any indemnification provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws, vote of the Companys stockholders or disinterested directors or applicable law. 

Section 4. Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee
shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if
Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or
matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court (as hereinafter defined) or any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine
upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

Section 5. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter
therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is
successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection with or related to each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim,
issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

Section 6. Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is or was made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests in any Proceeding, or otherwise asked to participate in
any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

Section 7. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by
the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

6 

Section 8. Additional Indemnification.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any
Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. 

(b) For purposes of Section 8(a), the meaning of the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law shall
include, but not be limited to: 

i. to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the DGCL that authorizes or contemplates
additional indemnification by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL, and 

ii. to
the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 

Section 9. Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this
Agreement to make any indemnification payment in connection with any claim involving Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually
been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for (i) an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the
Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as defined in Section 2(b) hereof) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other
incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting
restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of
Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or (iii) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board,
including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act; or 

(c) except as provided in Section 14(d) of this Agreement, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any
part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) such payment arises in connection with any 

7 

mandatory counterclaim or cross claim brought or raised by Indemnitee in any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding), or (iii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 

Section 10. Advances of Expenses.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary (other than Section 14(d)), the Company shall advance, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection
with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(c), and such advancement shall be made within thirty
(30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be
made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 14(d), advances
shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. Indemnitee shall qualify
for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this
Section 10, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This
Section 10 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

Section 11. Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim.

(a) Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing of any matter with respect to which Indemnitee intends to seek indemnification or
advancement of Expenses hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable following the receipt by Indemnitee of written notice thereof. The written notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts
underlying the Proceeding. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is
reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of such Proceeding. The omission by Indemnitee to notify the Company hereunder will not relieve the Company from
any liability which it may have to Indemnitee hereunder or otherwise than under this Agreement, and any delay in so notifying the Company shall not constitute a waiver by Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement. The Secretary of the Company
shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

(c) The Company shall not settle any Proceeding (in whole or in part) if such settlement would impose any Expense, judgment, liability,
fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee in respect of which Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified hereunder without Indemnitees prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

8 

Section 12. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification.

(a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a), a determination, if required by applicable
law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to
Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a
majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board,
a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten
(10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity
upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses
(including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is
not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

(b) In
the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). If a Change in Control shall
not have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Change in Control shall have
occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company
advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company
or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of
Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as
Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the 

9 

Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or the Delaware Court has determined that such objection is without merit. If,
within twenty (20) days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof and the final disposition of the Proceeding, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and
not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment
as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under
Section 12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity
(subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

(c) If the Company disputes a portion of the amounts
for which indemnification is requested, the undisputed portion shall be paid and only the disputed portion withheld pending resolution of any such dispute. 

Section 13. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such
determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(a)
of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to
that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the
circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a
defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(b) Subject to
Section 14(e), if the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after
receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such
indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or
(ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the
person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided,
further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 13(b) shall not 

10 

apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen
(15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five
(75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for
such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) of
this Agreement. 

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or
conviction, or upon a plea of nolocontendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that
Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that
Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have
acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors or officers of the Enterprise in the course of
their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser, financial advisor or other expert selected with
reasonable care by or on behalf of the Enterprise. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of
conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, trustee,
partner, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

Section 14. Remedies of Indemnitee.

(a) Subject to Section 14(e), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been
made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within forty-five (45) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6 or 7 or the second
to last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 8 of this Agreement is not made
within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vi) the Company or any other person takes 

11 

or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee
the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee,
at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an
adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 14(a); provided, however, that the foregoing clause shall not apply in
respect of a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce his rights under Section 5 of this Agreement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not
entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a denovo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced
by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as
the case may be. 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all
the provisions of this Agreement. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Indemnitee hereunder. The Company shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor) advance, to the extent not prohibited by applicable
law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors
and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 

12 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to
entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

Section 15. Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise and (ii) shall be
interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of
Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial
decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so
afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers,
employees, or agents of the Enterprise, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy
or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a
Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee,
all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(c) In the event of any payment
made by the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights,
including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company
shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder (or for which advancement is provided hereunder) if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any
insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

13 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to
Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise. 

Section 16. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate
upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding then pending in respect of which
Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding (including any appeal thereof) commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement relating thereto. The indemnification and
advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase,
merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise, and
shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. The Company shall require and shall cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company to, by written agreement, expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

Section 17. Severability. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended to require or shall be construed as requiring the Company to do or fail to do any act in violation of applicable law. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for
any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be
deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

Section 18. Enforcement.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company. 

14 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to
and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights
of Indemnitee thereunder. 

Section 19. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of this
Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute
a continuing waiver. 

Section 20. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon
being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of
Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. 

Section 21. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the
third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, or (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall
provide to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company to 

Western Digital Corporation 

5601 Great Oaks Parkway 

San Jose, CA 95119 

Attention: General Counsel 

or
to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company. 

Section 22. Contribution. To the fullest
extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by
Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed
fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding;
and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

15 

Section 23. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and
the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by
Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) appoint, to the extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, irrevocably
RL&F Service Corp., 920 North King Street, 2nd Floor, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801 as its agent in the State of Delaware as such partys agent for acceptance of legal
process in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such
action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

Section 24. Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this
Agreement. 

Section 25. Miscellaneous. The headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be
deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and
year first above written. 

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION INDEMNITEE

By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Address: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT] 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>wdc-20250125.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>wdc-20250125_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wdc-20250125_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g916996g0128055737245.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name WESTERN DIGITAL CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000106040

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 25, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-08703

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0956711

Entity Address, Address Line One 5601 Great Oaks Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95119

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 717-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol WDC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.wdc.com//20250125/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d916996d8k.htm 
wdc-20250125.xsd 
wdc-20250125_lab.xml 
wdc-20250125_pre.xml 

g916996g0128055737245.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-017188-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d916996d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000106040 

2025-01-25 
2025-01-25 

WESTERN DIGITAL CORP 
false 
0000106040 
8-K 
2025-01-25 
DE 
001-08703 
33-0956711 
5601 Great Oaks Parkway 
San Jose 
CA 
95119 
(408) 
717-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value Per Share 
WDC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>