<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-010548.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-010548.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205163010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-010548
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATIF Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001755058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38876
		FILM NUMBER:		25593743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25391 COMMERCENTRE DR., STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92630
		BUSINESS PHONE:		308-888-8888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25391 COMMERCENTRE DR., STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92630

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Asia Times Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181003
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230053-8k_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001755058D800-000000000017550582025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report: February 4, 2025

(Date
of earliest event reported)

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British Virgin Islands 001-38876 Not
Applicable

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

25391 Commercentre Dr.,Ste 200, Lake Forest, CA92630

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

308-888-8888

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of
each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each
exchange on which registered

Ordinary Shares, $0.001 par value ZBAI Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Registered
Direct Offering

On
February 4, 2025, ATIF Holdings Limited (the Company) entered into certain securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with certain non-affiliated institutional investor (the Purchaser) pursuant to which the Company
agreed to sell (1) 1,580,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and (2) certain
pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 887,553 Ordinary Shares (the Pre-Funded Warrants) in a registered direct offering,
and (3) in a concurrent private placement, restricted warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,467,553 Ordinary Shares (the Restricted
Warrants), for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $2.5 million (the Offering).

Each
Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of US$0.01. We are offering the Pre-Funded Warrants to
the Purchaser whose purchase of the Ordinary Shares in this offering would otherwise result in such purchase, together with its affiliates
and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the purchase, 9.99%) of our outstanding Ordinary
Shares immediately following the consummation of this offering. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable immediately and may be exercised
at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full.

Each
Restricted Warrant is exercisable six months after the date of issuance at an exercise price of $1.20 per Ordinary Share and expires
five and a half years from the date of issuance. The Restricted Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants
are not being registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and are being offered
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or
Rule 506(b) of Regulation D.

The
Company agreed in the Purchase Agreement that it would not issue any Ordinary Shares, ordinary shares, or ordinary share equivalents
until a period of thirty (30) days after the date on which the Restricted Warrants are first exercisable, subject to certain exceptions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Concurrently
with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the officers and directors of the Company and shareholders of the Company holding 10% or
more of the Companys Ordinary Shares entered into lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up Agreement) pursuant to
which they have agreed, among other things, not to sell or dispose of any Ordinary Shares which are or will be beneficially owned by
them until a period of thirty (30) days after the Restricted Warrants are registered.

The
Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate use. The Offering closed
on February 5, 2025.

1

The
Company entered into certain placement agent agreement dated February 4, 2025 (the Placement Agent Agreement),
with R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc., as exclusive placement agent (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement
Agent agreed to act as the sole lead/exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent an aggregate fee equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent
up to an aggregate of $75,000 for the for non-accountable expenses and reasonable and accounted fees and expenses of legal counsel.

Copies
of the form of the Purchase Agreement, form of Pre-Funded Warrant, form of Restricted Warrant, form of Lock-Up Agreement and form of
Placement Agent Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively, and are incorporated herein
by reference. The foregoing summaries of the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Prefunded-Warrants, Restricted Warrants, Lock-Up Agreement
and the Placement Agent Agreement are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents. A copy of the legal opinion issued
by the Companys British Virgin Islands counsel Ogier is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 4, 2025 and February
5, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing and the closing of the Offering, respectively. A copy of the pricing
press release and closing press release is furnished hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

The information included
in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto are being furnished and shall not be deemed
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall
it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless
of any general incorporation language in any such filing.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

5.1 Legal Opinion of Ogier

10.1 Form of the Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.3 Form of Restricted Warrant

10.4 Form of Lock-Up Agreement

10.5 Form of Placement Agent Agreement

99.1 Pricing Press Release

99.2 

Closing Press Release

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ATIF
Holdings Limited

By: /s/ Dr. Kamran Khan

Dr. Kamran Khan

Chief Executive Officer

Date:
February 5, 2025

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex5-1_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LEGAL OPINION OF OGIER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

To the Addressees indicated in Schedule 1 hereto D +44 1534 514298

E Simon.Schilder@ogier.com

Reference: SIS/PHT/175987.00023

5 February 2025

ATIF Holdings Limited (No: 1857285) (the Company)

1 Request for opinion

1.1 We have been requested to provide you with a legal opinion on matters of British Virgin Islands law in
connection with the Company and the Documents (as defined below).

1.2 All capitalised terms used in this opinion have the respective meanings set forth in the Documents, except
to the extent that a contrary indication or definition appears in this opinion or any Schedule. References herein to a Schedule are references
to a schedule to this opinion.

2 Documents examined

2.1 For the purposes of giving this opinion, we have examined
an original or a copy of the documents listed in Part A of Schedule 2 signed on behalf of the Company (the Documents). In addition,
we have examined copies of the corporate and other documents and conducted the searches listed in Part B of Schedule 2.

2.2 We have not made any searches or enquiries concerning, and have not examined any documents entered into
by or affecting the Company or any other person, save for the searches, enquiries and examinations expressly referred to in Schedule 2.

3 Assumptions

In giving this opinion we have relied
upon the assumptions set forth in Schedule 3 without having carried out any independent investigation or verification in respect of those
assumptions.

Ogier

Ritter House, Wickhams Cay II

PO Box 3170

Road Town, Tortola

British Virgin Islands

VG1110

T +1 284 852 7300

F +1 284 852 7450

ogier.com

A list of Partners may be inspected on our website

BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA_
PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

4 Opinions

On the basis of the examinations and
assumptions referred to above and subject to the qualifications set forth in Schedule 4 and the limitations set forth below, we are of
the opinion that:

Corporate status

(a) The Company is a company duly incorporated with limited liability
under the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (the BCA), and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands. It is a separate legal entity and subject to suit in its own name and has the capacity to sue in its own name.

Corporate power

(b) The Company has all requisite capacity and power to execute and deliver the Documents and to perform its
obligations, and exercise its rights, thereunder.

Corporate authorisation

(c) The Company has taken all requisite corporate action to authorise the execution and delivery of the Documents
and the performance of its obligations and the exercise of its rights under the Documents.

Due execution

(d) The Documents have been duly executed by and on behalf of the Company in the manner authorised in the
Director Resolutions.

No conflict

(e) The execution and delivery of the Documents by the Company and the performance by the Company of its obligations
thereunder do not contravene:

(i) any provision of the Company's memorandum and articles of association; or

(ii) any law, regulation or order of the British Virgin Islands applicable to the Company.

Approvals and consents

(f) No consents, licences, approvals, authorisations or exemptions of any governmental or regulatory authority,
agency or court in the British Virgin Islands are required by the Company (other than those already obtained by the Company) in connection
with the execution of the Documents by the Company or the exercise of its rights or the performance by it of its obligations thereunder.

Choice of law

(g) The express choice of the laws of the jurisdiction specified in the Documents to be the governing law
of the Documents (their Governing Law) will be recognised and applied by the courts of the British Virgin Islands in any action
brought in such courts in respect of the Documents.

2 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

Legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations

(h) The obligations expressed to be assumed by the Company in the Documents constitute legal, valid, binding
and enforceable obligations of the Company.

Submission to jurisdiction

(i) The submission (if any) by the Company to the jurisdiction of the courts of a particular jurisdiction
set out under the terms of the Documents is valid and binding on the Company.

Enforcement of foreign judgments

(j) In relation to the Documents, although there is no statutory enforcement in the British Virgin Islands
of judgments obtained in the courts of New York, the courts of the British Virgin Islands will recognise such a foreign judgment and treat
it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary if
fresh proceedings are brought in the British Virgin Islands to enforce that judgment, provided however that such judgment:

(i) is not in respect of penalties, fines, taxes or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the Company;

(ii) is final and for a liquidated sum;

(iii) was not obtained in a fraudulent manner;

(iv) is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy in the British Virgin Islands;

(v) is not contrary to the principles of natural justice; and

(vi) provided that the courts of New York had jurisdiction in the matter and the Company either submitted to
such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process.

(k) Non-money judgments from a foreign court are not directly enforceable in the British Virgin Islands. However,
it is possible for a non-money judgment from a foreign court to be indirectly enforced by means of a claimant bringing an identical action
in the courts of the British Virgin Islands in respect of which a non-money judgment has been made by a foreign court. In appropriate
circumstances, the courts of the British Virgin Islands may give effect to issues and causes of action determined by the foreign court,
such that those matters need not be retried.

Filings and recordings

(l) It is not necessary in order to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence
in proceedings in the British Virgin Islands, that the Documents or any other document relating to it be filed or recorded with any governmental
or regulatory authority, agency or court in the British Virgin Islands.

Pari passu ranking

(m) The obligations of the Company under the Documents rank at least pari passu with all its other
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or obligations (with the exception of any such indebtedness or obligations which are
mandatorily preferred by any applicable law, such as by reason
of bankruptcy, liquidation, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors rights).

3 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

No litigation revealed

(n) Based solely on our review of the Court Records (as defined in Part B of Schedule 2), no litigation was
pending against the Company in the High Court of the British Virgin Islands.

No winding-up or insolvency proceedings revealed

(o) Based solely on our review of the Public Records (as defined in Part B of Schedule 2), no currently valid
order or resolution for the winding-up of the Company and no current notice of appointment of a receiver in the British Virgin Islands
over the Company, or any of its assets, appears on the records maintained by the Registry of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands
or the High Court of the British Virgin Islands (in each case to the extent those records are revealed by the Public Records) in respect
of the Company.

No taxation

(p) No taxes, stamp duties, other duties, fees or charges are payable (by assessment, withholding, deduction
or otherwise) to the government of the British Virgin Islands in respect of:

(i) the execution or delivery of the Documents;

(ii) any payments made under, or pursuant to, the Documents; or

(iii) subject to payment of any applicable court fees, the enforcement of the Documents.

There is no withholding tax, capital
gains tax, capital transfer tax, estate duty, inheritance tax, succession tax or gift tax in the British Virgin Islands and any dividends,
interest, rents, royalties, compensations and other amounts paid by the Company are exempt from any taxation in the British Virgin Islands
imposed under the British Virgin Islands Income Tax Ordinance (Cap 206).

No deemed residence

(q) None of the parties to the Documents (other than the Company) is or will be deemed to be resident, domiciled,
carrying on business or subject to tax in the British Virgin Islands by reason only of the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery
or enforcement of the Documents.

Exchange Control

(r) There are no government or other exchange controls in the British Virgin Islands.

Usury

(s) There is no applicable usury or interest limitation law in the British Virgin Islands, which would restrict
the recovery of payments or compliance by the Company of its obligations under the Documents.

4 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

Share Issue

(t) The Company has taken all requisite corporate action to authorise the issue pursuant to the SPA (as defined
in Schedule 2) of the Ordinary Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Ordinary Warrants (each as defined in the SPA), and, when issued and paid
for in accordance with the SPA and recorded in the Company's register of members, the Ordinary Shares, Ordinary Warrant Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares (each as defined in the SPA) will be validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable and free of any pre-emptive or similar
rights arising under the Companys articles of association or other organizational documents or the BCA.

5 Limitations

5.1 We offer no opinion:

(a) in relation to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
British Virgin Islands (and we have not made any investigation into such laws) and we express no opinion as to the meaning, validity,
or effect of references in the Documents to statutes, rules, regulations, codes or judicial authority of any jurisdiction other than
the British Virgin Islands;

(b) in relation to any representation or warranty made or given by the Company in the Documents or, save as
expressly set out herein, as to whether the Company will be able to perform its obligations under the Documents;

(c) as to the commerciality of the transactions envisaged in the Documents or, save as expressly stated in
this opinion, whether the Documents and the transactions envisaged therein achieve the commercial, tax, legal, regulatory or other aims
of the parties to the Documents;

(d) as to whether the acceptance, execution or performance of the obligations of the Company under the Documents
will result in the breach of or infringe any other agreement, deed or document (other than the Company's memorandum and articles of association)
entered into by or binding on the Company; or

(e) as to the rights, title or interest of the Company to or in, or the existence of, any property or assets
that are the subject of the Documents.

5.2 In this opinion:

(a) Liability Amount means 5 million;

(b) Legal Opinion Parties means (i) the Addressees and (ii) all other present and future persons who
rely on this opinion; and

(c) Losses means all losses (including indirect losses), liabilities or damages suffered or incurred
by the Legal Opinion Parties arising out of or in connection with this opinion and whether such arise in contract, in tort (including
negligence) or in misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise.

5.3 This opinion is given on the basis that:

(a) our total liability under or in connection with this opinion to the Legal Opinion Parties in respect of
Losses is limited to the Liability Amount;

(b) the extent to which Losses may be recoverable from us will also be limited so as to be in proportion to
our contribution to the overall fault for such Losses and therefore in determining such proportion, there shall be taken into account
any contributory negligence of the claimant, any other advisers of the claimant and any other person;

5 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

(c) the Legal Opinion Parties shall take all reasonable steps
to mitigate the Losses; and

(d) if we make a single payment in respect of Losses to a Legal Opinion Party which equals the Liability Amount
or a number of payments in respect of Losses to one or more of the Legal Opinion Parties which in aggregate equal the Liability Amount,
then we shall have no further liability to any person under or in connection with this opinion in relation to any Losses.

6 Governing law of this opinion

6.1 This opinion is:

(a) governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the British Virgin Islands;

(b) limited to the matters expressly stated herein; and

(c) confined to, and given on the basis of, the laws and practice in the British Virgin Islands at the date
hereof.

6.2 Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this opinion to specific British Virgin Islands legislation shall be to such legislation
as amended to, and as in force at, the date hereof.

7 Who can rely on this opinion

This opinion is given for your benefit
in connection with the Documents and it may not be disclosed to or relied upon by any person or used for any other purpose or referred
to or made public in any way without our prior written consent, save that it may be disclosed on a non-reliance basis to your professional
advisers (acting only in that capacity).

Yours faithfully

/s/ Ogier

Ogier

6 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

SCHEDULE 1

Addressees

1. R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. 40 Wall Street, 29th Floor,
New York, NY 10005

2. 3i, LP, 2 Wooster Street, Fl. 2, New York, NY 10013

7 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

SCHEDULE 2

Documents examined

Part A

The Documents

1 The Securities Purchase Agreement dated 4 February 2025 between
the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto (the SPA).

2 The Placement Agency Agreement dated 4 February 2025 between
the Company and R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc..

Part B

Corporate and other documents

1 The constitutional documents and public records of the Company obtained from the Registry of Corporate
Affairs on 14 January 2025 (the Company Registry Records).

2 The public information revealed from a search of the electronic records of the Civil Division and the
Commercial Division of the Registry of the High Court and of the Court of Appeal (Virgin Islands) Register, each from 1 January 2000,
as maintained on the Judicial Enforcement Management System (the High Court Database) by the Registry of the High Court of the
Virgin Islands on 14 January 2025 (the Court Records).

3 The Company Registry Records and the Court Records each as updated by update searches on 4 February 2025
(the Company Registry Records and the Court Records together, and as updated, the Public Records).

4 A registered agents certificate dated 27 May 2024 identifying the directors of the Company as at
that date issued by the registered agent (the Registered Agent) of the Company (the Registered Agents Certificate),
together with written resolutions of the board of directors of the Company passed on 6 January 2025 dealing with a change of directors
(the Board Change Resolutions).

5 Written resolutions of the directors of the Company dated 4 February 2025 approving, inter alia, the entry
into the Documents by the Company (the Director Resolutions).

8 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

SCHEDULE 3

Assumptions

Assumptions of general application

1 All original documents examined by us are authentic and complete.

2 All copy documents and counterparts of documents examined by us (whether in facsimile, electronic or other
form) conform to the originals and those originals are authentic and complete.

3 Signatures, seals, dates, stamps and markings (whether on original or copy documents) are genuine.

4 The information and each of the documents disclosed by the Public Records was and is accurate, up-to-date
and remains unchanged as at the date hereof and there is no information or document which has been delivered for registration, or which
is required by the laws of the British Virgin Islands to be delivered for registration, which was not included and available for inspection
in the Public Records.

5 The Registered Agent's Certificate is accurate and complete as at the date of this opinion, save as it
relates to the changes to the board of directors dealt with within the Board Change Resolutions.

6 Each of the Board Change Resolutions and the Director Resolutions remain in full force and effect.

7 Save for the change of directors dealt with within the Board Change Resolutions, there have been no other
changes to the Company's board of directors since the date of the issuance of the Registered Agent's Certificate.

Status, authorisation and execution

8 All parties to the Documents other than the Company (and other than any party that is an individual) are
duly incorporated, formed or organised (as applicable), validly existing and in good standing under all relevant laws.

9 All parties to the Documents other than the Company, have the capacity, power and authority to enter into
the Documents to which they are a party and to exercise their rights and perform their obligations under those Documents.

10 The Documents have been signed on behalf of the Company by the person(s) authorised by the Company in
the Director Resolutions and it will be unconditionally delivered on behalf of the Company.

11 The Documents as duly executed, dated and delivered by all parties thereto (other than the Company) are
in the same form as the last execution version examined by us.

12 The Documents have been duly authorised, executed and unconditionally delivered by or on behalf of all
parties to them in accordance with all applicable laws (other than, in the case of the Company, the laws of the British Virgin Islands).

13 In authorising the execution and delivery of the Documents and the exercise by the Company of its rights
and performance of its obligations under the Documents, each of the directors of the Company acted honestly, in good faith, for a proper
purpose and in what the director believed to be the best interests of the Company and in doing so exercised the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable
director would exercise in the same circumstances.

14 No director of the Company has a financial interest in or
other relationship to a party to the transaction contemplated by the Documents except as expressly disclosed in the Director Resolutions.

15 All signatures and seals on all documents are genuine and authentic and in particular that any signatures
on the Documents are the true signatures of the persons authorised to execute the same by the resolutions within the Director Resolutions.

16 To the extent that any of the opinions given herein are given with respect to or relate to an individual,
that individual (i) is of sound mind and has the legal capacity and authority to enter into the Documents or any other document referred
to herein (as a matter of British Virgin Islands law and the laws of any other applicable jurisdiction); (ii) is not the subject of any
bankruptcy petition or order or other legal process having similar effect in any jurisdiction; (iii) is not entitled, under any law, to
claim immunity (whether sovereign, diplomatic or otherwise) from suit; and (iv) was not under duress or unduly influenced into entering
into any Document or taking any other action referred to herein.

9 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

Choice of law

17 The express choice of Governing Law (if any) specified in the Documents is bona fide and not made with
any intention to evade the laws of the jurisdiction with which the transaction under such document has the closest and most real connection.

18 There is nothing under any law (other than the laws of the British Virgin Islands) that would or might
affect the opinions herein.

Enforceability and Illegality

19 The obligations expressed to be assumed by the Company and by the other parties in the Documents constitute
legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of such parties under all applicable laws (other than the laws of the British Virgin
Islands).

20 If an obligation is to be performed in a jurisdiction outside the British Virgin Islands, its performance
will not be contrary to an official directive or impossible or illegal under the laws of that jurisdiction.

21 No moneys paid to or for the account of any party under the Documents represent or are derived from, or
will represent or will be derived from the proceeds of criminal conduct (as defined in the Proceeds of Criminal Conduct
Act 1997). None of the parties to the Documents is acting or will act in relation to the transactions contemplated by the Documents, in
a manner inconsistent with either: (i) United Nations and/or United Kingdom sanctions and/or measures extended by statutory instrument
to the British Virgin Islands by Orders in Council and/or (ii) sanctions imposed by governmental or regulatory authorities or agencies
in the British Virgin Islands under British Virgin Islands legislation.

22 No charging orders have been made by the courts of the British Virgin Islands against either: (i) the
Company; (ii) any of the Company's assets, property or interests; or (iii) any of the shares, securities or other similar instruments
of the Company.

23 None of the opinions expressed herein will be adversely affected by the laws or public policies of any
jurisdiction other than the British Virgin Islands. In particular, but without limitation to the previous sentence:

(a) the laws or public policies of any jurisdiction other than
the British Virgin Islands will not adversely affect the capacity or authority of the Company; and

(b) neither the execution or delivery of the Documents nor the
exercise by any party to the Documents of its rights or the performance of its obligations under it contravene those laws or public policies.

24 There are no agreements, documents or arrangements (other than the documents expressly referred to herein
as having been examined by us) which materially affect, amend, modify, prevent or inhibit the Documents or the transactions contemplated
by it or restrict the powers and authority of the directors of the Company or the Company itself in any way.

Approvals, consents and filings

25 The Company has obtained all consents, licences, approvals and authorisations of any governmental or regulatory
authority or agency or of any other person that it is required to obtain pursuant to the laws of all relevant jurisdictions (other than
those of the British Virgin Islands) to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, proper performance and admissibility in evidence
of the Documents. Any conditions to which such consents, licences, approvals and authorisations are subject have been, and will continue
to be, satisfied or waived by the parties entitled to the benefit of them.

10 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

26 All:

(a) notarisations, apostillisations and consularisations required
pursuant to the laws of all relevant jurisdictions (other than those of the British Virgin Islands); and

(b) filings, recordings, registrations and enrolments of the Documents
with any court, public office or elsewhere in any jurisdiction outside the British Virgin Islands; and

(c) payments outside the British Virgin Islands of stamp duty,
registration or other tax on or in relation to the Documents, required to ensure
the validity, legality, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of the Documents have been made or paid.

27 The Company does not carry on any activities (other than
as a consequence of performing its obligations under the Documents) which would require it to be licensed under British Virgin Islands
financial services legislation.

Solvency

28 On the date of execution of the Documents, the assets of
the Company exceeded its liabilities and the Company was able to pay its debts as they became due, the Company had not failed to comply
with the requirements of a statutory demand that had not been set aside under section 157 of Insolvency Act 2003 of the British Virgin
Islands (the Insolvency Act), and no execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a Court in favour of
a creditor of the Company has been returned wholly or partly unsatisfied, and the transactions contemplated by the Documents will not
cause the Company to become "Insolvent" for the purposes of any part of the Insolvency Act, the BCA or the common law as applied
in the British Virgin Islands. This assumption is made without prejudice to any aspect of the qualification at paragraph 6 of Schedule
4.

Submission to jurisdiction

29 The submission by the Company to the jurisdiction of the
courts specified in the Documents is binding on the Company as a matter of all relevant laws (other than the laws of the British Virgin
Islands).

Sovereign immunity

30 The Company is not, and is not owned or controlled directly
or indirectly by, a State (as defined in the qualification at paragraph 13 of Schedule 4) or sovereign entity.

Pari passu ranking

31 As a contractual matter under the governing law of the Documents,
the payment obligations of the Company under the Document are unsubordinated and the parties to the Documents will not subsequently agree
to subordinate or defer their claims.

No British Virgin Islands establishment

32 No party to the Documents (other than the Company) will enter
into that document or administer the transactions contemplated by it through a branch or office in the British Virgin Islands.

Economic Substance

33 The Company is not resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction
outside the British Virgin Islands and the Company is therefore a legal entity within the scope of the Economic Substance (Companies
and Limited Partnerships) Act, 2018 (the Substance Act), but the Company is not undertaking a relevant activity for the purposes
of the Substance Act or, if the Company does undertake or proposes to undertake a relevant activity of a type described in the Substance
Act, the Company has taken appropriate steps to comply with the economic substance requirements applicable to that activity under the
Substance Act.

No interest in land in the British Virgin Islands

34 The Company is not a land owning company for the purposes
of Section 242 of the BCA meaning that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries has an interest in any land in the British Virgin Islands.

11 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

SCHEDULE 4

Qualifications

Good Standing

1 Under the BCA an annual fee must be paid in respect of the
Company to the Registry of Corporate Affairs. Failure to pay the annual fees by the relevant due date will render the Company liable
to a penalty fee in addition to the amount of the outstanding fees. If the license fee and/or any penalty fee remains unpaid from the
due date, the Company will be liable to be struck off and dissolved from the Register of Companies in the British Virgin Islands.

2 Under the BCA, a copy of the Company's register of directors
which is complete must be filed by the Company at the Registry of Corporate Affairs. Failure to make this filing will render the Company
liable to a penalty fee and if the filing is not made within the requisite time period or any penalty fee remains unpaid from the due
date, the Company will be liable to be struck off and dissolved from the Register of Companies.

3 For the purposes of this opinion "in good standing"
means only that as of the date of this opinion it appears from our searches of the Public Records and on the basis of certain of the
assumptions made in Schedule 3 being correct the Company is in good standing. We have made no enquiries into the Company's good standing
with respect to any other filings or payment of fees, or both, that it may be required to make under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
other than the BCA. We have made no enquiries into whether the copy of the register of directors filed at the Registry of Corporate Affairs
matches the details set out on the Registered Agent's Certificate or whether the annual return filed by the Company with its registered
agent is in the prescribed form as required pursuant to the BCA.

Public Records

4 The Public Records and our searches thereof may not reveal
the following:

(a) in the case of the Company Registry Records, details of matters
which have not been lodged for registration or have been lodged for registration but not actually registered at the time of our search
or notifications made to the Registrar of Corporate Affairs by the Registered Agent of any failure by any Company to file its Annual
Return as required and within the time frame prescribed by the BCA;

(b) in the case of the Court Records, details of proceedings which have been filed but not actually entered
in the High Court Database at the time of our search;

(c) whether an application for the appointment of a liquidator or a receiver has been presented to the High
Court of the British Virgin Islands or whether a liquidator or a receiver has been appointed out of court, or whether any out of court
dissolution, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Company has been commenced; or

(d) any originating process (including an application to appoint a liquidator) in respect of the Company in
circumstances where the High Court of the British Virgin Islands has prior to the issuance of such process ordered that such process upon
issuance be anonymised (whether on a temporary basis or otherwise),

and the following points should also be
noted:

(e) the Court Records reflect the information accessible remotely on the High Court Database, we have
not conducted a separate search of the underlying Civil Cause Book (the Civil Cause Book) or the Commercial Cause Book (the Commercial
Cause Book) at the Registry of the High Court of the British Virgin Islands. Although the High Court Database should reflect
the content of the Civil Cause Book and the Commercial Cause Book, neither the High Court Database nor the Civil Cause Book or
Commercial Cause Book is updated every day, and for that reason neither facility can be relied upon to reveal whether or not a
particular entity is a party to litigation in the British Virgin Islands;

12 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

(f) the High Court Database is not updated if third parties or
noticed parties are added to or removed from the proceedings after their commencement; and

(g) while it is a requirement under Section 118 of the Insolvency
Act that notice of the appointment of a receiver be registered with the Registry of Corporate Affairs, however, it should be noted that
failure to file a notice of appointment of a receiver does not invalidate the receivership but gives rise to penalties on the part of
the receiver and the absence of a registered notice of appointment of a receiver is not conclusive as to there being no existing appointment
of a receiver in respect of the Company or its assets.

Choice of Law

5 Where the Governing Law of a Document is not British Virgin
Islands law:

(a) the courts of the British Virgin Islands will not recognise
the choice of its Governing Law as the governing law of that Document to the extent that such choice of Governing Law would be incompatible
with the public policy of British Virgin Islands law; and

(b) in any action brought in respect of the Document in the courts
of the British Virgin Islands, those courts will not apply its Governing Law unless that law is pleaded and proved in the courts of the
British Virgin Islands, nor will they apply that law:

(i) to matters of procedure; or

(ii) to the extent the application of that Governing Law would
be incompatible with the public policy of British Virgin Islands law or contrary to mandatorily- applicable provisions of British Virgin
Islands law.

Enforceability

6 In this opinion, the term "enforceable" means that
the relevant obligations are of a type that the courts of the British Virgin Islands will ordinarily enforce, but it does not mean that
those obligations will necessarily be enforced in all circumstances in accordance with their terms. In particular, but without limitation:

(a) enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation,
reorganisation and other laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights of creditors;

(b) enforcement may be limited by general principles of equity
(i.e. equitable remedies such as specific performance may not be available, inter alia, where damages are considered to be an adequate
remedy);

(c) claims may become barred under the statutes of limitation
or may be or become subject to defences of set-off or counterclaim;

(d) a British Virgin Islands court may not necessarily award
costs and disbursements in litigation in accordance with contractual provisions;

(e) enforcement may be limited or prevented by reason of fraud,
misrepresentation, mistake or public policy; and

13 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

(f) enforcement may be limited by the principle of forum non
conveniens or analogous principles.

7 A court may determine in its discretion the extent of enforceability
of a provision of a Document that provides for or requires, as the case may be:

(a) severability of any provision of the Document held to be
illegal or unenforceable;

(b) any calculation, determination or certificate to be conclusive
or binding, including if that calculation, determination or certificate is fraudulent or manifestly inaccurate or has an unreasonable
or arbitrary basis;

(c) the vesting in a party of a discretion or of a power to determine a matter in its opinion, if that discretion
is exercised unreasonably or the opinion is not based on reasonable grounds; or

(d) written amendments or waivers of the Document, if a purported amendment or waiver is effected by oral
agreement or course of conduct,

and we express no opinion on any provisions
of that type.

8 Although it is our view that in the event of proceedings
being brought in the British Virgin Islands in respect of a monetary obligation in connection with the Documents, any monetary judgment
is likely to be expressed in the currency in which such claim is made, with respect to winding up proceedings, British Virgin Islands
law may require that all debts and claims are converted into U.S. Dollars (the currency of the British Virgin Islands) at an exchange
rate prevailing on the date of the winding up. Currency indemnity provisions have not been tested, so far as we are aware, in the courts
of the British Virgin Islands.

9 The law of the British Virgin Islands may not recognise a
difference between negligence and gross negligence.

10 Where a Document is dated as of a specific
date, although the parties to that Document have agreed between themselves that, as a matter of contract and to the extent possible,
their rights and obligations under it take effect from a date prior to the date of execution and delivery, the Document still comes into
effect on the date it is actually executed and delivered. Rights of third parties under the Document also take effect from the date the
Document is actually executed and delivered, rather than the as of date.

Jurisdiction clauses

11 Exclusive jurisdiction: Notwithstanding any provision of
the Documents providing for the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of another country, the courts of the British Virgin Islands may
not stay or strike out proceedings brought in contravention of such a provision if the claimant shows that it is just and proper to allow
such proceedings to continue. In relation to some matters the courts of the place of incorporation have exclusive jurisdiction and, where
that place of incorporation or registration is not the British Virgin Islands, the British Virgin Islands court will not accept jurisdiction.

12 Non-exclusive jurisdiction: Notwithstanding any provision
of the Documents providing for the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of another country, a British Virgin Islands court will only
refuse leave to serve process outside of the British Virgin Islands if the British Virgin Islands are not the most appropriate forum
and will only stay or strike out proceedings if pursuing the case in the British Virgin Islands court would be vexatious or oppressive.
There is no presumption that the nomination of a non-exclusive forum will give priority to that forum over the British Virgin Islands.

14 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025

Sovereign Immunity

13 The State Immunity Act 1978 of the United Kingdom (the State
Immunity Act) has been extended to the British Virgin Islands by the State Immunity (Overseas Territories) Order 1979. Under the
State Immunity Act:

(a) a British Virgin Islands company will be immune from the
jurisdiction of the British Virgin Islands courts if:

(i) it is a department of the government of any foreign or commonwealth
State other than the United Kingdom (State); or

(ii) the proceedings relate to anything done by it in the exercise
of sovereign authority and the circumstances are such that a State would have been immune from jurisdiction under the State Immunity
Act; and

(b) where a British Virgin Islands company submits to the jurisdiction
of a court (in British Virgin Islands or elsewhere) in respect of proceedings where it is entitled (under (a) above) to immunity:

(i) relief may not be given against it by way of injunction or
order for specific performance or the recovery of land or other property; and

(ii) its property (other than in certain circumstances property
used or intended to be used for commercial purposes) may be immune to any process for the enforcement of a judgment or arbitration award
or, in an action in rem, for its arrest, detention or sale.

Economic Substance

14 We express no opinion on the Company's status under or compliance
with the Substance Act. Failure to comply with the Substance Act when it applies could subject the Company to fines and penalties under
the Substance Act and, in the event of continued non- compliance, could eventually lead to the Company being struck off and dissolved
from the Register of Companies. To the extent that execution and delivery by the Company of the Documents and/or the performance of its
obligations thereunder could be regarded as part of a relevant activity or ancillary or incidental thereto, then the opinions given at
paragraphs 4(b)(Corporate power) and 4(e)(No conflict) of our letter are qualified accordingly and the opinions given at 4(c)(Corporate
authorisation) and 4(h)(Legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations) are qualified to the extent that the capacity and authority
of its directors to bind the Company may be limited in certain circumstances where an action is known to be contrary to applicable British
Virgin Islands law.

15 BVI Legal Opinion - ATIF Holdings Limited - SPA _ PAA

Opinion - Ogier 5(49507300.3)-05/02/2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex10-1_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of February __, 2025, between ATIF Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands company
(the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined
below) as to the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants and (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities
Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D thereunder as to the Ordinary Warrants, the Company desires to issue and
sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company
as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date
means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and
all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount at the Closing and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, at the Closing have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first
(1st) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is entered into before 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, or no later than the second
(2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is entered at or after 4:00 p.m. Eastern time.

Commission means the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company Counsel
means Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC, with offices located at 950 Third Avenue, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10022.

Disclosure Schedules
means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure Time
means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight
(New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless
otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City
time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise
instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

DVP shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

DWAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) Ordinary Shares or options, restricted share units or other equity awards to employees, officers or directors
of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board
of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered
to the Company, (b) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that
such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions or issued in connection with
any joint venture, commercial or collaborative relationship, or the acquisition or license by the Company of the securities, business,
property or other assets approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of
any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such
issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company
or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith,
and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities,.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

FINRA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Hazardous Materials
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m)

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual Property
Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

IT Systems and Data
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreements
means the Lock-Up Agreements, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors and executive officers of the Company,
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Material Adverse
Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

2

Ordinary Shares
means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Ordinary Share Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Ordinary Shares,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Ordinary Shares.

Ordinary Warrants
means, collectively, the Ordinary Share purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)
hereof, which Ordinary Warrants shall be in the form of Exhibit A-1 attached hereto.

Ordinary Warrant
Shares means the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Ordinary Share Warrants.

Per Share Purchase
Price equals $1.00, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other
similar transactions of Ordinary Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, provided that the purchase
price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.01.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement Agent
means R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

Placement Agents
Counsel means Lucosky Brookman LLP, with offices located at 111 Broadway Suite 807, New York, NY 10006.

Pre-Funded Warrants
mean, collectively, the pre-funded Ordinary Shares purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and shall expire in accordance with the terms
thereof, in the form of Exhibit A-2 attached hereto.

Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares means the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened in writing against the Company.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus Supplement
means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all information, documents and exhibits
filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed with the Commission and delivered by the Company
to each Purchaser at the Closing in connection with the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration Statement
means the effective registration statement filed with the Commission on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268927), including the Prospectus and Prospectus
Supplement, and all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which
registered the sale of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers and includes any Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

3

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities, which was filed with
the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means, collectively, the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
locating and/or borrowing Ordinary Shares).

Subscription Amount
means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants and Ordinary Warrants purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the
Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange
(or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means Transhare Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of Bayside Center 1, 17755 US Highway 19
N, Suite 140, Clearwater FL 33764, with an email address of kwhiteside@transhare.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable Rate Transaction
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrants
means, collectively, the Ordinary Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant Shares
means, collectively, the Ordinary Warrant Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

4

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1. Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $2,467,553 of Shares and Ordinary Warrants; provided, however, that, to the
extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and
any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect,
by so indicating such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in
the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of such Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of Ordinary Shares
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser
its respective Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Ordinary Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser
shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth
on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
settlement with the Company or its designee. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the
Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree or shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall
occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, payment for the Shares shall be made by the Placement Agent (or their clearing firm) by wire
transfer to the Company; upon receipt of payment, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses
and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such
Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through,
and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any
Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally
bound to sell such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Person at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any
Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder;
and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant
by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any Ordinary Shares to any Person and
that any such decision to sell any Ordinary Shares by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect
any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants)
delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) at least one full Trading Day prior to the Closing Date, which may be delivered
at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such
notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined
in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2. Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Placement Agent and the Purchasers;

(iii) subject
to the fourth sentence of Section 2.1, the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive
Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject
to the fourth sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to
deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares
equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) if
applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
to purchase up to a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded
Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.01, with an exercise price equal to $0.01, subject to adjustment therein;

5

(vi) an
Ordinary Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of Ordinary Shares equal to 100% of the sum of such
Purchasers Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares initially issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, if applicable, with
an exercise price equal to $1.20, subject to adjustment therein;

(vii) the
duly executed Lock-Up Agreements;

(viii) an
Officers Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent;

(ix) a
Secretarys Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent; and

(x) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount (less the aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants issuable to such Purchaser hereunder,
if applicable), which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3. Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed
in all material respects; and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective
obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed
in all material respects;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

6

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Ordinary Shares shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred after the date of this Agreement any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case,
in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and Disclosure Schedules, which shall be deemed a part hereof
and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosures contained in the SEC Reports and Disclosure
Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the Disclosure Schedules. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except as would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries is in violation nor default of any of the
provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in such
jurisdiction) as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder
and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company
and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or
therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

7

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or its Subsidiaries certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any
property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any
property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement and a registration statement for the
resale by the Purchasers of the Ordinary Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Ordinary Warrants, (iii) the notice and/or
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and
manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of a Form D with the Commission, (v) filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA), (vi) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (vii) such consents,
waivers, and authorizations that shall be obtained prior to Closing (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Shares and Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of this agreement, will be duly and validly
issued and free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum
number of Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement
in conformity in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective March 21, 2023, including the
Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement
is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending
or preventing the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto became effective as determined under the Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the
Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and
any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto
was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the
Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act, subject to any applicable
limitations of General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

8

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules. The Company has not issued any capital
stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options
under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of Ordinary Shares to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock
purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Ordinary Share Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any
similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale
of the Securities and as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe
to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Ordinary Shares, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents. The issuance
and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or its Subsidiaries to issue Ordinary Shares or other securities to any Person
(other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or its Subsidiaries with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, there are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or its Subsidiaries that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws where applicable,
and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required
for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with
respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any
of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such materials) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.
Such financial statements have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had
or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not materially altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared
or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company equity compensation plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for
confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedules, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected
to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets
or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is
made.

9

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities
or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively,
an Action). Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. To the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the
Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order
or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or its Subsidiaries under the Exchange
Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries, is, or is now
expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are
in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or its Subsidiaries under), nor has the Company or
its Subsidiaries received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as would not have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Disclosure Schedules,
except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens (other than with respect to intellectual property, which for the avoidance of doubt is addressed exclusively
in Section 3.1(p)), except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state
or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent
nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, except where the failure to so
comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the Disclosure Schedules and which the failure
to so have would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Neither the Company
nor its Subsidiaries has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated
or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement except
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has received, since the
date of the latest audited financial statements included within the Disclosure Schedules, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has
any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably
be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable
and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where
failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as the Company believes are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has any knowledge of any reason
to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage
from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, none of the officers or directors of the Company or
its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or a Subsidiary
and (iii) other employee benefits, including equity award agreements under any equity incentive plan of the Company.

11

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedules, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Company and its Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and its Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying
officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end
of the period covered by the most recently filed Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date).
The Company presented in its most recently filed Form 10-K under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedules, since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or its Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing
shall not include any fees and/or commissions owed to the Transfer Agent). Other than for Persons engaged by any Purchaser, if any, the
Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees
of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the
Company.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to terminate, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of
the Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on
which the Ordinary Shares is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that
it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Ordinary Shares
are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the
Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection
with such electronic transfer.

12

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules, is true and correct in all material
respects as of the date made and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges
and believes, to its best knowledge, that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of the Ordinary
Warrants or Ordinary Warrant Shares under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
As used in this subsection (aa), Company shall mean the Company and its Subsidiaries, but excluding its Subsidiaries that
is not a Subsidiary. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business
as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of
the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, such assets, and the anticipated resolution of the Companys obligations (including,
for example, its operating leases), may be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required
to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing
and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, the Company has no knowledge
of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The Disclosure Schedules set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or for which the Company or its Subsidiaries has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business, and other intercompany payables or receivables
among the Company and any of its Subsidiaries), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness
of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto),
except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of
business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance
with GAAP. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

13

(bb) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed
to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any
such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company or its Subsidiaries, any agent or
other person acting on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or its Subsidiaries (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which
the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is ZH CPA, LLC for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 is filed
with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement. To
the knowledge and belief of the Company, ZH CPA, LLC is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Ordinary Shares, and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant
Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of
the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted.
The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

14

(hh) Cybersecurity.
To the Companys knowledge, (i)(x) there has been no material security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys
or its Subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its
respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology
(collectively, IT Systems and Data) except for those as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, and (y) the Company
and its Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result
in, any material security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data that would cause a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company
and its Subsidiaries are presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)the Company
and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential
information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards and practices.

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Ordinary
Shares on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or its Subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ll) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%)
or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation
by the Federal Reserve.

(mm) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or its Subsidiaries, threatened.

(nn) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares issuable thereunder by the Company to
the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.

15

(oo) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Ordinary Warrants
or Ordinary Warrant Shares by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Ordinary Warrants and
Ordinary Warrant Shares for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule
501 under the Securities Act.

(pp) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary Warrant Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance
on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to
any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(qq) Other
Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that
has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(rr) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, in each case of which it is aware.

3.2. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
Such Purchaser understands that the Ordinary Warrants and the Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Ordinary Warrants
are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and
is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such
Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of
distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect
arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell
such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

16

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8),
(a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the Disclosure Schedules and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement
Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities
nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation
as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information
with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities
to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received
a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company, the Placement Agent, or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms, which terms include definitive pricing terms, of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution
hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio
managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment
decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives,
including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser
has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms
of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

(g) No
Voting Agreements. The Purchaser is not a party to any agreement or arrangement, whether written or oral, between the Purchaser and
any other Purchaser and any of the Companys stockholders as of the date hereof, regulating the management of the Company, the stockholders
rights in the Company, the transfer of shares in the Company, including any voting agreements, stockholder agreements or any other similar
agreement even if its title is different or has any other relations or agreements with any of the Companys stockholders, directors
or officers.

(h) Brokers.
Except for the Placement Agent or as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting
in a similar capacity on behalf of or under the authority of the Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders
fee or any other commission or similar fee, directly or indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could
have any liabilities in connection with this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action
taken by the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

17

(i) Independent
Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company
to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

(j) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, except as set forth in this Agreement, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short
Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1. Legends.

(a) The
Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends.

(b) The
Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities
laws. In connection with any transfer of Ordinary Warrants or Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder other than pursuant to an effective
registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in
Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to
the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Ordinary Warrant or Ordinary Warrant Shares under the
Securities Act.

(c) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary
Warrant Shares issuable thereunder in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR
THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder to a financial institution
that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such
arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder to the pledgees
or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of
the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge.
At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured
party of Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer
of the Ordinary Warrants and Ordinary Warrant Shares.

18

(d) Certificates
evidencing the Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Ordinary Warrants shall not contain any legend (including the legend
set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities
Act, or (ii) following any sale of such Ordinary Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Ordinary Warrants
and that the requirements of Rule 144(i)(2) are met at such time), or (iii) if such Ordinary Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under
Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Ordinary Warrants and that the requirements of Rule 144(i)(2) are met at such time), or (iv)
if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser
promptly if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively,
subject to the receipt of documentation and representations as customary for the issuance of such opinion. If all or any portion of a
Ordinary Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement and prospectus to cover the resale of the Ordinary
Warrant Shares issuable thereunder by the applicable holder thereof, or if such Ordinary Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without
volume or manner of sale limitations (assuming cashless exercise of the Ordinary Warrants) or if such legend is not otherwise required
under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the
Commission) then such Ordinary Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such
legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the later of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company
or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing such Ordinary Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend, deliver
or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends.
The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section 4. Ordinary Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to
the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such
Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number
of Trading Days (including no Trading Days if the settlement date is the trade date), on the Companys primary Trading Market with
respect to the Ordinary Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Ordinary Warrant Shares issued with
a restrictive legend.

(e) The
Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant
is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
or if the Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall
be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement
registering the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale
of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants in writing that such registration
statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and
available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the
ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal
and state securities laws). The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration
Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.2. Furnishing
of Information. 

(a) Until
the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Ordinary Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to file
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act unless the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act, in which case this Section 4.2 shall have no further force or effect.

19

(b) At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Shares
and Ordinary Warrant Shares (assuming cashless exercise) may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with
Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy
the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes
an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information
Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash,
as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Shares or Ordinary
Warrant Shares, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount with respect to the Shares or the Exercise
Price of such Purchasers Ordinary Warrants on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated
for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and
(b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Ordinary Warrant Shares pursuant to
Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public
Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar
month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure
giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments
in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months)
until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure,
and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.3. Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Ordinary Warrants or Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder or that would be integrated
with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent
transaction.

4.4. Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective
upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under
any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that
each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and
neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser (other than the press release described in the first sentence
of this Section 4.4), or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company (other than the
press release described in the first sentence of this Section 4.4), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except
if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of
such public statement or communication, or if such disclosure is consistent with the Form 8-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory
agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection
with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading
Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause
(b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

20

4.5. Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6. Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of,
such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or its
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

4.7. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder in the manner described in the Prospectus
Supplement and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of
trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Ordinary Shares
or Ordinary Share Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8. Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities,
obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) any material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or
in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising out of or relating to
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is principally based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such
Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any
conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If
any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser
Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of
its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the actual and documented fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the
expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in
writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action
there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party, a material conflict on any material issue between the
position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable and
documented (subject to redactions necessary to preserve privilege or to protect client confidentiality) fees and expenses of no more than
one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser
Party effected without the Companys prior written consent; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by the Purchaser in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of
such Purchaser Party as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The indemnification required
by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and
when bills are received or are incurred; provided that, if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled to
indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any payments that are
advanced pursuant to this provision. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar
right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

21

4.9. Reservation
of Ordinary Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant
to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10. Listing
of Ordinary Shares. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Ordinary
Shares on the principal Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to
list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Ordinary Shares traded on any other Trading
Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary
to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company
will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Ordinary Shares on a Trading Market and will
comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading
Market. The Company agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Ordinary Shares for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to
the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11. Subsequent
Equity Sales.

4.11. Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until
thirty (30) days after the date on which the Warrants are first exercisable, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents or (ii)
file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement, filing a registration statement
on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon 30 days post the registration of the shares
underlying the Warrants, the Company may undertake a private placement of restricted securities issued to non-U.S. persons
(as defined in Regulation S) introduced by the Company, provided such person is not an institutional investor, not involving
any placement agent, and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Regulation S (Regulation S) as promulgated under the Securities Act.

22

(b) From the date hereof until
thirty (30) days after the date on which the warrants are registered, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Share Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the
Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right
to receive additional Ordinary Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon
and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Ordinary Shares at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or
equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the
business of the Company or the market for the Ordinary Shares or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including,
but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a
future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such
agreement is subsequently canceled. Notwithstanding the foregoing, commencing on the 31st day following the date f registration of the
Warrants, nothing in this paragraph shall prevent the Company from issuing securities under an at-the-market facility. Any Purchaser shall
be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right
to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance.

4.12. Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.13. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives).
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the
issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a
multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the
portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such
Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

23

4.14. Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.15. Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements (or any substantially
similar lock-up agreements signed by transferees of the initial parties to the Lock-Up Agreements) except to extend the term of the lock-up
period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement (or any substantially similar lock-up agreements signed by transferees
of the initial parties to the Lock-Up Agreements) in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement (or any substantially
similar lock-up agreements signed by transferees of the initial parties to the Lock-Up Agreements) breaches any provision of a Lock-Up
Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

4.16. Blue
Sky Filings. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption
for, or to qualify the Ordinary Warrant and Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable thereunder for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

4.17. Registration
Statement. As soon as practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the date of this Agreement), the Company shall file
a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Resale Registration Statement) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the
Ordinary Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Ordinary Warrants. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause such registration statement to become effective within 105 days following the Closing Date and to keep such registration statement
effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Ordinary Warrants or Ordinary Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by (i) any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect
whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, or (ii) by the Company,
by written notice to the Purchasers, if in either case, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day
following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue
for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2. Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3. Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4. Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

24

5.5. Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers who purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares initially issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, voting together as a single class, based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be
required (except that prior to the Closing, the consent of each such disproportionately impacted Purchase shall also be required). No
waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver
in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof except to the
extent expressly stated in such waiver, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair
the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights
and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written
consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser
and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6. Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger, consolidation, spin-off, or any similar transaction). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement
to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound,
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be a third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company
in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9. Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal law of the State of New York. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings
concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents
(whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees
or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an
inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

25

5.10. Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the applicable statute
of limitations.

5.11. Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act,
the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), such signature shall be deemed to have been
duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, if any Purchaser requests a Warrant with original wet ink signatures, the Company shall
deliver such original Warrants without any electronic signatures.

5.12. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13. Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser validly exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or
withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole
or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any Ordinary Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise
notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14. Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15. Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16. Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

26

5.17. Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel (i) have chosen to communicate with the Company
through the Placement Agents Counsel, and (ii) understand and agree that the Placement Agents Counsel does not represent
any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms
and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers.
It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between
the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18. Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19. Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20. Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and Ordinary Shares in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Ordinary Shares that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY RELATED TO THE TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: E-Mail:

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $

Shares: 

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99%
or 9.99%

Ordinary Warrant
Shares: Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99%
or 9.99%

EIN Number: 

Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities
set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such securities
to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the first
(1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement if this Agreement is entered into before 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, or no later than
the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof, if this Agreement is entered at or after 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, and (iii) any
condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the
Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be
a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement,
instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex10-2_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

PRE-FUNDED ORDINARY SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT

ATIF
Holdings Limited

Warrant Shares: Initial Exercise Date: _____, 2025

Issue Date: February__, 2025 

This PRE-FUNDED ORDINARY
SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [___________________] or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date referred to above as the Initial Exercise Date (the Initial Exercise Date)
until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED, a British Virgin Islands company (the Company), up to _______ Ordinary Shares (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares), par value $0.001 per share (the Ordinary Shares)
of the Company. The purchase price of one Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated February 4, 2025, between the Company and the purchasers named therein.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or
PDF copy submitted by email (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the unpaid portion of the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States
bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.01 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company
on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.01
per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not
be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any
reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid
exercise price per Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be $0.01, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder
shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Ordinary Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

VWAP means, for
any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted
on The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or any tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market (each, a Trading Market),
the daily volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on
which the Ordinary Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a trading
day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted on the OTCQB
or OTCQX (each as operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or any successor market), the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Ordinary Shares are not then listed or quoted
for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX Markets and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported in the OTC Pink Market published by
OTC Markets Group Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Ordinary Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Ordinary Shares as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant
Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrants
being exercised may be tacked onto the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c).

2

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company by the Holder of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Ordinary Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise at Option of Holder. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. For avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall not be required to surrender this Warrant certificate upon a partial exercise of this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

3

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Ordinary Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Ordinary Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

4

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Ordinary Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Ordinary
Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Ordinary Shares Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected
in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Ordinary
Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing
to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Ordinary
Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Ordinary Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Ordinary Shares (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Ordinary Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
Ordinary Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Ordinary Shares into
a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Ordinary Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in
each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Ordinary Shares
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted
such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Ordinary Shares Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of
any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary
Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase
Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in
such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent)
and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distribution.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution (other than cash) of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Ordinary Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares (not including any Ordinary Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to,
or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to
receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of Ordinary Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number
of Ordinary Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise,
the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Ordinary Shares in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion
the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Ordinary Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise
of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which
the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under
this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Ordinary Shares acquirable and receivable
upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest hundredth of a cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case
may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Ordinary Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

7

f) Notice to
Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Ordinary Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Ordinary Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Ordinary Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Ordinary Shares is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Ordinary Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Ordinary Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Ordinary Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of
the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

8

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by or on behalf of the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section
2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to
net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

i. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Ordinary Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

ii. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

9

iii. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law; Venue. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been executed and delivered in New York and both this Warrant and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect, and in all other respects by the laws of the
State of New York applicable to agreements wholly performed within the borders of such state and without regard to the conflicts of laws
principals thereof (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of The New York General Obligations Law). Each of the Holder and the Company:
(a) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant and/or the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be instituted exclusively in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (b) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or
proceeding, and (c) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Holder and the Company
further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address or delivered by Federal Express
via overnight delivery shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding,
and service of process upon the Holder mailed by certified mail to the Holders address or delivered by Federal Express via overnight
delivery shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Holder, in any such suit, action or proceeding. THE HOLDER
(ON BEHALF OF ITSELF, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS RESPECTIVE EQUITY HOLDERS AND CREDITORS)
HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT HOLDER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
WARRANT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS WARRANT.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 11 of the
Underwriting Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Ordinary Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

10

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________________

__________________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

__________________________________________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

__________________________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date: ______________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _________, ________ 

Holders Signature: ______________________________ 

Holders Address: _______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex10-3_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

ORDINARY SHARES PURCHASE WARRANT

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED

Warrant Shares: _____________ Date of Issue: February [_], 2025

THIS ORDINARY SHARES PURCHASE
WARRANT (Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [________________] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or August
[____], 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on August [__], 2030 (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to purchase from ATIF Holdings Limited, a British Virgins Island company (the
Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Ordinary
Shares. The purchase price of one share of Ordinary Shares under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Adjustment
Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect to, any issuance or
sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with Section 3) of shares of Ordinary Shares (other than rights of the type described
in Sections 3(c) - 3(e) hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection
with, or with respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar
rights).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(e).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(e).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) provided the Ordinary Shares is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Ordinary Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on
the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Ordinary Shares is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Ordinary Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Ordinary Shares as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Black
Scholes Value shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e).

Bloomberg
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in definition of Bid Price.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(d)(iv).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Ordinary Shares.

2

Distribution
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(d).

DWAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(d)(i).

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Holder
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Initial
Exercise Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Notice
of Exercise shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(a).

Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Ordinary Shares or Convertible Securities.

Ordinary
Shares means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Ordinary
Shares Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Ordinary Shares.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(c).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Termination
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

3

Trading
Day means a day on which the Ordinary Shares is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares is listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Transhare Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 17755
North US Highway 19 Suite 140, Clearwater, FL 33764, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Ordinary
Shares is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Ordinary Shares are then reported on the Pink
Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of the Ordinary Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Ordinary Shares as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(c).

Warrant
Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Warrants
means the Ordinary Shares purchase warrants issued by the Company.

4

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for
the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be $1.20 per share, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement
registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant
may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled
to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading
Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Ordinary Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported
by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed
during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2)
hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP
on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

5

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and the Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 under
the Securities Act, and otherwise by physical delivery of the Warrant Shares, registered in the Companys share register in the
name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the
address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such
date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all
corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Ordinary Shares on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share
Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary
Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

6

ii. Delivery of
New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the
exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option
of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored
(in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares that would have been issued
had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Ordinary Shares
having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Ordinary Shares with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver the Ordinary Shares upon exercise of
the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

7

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall either pay a
cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to
the next whole share of Ordinary Shares.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to The Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company
will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms
hereof.

8

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall
exclude the number of shares of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this
Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Ordinary Shares Equivalents)
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on the number
of outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For
purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares, a Holder may rely on the number
of outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the
Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company
or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder,
the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Ordinary Shares then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Ordinary Shares
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the
sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder.

9

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Ordinary Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Ordinary Shares
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Ordinary Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock
split) outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Ordinary
Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Reserved.

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Ordinary Shares Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon
the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

10

d) Reserved.

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for
other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or 50% or more
of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Ordinary Shares is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Ordinary Shares or 50% or more of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Ordinary Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company,
if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Ordinary Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Ordinary Shares in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Ordinary Shares are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

11

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from
the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised
portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the
Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Board of Directors, the Holder shall
only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion),
at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Ordinary Shares
of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Ordinary Shares are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Ordinary Shares of the Company are not offered or
paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Ordinary Shares will be deemed to have received Ordinary Shares
of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black
Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes
and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of
the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater
of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the historical volatility function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C)
the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash,
if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP
during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders
request pursuant to this Section 3(d), (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black
Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within five (5) Business Days
of the Holders election (or, if later, on the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction).

12

The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the
shares of Ordinary Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of
this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares
of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Ordinary Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Ordinary Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the
sum of the number of shares of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to
Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

13

ii. Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Ordinary
Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Ordinary Shares, (C) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Ordinary Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Ordinary Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Ordinary Shares is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Ordinary Shares of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Ordinary Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Ordinary Shares for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h) Voluntary
Adjustment by the Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

14

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

15

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Ordinary Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Ordinary Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

16

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the
interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their
respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the
state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action
or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail
or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or
proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the
other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company at 25391 Commercentre Dr., Ste 200, Lake Forest, California, Attention: Yue Ming, Chief Financial Officer, Email: moon@atifchina.com,
or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing
on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent
that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

17

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Ordinary Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Ordinary Shares Purchase Warrant

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula
set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the
cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________ 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Holder: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: _________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Date: _________________________________________________________________________

A-1

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: _______________ 

Email Address: ____________________________ 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:_________________________ 

Holders Address:__________________________ 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex10-4_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

February __, 2025

Re: Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2025
(the Placement Agreement), between ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED (the Company) and R. F. Lafferty &
Co., Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Capitalized terms used but
not defined in this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement) shall have the meanings set forth in the Placement Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 9(F) of the Placement Agreement and in satisfaction of a condition of the Companys obligations under the Placement
Agreement, the undersigned irrevocably agrees with the Company that, from the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the date on which
Placement Securities are registered (such period, the Restriction Period) the undersigned will not offer, sell, contract
to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected
to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by
the undersigned or any affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act (each, an Affiliate)
of the undersigned or any person in privity with the undersigned or any Affiliate of the undersigned), directly or indirectly, or establish
or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to, any Ordinary Shares or securities convertible,
exchangeable or exercisable into, Ordinary Shares beneficially owned, held or hereafter acquired by the undersigned (the Securities)
or make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the
registration of any Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Shares Equivalents or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. Beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. In order to enforce this covenant, the Company shall impose irrevocable stop-transfer instructions
preventing the transfer agent of the Company from effecting any actions in violation of this Letter Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer the Securities provided that (1) the Company receives a signed lock-up
letter agreement (in the form of this Letter Agreement) for the balance of the Restriction Period from each donee, trustee, distributee,
or transferee, as the case may be, prior to such transfer (2) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (3) such transfer
is not required to be reported with the Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with the Exchange Act and no report of such transfer
shall be made voluntarily, and (4) neither the undersigned nor any donee, trustee, distributee or transferee, as the case may be, otherwise
voluntarily effects any public filing or report regarding such transfers, with respect to transfer:

i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, or charitable contribution(s);

ii) to any immediate family member or to any trust for the direct
or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned (for purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate
family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin);

iii) to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
or other business entity all of the equity holders of which consist of the undersigned and/or the immediate family of the undersigned;

iv) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, trust or other business entity (a) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other
business entity that is an Affiliate of the undersigned, (b) in the form of a distribution to limited partners, limited liability company
members or stockholders of the undersigned, or (c) in connection with a sale, merger or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the undersigned or any other change of control of the undersigned, not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed
by this Letter Agreement;

v) if the undersigned is a trust, to the beneficiary of such
trust; or

vi) by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession
to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned;

In addition, notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Letter Agreement shall not restrict the delivery of shares of Ordinary Shares to the undersigned upon (i) exercise
any options granted under any employee benefit plan of the Company; provided that any shares of Ordinary Shares or Securities acquired
in connection with any such exercise will be subject to the restrictions set forth in this Letter Agreement, or (ii) the exercise of warrants
or any other security convertible into or exercisable for Ordinary Shares ; provided that such Ordinary Shares delivered to the undersigned
in connection with such exercise or conversion are subject to the restrictions set forth in this Letter Agreement.

Furthermore, the undersigned
may enter into any new plan established in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act; provided that (i) such plan may only be established
if no public announcement or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other applicable regulatory authority, is made in
connection with the establishment of such plan during the Restriction Period and (ii) no sale of shares of Ordinary Shares are made pursuant
to such plan during the Restriction Period.

The undersigned acknowledges
that the execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement is a material inducement to the Placement Agent to complete the
transactions contemplated by the Placement Agreement and the Company shall be entitled to specific performance of the undersigneds
obligations hereunder. The undersigned hereby represents that the undersigned has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
this Letter Agreement, that the undersigned has received adequate consideration therefor and that the undersigned will indirectly benefit
from the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Placement Agreement.

This Letter Agreement may
not be amended or otherwise modified in any respect without the written consent of each of the Company and the undersigned. This Letter
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws. The undersigned hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the Southern
District of New York and the courts of the State of New York located in Manhattan, for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Letter Agreement, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that (i) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, (ii) the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum, or (iii) the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. The undersigned hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by receiving a copy thereof sent to the
Company at the address in effect for notices to it under the Placement Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The undersigned hereby waives any right to a trial by jury. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The undersigned agrees and understands
that this Letter Agreement does not intend to create any relationship between the undersigned and the Placement Agent and that the Placement
Agent is not entitled to cast any votes on the matters herein contemplated and that no issuance or sale of the Securities is created or
intended by virtue of this Letter Agreement.

This Letter Agreement shall
be binding on successors and assigns of the undersigned with respect to the Securities and any such successor or assign shall enter into
a similar agreement for the benefit of the Placement Agent.

It is understood that, this
Letter Agreement shall automatically terminate, and the undersigned shall be released from its obligations hereunder, upon the earliest
to occur, if any, of (i) prior to the execution of the Placement Agreement, the Company advises R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc., in writing
that it has determined not to proceed with the Placement, (ii) the Placement Agreement is executed but is terminated prior to payment
for and delivery of any Placement Shares pursuant to the Placement Agreement, or (iii) ___________ __, 2025, in the event that the Placement
Agreement has not been executed by such date.

This Letter Agreement is intended
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
provisions hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

*** SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS***

2

This Letter Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together may be considered one and the same agreement.

_________________________

Signature

__________________________

Print Name

__________________________

Position in Company, if any

Address for Notice:

___________________________

___________________________

____________________________

Number of shares of Ordinary Shares

_____________________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Ordinary Shares underlying
subject to warrants, options, debentures or other convertible securities

By signing below, the Company
agrees to enforce the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement.

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex10-5_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

February __, 2025

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

40 Wall Street, 29th Floor

New York, NY 10005 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introductory. This
Placement Agency Agreement the (this Agreement) sets forth the terms upon which R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. (the
Placement Agent), shall be engaged by ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED, a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands (the Company), to act as the exclusive Placement Agent in connection with (a) the registered direct offering
(hereinafter referred to as the Registered Offering) of ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share (the Ordinary
Shares) and Pre Funded Warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares (the Pre- Funded Warrants together with the Ordinary Shares the Registered
Securities) and (b) the concurrent private placement (the Placement) of Warrants to Purchase Ordinary
Shares (the Placement Ordinary Shares or the Placement Securities). The
Registered Securities will be offered and sold under the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268927) and
the Placement Securities will be offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act
contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D thereunder. The Registered
Ordinary Shares and the Placement Ordinary Shares are collectively referred to as the Offered Securities.

The terms of each of the Registered
Offering and Registered Securities and the Placement and the Placement Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the
purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers) and nothing herein constitutes
that the Placement Agent would have the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue
any Offered Securities or complete either the Registered Offering or the Placement. The date of the closing of the Registered Offering
and the Placement shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement
does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Offered Securities and does not ensure the successful placement
of the Offered Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing on
behalf of the Company. Following the prior written consent of the Company, the Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to
act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Registered Offering or the Placement. The sale of the Registered
Securities and the Placement Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by the securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) by and among the Company and such Purchasers in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. Capitalized terms
that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing the Purchase
Agreement, executive officers of the Company will be available upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours to answer inquiries
from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. Representations of the
Company. With respect to the Offered Securities, each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure
schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Registered Offering
or the Placement, as applicable, is hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and
is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to
the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that there are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm participating in the Placement
among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater stockholder of the
Company. 

B. Covenants of the Company.
The Company covenants and agrees to continue to retain (i) a firm of independent PCAOB registered public accountants for a period of at
least five (5) years after the Closing Date and (ii) a competent transfer agent with respect to the Ordinary Shares for a period of five
(5) years after the Closing Date.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS
OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United States of America,
applicable to the offers and sales of the Offered Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate body validly existing
under the laws of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement. The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status with respect to subsections
(i) through (v) above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Registered Offering and
the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

SECTION 3. COMPENSATION.

A. Cash Compensation.
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent or its respective designees
a total cash fee equal to seven percent (7%) of the aggregate gross proceeds from the Registered Offering and the Placement of the total
amount of Offered Securities sold (collectively, the Cash Fee).

B. [Reserved]

C. [Reserved]. 

D. Tail Financing. The
Placement Agent shall be entitled to compensation under Section 2(e) of that certain Engagement Letter dated February 3, 2025 (the Engagement
Letter), between the Company and the Placement Agent, calculated in the manner set forth therein, with respect to any public
or private offering or other financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (Tail Financing) to the extent
that such financing or capital is provided to the Company by investors whom the Placement Agent actually introduced the Company to between
February 3, 2025 and February 4, 2025, if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the six (6) month period following the
later of (i) the Closing Date or (ii) the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

E. Reduction of Compensation.
The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event
that a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA
Rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION 4. EXPENSES.
The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance, delivery
and qualification of the Offered Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar
and transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares ; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance
and sale of the Offered Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public
accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and
distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts),
and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification
or registration of) all or any part of the Offered Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the securities
laws of any other country; (vii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Offered Securities on the Trading Market; (viii)
up to $75,000 for the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent, including the fees and expenses of Lucosky Brookman LLP, counsel to the
Placement Agent. The Placement Agent may deduct from the net proceeds of the Registered Offering and the Placement payable to the Company
on the Closing Date, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent, to the extent not already paid.

2

SECTION 5. INDEMNIFICATION.

A. To the extent permitted by
law, with respect to the Offered Securities, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and its affiliates, stockholders, directors,
officers, employees, members and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement, including,
without limitation, any failure by the Company to obtain any required consent, except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages,
expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have
resulted primarily and directly from a Placement Agents willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described
herein.

B. Promptly after receipt by
the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the Placement Agent is
entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will promptly notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement
of such action or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have hereunder,
except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company
so elects or is requested by the Placement Agent, the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ its own counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such
action if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional
responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements
of no more than one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company, in addition to fees of local counsel. The Company will have the
right to settle the claim or proceeding, provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior
written consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. 

C. The Company agrees to notify
the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding
relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

D. If for any reason the foregoing
indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then the Company shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as
is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other,
but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses,
claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred in defending
any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability
hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under this Agreement
(excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

E. These indemnification provisions
shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is completed and shall survive the
termination of this Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party
under this Agreement or otherwise.

SECTION 6. ENGAGEMENT
TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder will be until the later of (i) February 5, 2025 and (ii) the Closing Date.
The date of termination of this Agreement is referred to herein as the Termination Date. In the event, however, in
the course of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence it deems, it necessary to terminate the engagement, the Placement
Agent may do so prior to the Termination Date. The Company may elect to terminate the engagement hereunder for any reason prior to the
Termination Date but will remain responsible for fees pursuant to Section 3 hereof with respect to the Offered Securities if sold in the
Registered Offering or the Placement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning the Companys
obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification
and contribution contained herein will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior
to the completion of the Registered Offering or the Placement, all fees due to the Placement Agent as set forth in Section 3 shall be
paid by the Company to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination
Date). The Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the
Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

3

SECTION 7. PLACEMENT
AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement
is for the confidential use of the Company only in its evaluation of the Registered Offering and the Placement and, except as otherwise
required by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents
prior written consent.

SECTION 8. NO FIDUCIARY
RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not
a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity
holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder,
all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 9. CLOSING.
The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when
made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement,
to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as
otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent:

A. All corporate proceedings
and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement, the Offered Securities,
and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby with respect to the Offered Securities
shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to the Placement Agent.

B. The Placement Agent shall
have received on the Closing Date the favorable opinion of Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC, counsel to the Company, and a written
statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

C. The Placement Agent shall
have received (i) a customary Officers Certificate, executed and delivered by the Companys executive officers, as to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement and (ii) a Secretarys Certificate executed and
delivered by the Companys corporate secretary certifying that (A) the Companys charter documents are true and complete,
have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (B) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to
the Registered Offering and the Placement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (C) as to the incumbency of the officers
of the Company and (D) other customary certifications reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

D. The Placement Agent shall
have received (i) on the date of this Agreement, a Chief Financial Officers Certificate regarding certain financial information
included in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.

E. [Reserved.]

F. The Placement Agent shall
have received, no later than on the Closing Date, executed copies of the Lock-Up Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
D, from each of the persons listed in Schedule 1 hereto.

G. The Placement Agent shall
have received on the Closing Date satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company and its subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions
of organization and their good standing as foreign corporations in such other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably request,
in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions,
dated no more than one (1) business day prior to the Closing Date.

4

H. The Registered Ordinary Shares
shall be registered under the Exchange Act. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of terminating
the registration of the Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Ordinary Shares from the Trading
Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company received any information suggesting that the Commission or the
Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. In addition, the
Company shall have submitted a listing of additional shares notification form to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC with respect to the Offered
Securities and shall have received no objection thereto from Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

I. No action shall have been
taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental agency or body which would,
as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Offered Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or
state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Offered
Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

J. The Company shall have entered
into (i) a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers and such agreement shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations,
warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed upon between the Company and the Purchasers.

K. FINRA shall have raised no
objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall, if requested
by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys behalf, any filing with the FINRA
Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the Placement and pay all filing fees required in connection
therewith.

If any of the conditions specified
in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, all obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder
may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the
Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION 10. GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. This Agreement may not be assigned
by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising
under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought
into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid
courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorney's fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION 11. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Engagement Letter shall
remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such
determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full
force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both
the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing
Date of the Registered Offering and the Placement and delivery of the Offered Securities. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts
have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.
In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile
or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5

SECTION 12.NOTICES.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address
specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b) the next business day
after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on
a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third business day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 13. PRESS
ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, on and after the Closing Date, have the right to reference the Registered
Offering and the Placement and the Placement Agents role in each in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing
materials and on its website and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

SECTION 14. STANDSTILL.
Without the prior written consent of Placement Agent, from the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Placement Securities are registered,
neither the Company nor any subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Shares equivalents, other than an Exempt Issuance or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment
or supplement thereto. For purposes of this Agreement, Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Ordinary
Shares or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any share or option plan duly adopted for such purpose,
by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors
established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that
such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, (c) the securities of the Company issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreements and (d) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 14 herein
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

[Signature page follows]

6

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agents the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

R. F. Lafferty
& Co., Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

40 Wall
Street, 29th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Attention: Robert Hackel

Email: Rhackel@rflafferty.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of the date first written above:

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

Attention:

Email:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex99-1_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRICING PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

ATIF
Holdings Limited Announces Approximately $2.5 Million Registered Direct and Private Placement

LAKE FOREST, Calif., Feb. 04, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
-- ATIF Holdings Limited (Nasdaq: ZBAI) (the Company), a Lake Forest-based business consulting company that specializes
in providing professional IPO, M&A advisory and post-IPO compliance services to small and medium-sized companies seeking to go public
on a stock exchange in the United States, today announced that it has entered into definitive agreements with an institutional investor
for the purchase and sale of its ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share (Ordinary Shares) and pre-funded warrants to
purchase Ordinary Shares (each, a Pre-Funded Warrant) in a registered direct offering. In a concurrent private placement,
the Company also agreed to sell to the same investor warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares (the Warrants). Aggregate gross
proceeds to the Company from both transactions are expected to be approximately $2.5 million.

The transactions consisted of the sale of 1,580,000
Ordinary Shares (each, a Share) and 887,553 Pre-Funded Warrants, each of which will be sold together with one Warrant to
purchase one Ordinary Share per Warrant at an exercise price of $1.20. The offering price per Share is $1.00 (or $0.99 for each Pre-Funded
Warrant, which is equal to the offering price per Share minus an exercise price of $0.01 per Pre-Funded Warrant). The Pre-Funded Warrants
will be immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until exercised in full.

Aggregate gross proceeds to the Company are expected
to be approximately $2.5 million. The transactions are expected to close on or about February 5, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of
customary closing conditions. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the offerings, together with its existing cash, for general
corporate purposes and working capital.

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. is acting as exclusive
placement agent for the offerings. Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC is acting as counsel to the Company. Lucosky Brookman LLP is acting
as counsel to R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

The registered direct offering is being made pursuant
to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-268927) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on March 21, 2023. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus
describing the terms of the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov.
Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, by contacting R.
F. Lafferty & Co., Inc by email at offerings@rflafferty.com or via standard mail to R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc, 40 Wall
Street, 27th Floor, New York, NY10005.

The offer and sale of the securities in the private
placement are being made in a transaction not involving a public offering and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not be reoffered or
resold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. The securities were offered only to accredited investors. Pursuant to
the securities purchase agreement with the investors, the Company has agreed to file one or more registration statements with the SEC
covering the resale of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

Before investing in this offering, interested
parties should read in their entirety the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company
has filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in such prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide
more information about the Company and such offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About ZBAI

ATIF Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: ZBAI) is a Lake
Forest-based business consulting company that specializes in providing professional IPO, M&A advisory and post-IPO compliance services
to small and medium-sized companies seeking to go public on a stock exchange in the United States. The company has a proven track
record in successfully delivering comprehensive U.S. IPO consulting services to clients primarily in the United States but also
internationally. The mission of ZBAI is to provide one-stop, comprehensive consulting services that guide clients through the complex
and often challenging process of going public. ZBAI recognizes the complexity and challenges associated with the process of going public,
and endeavors to simplify it while ensuring optimal outcomes for its clients through its comprehensive consulting services. ZBAI has been
awarded the Golden Bauhinia Award, the highest award in the financial and securities industry in Hong Kong, for Top
10 Best Listed Companies. 

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. When used in this press release, estimated, projected, Words such as expect, anticipate,
predict, plan, intend, believe, seek, may, will,
should, future, propose and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the opposite
of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements do not guarantee future
performance, conditions or results and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors,
many of which are outside the Companys control and may cause actual results or achievements to differ materially from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements. Important factors include future financial and operating results, including revenues, income, expenses,
cash balances and other financial items; Ability to manage growth and expansion; Current and future economic and political conditions;
The ability to compete in industries with low barriers to entry; The ability to obtain additional financing to fund capital expenditure
in the future. Ability to attract new customers and further enhance brand awareness; Ability to hire and retain qualified management and
key staff; Trends and competition in the financial advisory services industry; Pandemic or epidemic disease; Except as required by law,
the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or
changes in its expectations. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable,
the Company cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions you that actual results may
differ materially from the expected results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements we make. You should not interpret forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements represent only the beliefs and assumptions of our management as
of the date such statements are made. The above forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release.

Contact Information

kenny@atifchina.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023005301ex99-2_atifhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CLOSING PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

ATIF Holdings Limited Announces Closing
of $2.5 Million Registered Direct Offering and Private Placement

LAKE FOREST, Calif., Feb. 05, 2025
(GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ATIF Holdings Limited (Nasdaq: ZBAI) (the Company), a Lake Forest-based business consulting company
that specializes in providing professional IPO, M&A advisory and post-IPO compliance services to small and medium-sized companies
seeking to go public on a stock exchange in the United States, today announced the closing of its previously announced registered direct
offering and concurrent private placement with an institutional investor. The Company issued ordinary shares and pre-funded warrants
(Pre-Funded Warrants) in a registered direct offering. In a concurrent private placement, the Company also issued to the
same investor warrants to purchase ordinary shares (the Warrants). Aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from both transactions
were approximately $2.5 million. The transactions closed on February 5, 2025.

The transactions consisted of the
sale of 1,580,000 ordinary shares (each a Share) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 887,553 Shares, each of which was sold
together with one Warrant to purchase one Share at an exercise price of $1.20. The offering price per Share was $1.00 (or $0.99 for each
Pre-Funded Warrant, which is equal to the offering price per Share minus an exercise price of $0.01 per Pre-Funded Warrant). The Pre-Funded
Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until exercised in full.

The Company expects to use the net
proceeds from the offerings, together with its existing cash, for general corporate purposes and working capital.

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. acted
as exclusive placement agent for the offerings. Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC acted as counsel to the Company. Lucosky Brookman
LLP acted as counsel to R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

The registered direct offering was
made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-268927) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on March 21, 2023. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying
prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering was filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov.
Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, by contacting R.
F. Lafferty & Co., Inc by email at offerings@rflafferty.com or via standard mail to R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc, 40 Wall
Street, 27th Floor, New York, NY10005.

The offer and sale of the securities
in the private placement were made in a transaction not involving a public offering and have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not
be reoffered or resold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. The securities were offered only to accredited
investors. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement with the investor, the Company has agreed to file one or more registration statements
with the SEC covering the resale of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

This press release shall not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

About ZBAI

ATIF Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: ZBAI)
is a Lake Forest-based business consulting company that specializes in providing professional IPO, M&A advisory and post-IPO
compliance services to small and medium-sized companies seeking to go public on a stock exchange in the United States. The company
has a proven track record in successfully delivering comprehensive U.S. IPO consulting services to clients primarily in the United
States but also internationally. The mission of ZBAI is to provide one-stop, comprehensive consulting services that guide clients
through the complex and often challenging process of going public. ZBAI recognizes the complexity and challenges associated with the
process of going public, and endeavors to simplify it while ensuring optimal outcomes for its clients through its comprehensive consulting
services. ZBAI has been awarded the Golden Bauhinia Award, the highest award in the financial and securities industry in Hong
Kong, for Top 10 Best Listed Companies. 

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release
are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe Harbor" provisions of the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this press release, "estimated," "projected," Words such as
"expect", "anticipate", "predict", "plan", "intend", "believe", "seek",
"may", "will", "should", "future", "propose" and variations of these words or similar
expressions (or the opposite of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements do not guarantee future performance, conditions or results and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside the Company's control and may cause actual results or achievements
to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors include future financial and operating
results, including revenues, income, expenses, cash balances and other financial items; Ability to manage growth and expansion; Current
and future economic and political conditions; The ability to compete in industries with low barriers to entry; The ability to obtain
additional financing to fund capital expenditure in the future. Ability to attract new customers and further enhance brand awareness;
Ability to hire and retain qualified management and key staff; Trends and competition in the financial advisory services industry; Pandemic
or epidemic disease; Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect
subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct,
and the Company cautions you that actual results may differ materially from the expected results expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements we make. You should not interpret forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements represent
only the beliefs and assumptions of our management as of the date such statements are made. The above forward-looking statements are
made as of the date of this press release.

Contact Information

kenny@atifchina.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>zbai-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>zbai-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>zbai-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38876

Entity Registrant Name ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED

Entity Central Index Key 0001755058

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One 25391 Commercentre Dr.,

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste 200

Entity Address, City or Town Lake Forest

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92630

City Area Code 308

Local Phone Number 888-8888

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol ZBAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ir.atifchina.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0230053-8k_atifhold.htm 
zbai-20250204.xsd 
zbai-20250204_lab.xml 
zbai-20250204_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-010548-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ea0230053-8k_atifhold_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001755058 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001755058 
D8 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 
001-38876 
25391 Commercentre Dr., 
Ste 200 
Lake Forest 
CA 
92630 
308 
888-8888 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, $0.001 par value 
ZBAI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>