<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-010531.txt : 20250207
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-010531.hdr.sgml : 20250207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207160613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-010531
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ocugen, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372299
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36751
		FILM NUMBER:		25601712

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 GREAT VALLEY PARKWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-328-4701

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 GREAT VALLEY PARKWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HISTOGENICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060810
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255898d1_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000137229900013722992024-11-062024-11-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

Amendment No. 1

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 7, 2025(November 6, 2024)

OCUGEN,
INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Delaware 001-36751 04-3522315

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

11 Great Valley Parkway,Malvern,Pennsylvania19355

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(484)
328-4701

Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:

(Title
of each class) (Trading

Symbol) (Name
of each exchange

on which registered)

Common
Stock, $0.01 par value OCGN 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR
230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note

The sole purpose of this Amendment No. 1 to Current Report on Form 8-K is to add exhibits 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3, which
were inadvertently omitted from the Current Report on Form 8-K that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
6, 2024 (the Original Report). The information in the Original Report is being filed in its entirety for convenience and
ease of reference, but the only change is the inclusion of the exhibits and related paragraphs set forth above. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Loan and Security Agreement 

On
November 6, 2024 (the Closing Date), Ocugen, Inc. (the Company) and its wholly owned subsidiary Ocugen OpCo,
Inc., each as borrowers, entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan and Security Agreement), with Avenue Capital
Management II, L.P., as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Agent), Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P.,
as a lender (Avenue 2), and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P., as a lender (Avenue 1, and together with
Avenue 2, the Lenders).

Amount.
The Loan and Security Agreement provides for term loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $30.0 million (the Loan Amount)
to be delivered in one tranche on the Closing Date (the Term Loans). The Company intends to use the proceeds of the Term
Loans for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Maturity.
The Term Loans mature on November 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date).

Interest
Rate and Amortization. The principal balance of the Term Loans bears interest at a variable rate per annum equal to the sum
of 4.25% and the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal, subject to a prime floor equal to The Wall Street Journal
prime rate on Closing Date. The Term Loans will amortize in equal payments of principal from the end of interest only period to the Maturity
Date.

Final
Payment. The Company will pay 4.25% of the Loan Amount, due upon the earlier of the Maturity Date or prepayment of the Term
Loans (the Final Payment).

Prepayment
Fee. The Company may, at its option at any time, prepay the Term Loans in their entirety by paying the then outstanding principal
balance and all accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loans, subject to a prepayment premium equal to (i) 3.0% of the principal amount
outstanding if the prepayment occurs on or prior to the first anniversary following the Closing Date, (ii) 2.0% of the principal amount
outstanding if the prepayment occurs after the first anniversary following the Closing Date, but on or prior to the second anniversary
following the Closing Date, (iii) 1.0% of the principal amount outstanding if the prepayment occurs after the second anniversary following
the Closing Date, but on or prior to the third anniversary following the Closing Date, and (iv) 0.5% of the principal amount outstanding
if the prepayment occurs at any time thereafter.

Security.
The Loan and Security Agreement is collateralized by all of the Companys assets in which the Agent is granted senior secured lien.
The Company also grants the Lenders a negative pledge on the Companys intellectual property.

Covenants;
Representations and Warranties; Other Provisions. The Loan and Security Agreement contains customary representations, warranties
and covenants, including covenants by the Company limiting additional indebtedness, liens (including a negative pledge on intellectual
property and other assets), guaranties, mergers and consolidations, substantial asset sales, investments and loans, certain corporate
changes, transactions with affiliates and fundamental changes.

Default
Provisions. The Loan and Security Agreement provides for events of default customary for term loans of this type, including
but not limited to non-payment, breaches or defaults in the performance of covenants, insolvency, bankruptcy and the occurrence of a material
adverse effect on the Company. After the occurrence of an event of default, the Agent may (i) accelerate payment of all obligations, impose
an increased rate of interest, and terminate the Lenders commitments under the Loan and Security Agreement and (ii) exercise any
other right or remedy provided by contract or applicable law.

Conversion
Right. Additionally, the Lenders have the right to convert an aggregate amount of up to $6.0 million of the outstanding principal
amount into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price per share equal to a 80% of the trading price on the date of conversion, which
shall be at Lenders option. In the event the Company elects to prepay the Term Loans in full, Lenders shall have 10 days to elect
to exercise its conversion right prior to such prepayment. All conversion rights shall terminate on Term Loans payoff. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the aggregate amount of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Conversion Right and the Equity Grant
shall not exceed a number of shares equal to 19.9% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock.

The foregoing summary of the
Loan and Security Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Loan and
Security Agreement, and the Supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 and are
incorporated by reference herein. The representations, warranties and covenants Loan and Security Agreement were made only for purposes
of such agreement and as of specific dates and were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement.

Subscription Agreement

In
connection with the entry into the Loan and Security Agreement, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement (the Subscription
Agreement) by and among the Company and the Lenders, pursuant to which the Company issued (i) 211,268 shares of Common Stock to
Avenue 1 and (ii) 845,070 shares of Common Stock to Avenue 2, with an issue date as of the Closing Date. The issuance of the shares of
Common Stock was made in reliance on the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder, because the offer and sale of such securities does not involve
a public offering as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and other applicable requirements are met.

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the SEC within 90 days
of the Closing Date a registration statement on Form S-3, registering the resale of the shares granted pursuant to the Subscription Agreement,
and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon Conversion Right pursuant to the Loan and Security Agreement.

The
foregoing summary of the Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of Subscription Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The representations,
warranties and covenants Subscription Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates and were solely
for the benefit of the parties to such agreement.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information provided in
Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Loan and Security Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information provided in
Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Subscription Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On November 7, 2024, the Company
issued a press release announcing the execution of the Loan and Security Agreement. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024, by and among the Company and the Lenders.

10.2 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024, by and among the Company, Ocugen OpCo, Inc., the Agent, and the Lenders. 

10.3 Supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024, by and among the Company, Ocugen Opco, Inc., the Agent, and the Lenders.

99.1 Press Release of the Company, dated
November 7, 2024. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) were
omitted in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

OCUGEN, INC.

Date: February 7, 2025 /s/ Shankar Musunuri

Name: Shankar Musunuri

Title: Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, & Co-Founder
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255898d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [***], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
PURSUANT TO REGULATION S-K, ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv). SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION IS NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS
AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Execution Version

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

Ocugen, Inc.

11 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This Subscription Agreement (this Subscription
Agreement) is being entered into as of the date set forth on the signature page hereto, by and among Ocugen, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P. (Avenue) and Avenue
Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. (Avenue 2, and together with Avenue, each an Investor and
collectively, the Investors).

This Subscription Agreement is entered into in
connection with that certain Loan and Security Agreement by and among the Company, Avenue Capital Management II, L.P. (the Agent)
and the Investors, dated as of even date herewith, as supplemented by the Supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement, by and among
the Company, the Agent and the Investors (collectively, the LSA).

In connection therewith, and in consideration of
the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties and covenants, and subject to the conditions, set forth herein, and intending
to be legally bound hereby, each of the Investors and the Company acknowledges and agrees as follows:

1. Subscription.
Investor hereby irrevocably subscribes for the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock),
of the Company set forth on the signature page of this Subscription Agreement (the Shares) on the terms and
subject to the conditions provided for herein.

2. Closing.
The closing of the issuance of the Shares (the Closing) shall occur substantially concurrently with and conditioned
upon the execution of the LSA (as defined above) (the Closing Date). On the Closing Date, the Company shall issue
the number of Shares to Investor set forth on the signature page to this Subscription Agreement, and shall subsequently cause such
Shares to be registered in book entry form in the name of Investor on the Companys share register. For purposes of this Subscription
Agreement, business day shall mean a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which commercial banks in New York, New York
are open for the general transaction of business.

3. Closing Conditions.

(a) The
obligation of the parties hereto to consummate the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Subscription Agreement is subject to the following
conditions:

(i) the execution of the LSA

(ii) no
applicable governmental authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any judgment, order, law, rule or
regulation (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent)
which is then in effect and has the effect of making consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or otherwise restraining
or prohibiting consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby

1 

(iii) all
conditions precedent to the closing of the Transaction shall have been satisfied or waived (as determined by the parties thereto and other
than those conditions which, by their nature, are to be fulfilled at the closing of the Transaction, including to the extent that any
such condition is dependent upon the consummation of the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Subscription Agreement); and

(iv) the
Company certifies that it is in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 3(f) of the Supplement to the LSA.

(b) The
obligation of the Company to consummate the issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Subscription Agreement shall be subject to
the condition that all representations and warranties of Investor contained in this Subscription Agreement are true and correct in all
material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect (as defined
in Section 5(d) herein), which representations and warranties shall be true in all respects) at and as of the Closing Date,
and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by Investor of each of the representations and warranties of Investor
contained in this Subscription Agreement as of the Closing Date.

(c) The
obligation of Investor to consummate the purchase of the Shares pursuant to this Subscription Agreement shall be subject to the condition
that all representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Subscription Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect (as defined herein),
which representations and warranties shall be true in all respects) at and as of the Closing Date, and consummation of the Closing shall
constitute a reaffirmation by the Company of each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Subscription
Agreement as of the Closing Date.

4. Further
Assurances. The parties hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional actions as the parties
reasonably may deem to be practical and necessary in order to consummate the subscription as contemplated by this Subscription Agreement.

5. Company
Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to Investor that:

(a) The
Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company
has all corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as presently conducted and to
enter into, deliver and perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement.

(b) As
of the Closing Date, the Shares will be duly authorized and, when issued and delivered to Investor in accordance with the terms of this
Subscription Agreement and the LSA, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will not have been issued in
violation of or subject to any preemptive or similar rights created under the Companys certificate of incorporation (as amended
to the Closing Date) or under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

2 

(c) This
Subscription Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming that this Subscription Agreement
constitutes the valid and binding agreement of Investor, this Subscription Agreement is enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except as may be limited or otherwise affected by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, or (ii) principles of equity, whether considered
at law or equity.

(d) The
issuance and sale of the Shares and the compliance by the Company with all of the provisions of this Subscription Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms
or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any
of the property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of (i) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or to which any of
the property or assets of the Company is subject that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole (a Material Adverse
Effect) or materially affect the validity of the Shares or the legal authority of the Company to comply in all material
respects with the terms of this Subscription Agreement (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the
organizational documents of the Company or (iii) result in any violation of any statute or any judgment, order,
rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or
any of their properties that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or materially affect the validity of the
Shares or the legal authority of the Company to comply in all material respects with this Subscription Agreement.

6. Investor
Representations and Warranties. Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) The
Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and to enter into, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement.

(b) The
Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made (if
an entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name on the signature page hereto, except as otherwise
communicated by the Investor to the Company.

3 

(c) Investor
(i) is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act)) or an institutional accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under
the Securities Act), in each case, satisfying the applicable requirements set forth on Schedule A, (ii) is acquiring
the Shares only for its own account and not for the account of others, and (iii) is not acquiring the Shares with a view to, or
for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act (and shall provide the requested information
set forth on Schedule A). Investor is not an entity formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Shares and is an institutional
account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c).

(d) Investor
acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the
Securities Act and that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act. Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Shares
may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by Investor absent an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act except (i) to the Company or a subsidiary thereof, (ii) to non-U.S. persons pursuant to offers and sales
that occur outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (iii) pursuant to another applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws
of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions, and that any certificates representing the Shares shall contain a restrictive
legend to such effect. Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Shares will be subject to transfer restrictions and, as a result of
these transfer restrictions, Investor may not be able to readily offer, resell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the Shares
and may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time. Investor acknowledges
and agrees that the Shares will not be eligible for offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act until at least six months from the Closing Date. Investor acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to
consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Shares.

(e) Investor
acknowledges that there have been no representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made to Investor by or on behalf of the Company,
any of its affiliates or any control persons, officers, directors, employees, partners, agents or representatives of any of the foregoing
or any other person or entity, expressly or by implication, other than those representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of
the Company expressly set forth in Section 5 of this Subscription Agreement.

(f) Investors
acquisition and holding of the Shares will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any
applicable similar law.

(g) Investor
acknowledges and agrees that Investor has received such information as Investor deems necessary in order to make an investment decision
with respect to the Shares, including, with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Investor
acknowledges that it has reviewed the Companys filings with the SEC. Investor acknowledges and agrees that Investor and
Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have had the full opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain
such information as Investor and such Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision
with respect to the Shares.

4 

(h) Investor
became aware of this offering of the Shares solely by means of direct contact between Investor and the Company or a representative of
the Company, and the Shares were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor and the Company or a representative of
the Company. Investor acknowledges that the Shares (i) were not offered by any form of general solicitation or general advertising
and (ii) are not being offered in a manner involving a public offering under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities
Act, or any state securities laws. Investor acknowledges that it is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any statement, representation
or warranty made by any person, firm or corporation (including, without limitation, the Company, any of its affiliates or any control
persons, officers, directors, employees, partners, agents or representatives of any of the foregoing), other than the representations
and warranties of the Company contained in Section 5 of this Subscription Agreement, in making its investment or decision to invest
in the Company.

(i) Investor
acknowledges that it is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Shares, including those
set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares, and Investor has sought such accounting, legal
and tax advice as Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. Investor is able to sustain a complete
loss on its investment in the Shares, has no need for liquidity with respect to its investment in the Shares and has no reason to
anticipate any change in circumstances, financial or otherwise, which may cause or require any sale or distribution of all or any
part of the Shares.

(j) Alone,
or together with any professional advisor(s), Investor has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in
the Shares and determined that the Shares are a suitable investment for Investor and that Investor is able at this time and in

the foreseeable future to bear the economic risk of a total loss of
Investors investment in the Company. Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

(k) In
making its decision to purchase the Shares, Investor has relied solely upon independent investigation made by Investor.

(l) Investor
acknowledges and agrees that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares or made any
findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

(m) The
execution, delivery and performance by Investor of this Subscription Agreement are within the powers of Investor, have been duly authorized
and will not constitute or result in a breach or default under or conflict with any order, ruling or regulation of any court or other
tribunal or of any governmental commission or agency, or any agreement or other undertaking, to which Investor is a party or by which
Investor is bound, and will not violate any provisions of Investors organizational documents, including, without limitation, its
incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable. The signature
on this Subscription Agreement is genuine, and the signatory has legal competence and capacity to execute the same or the signatory has
been duly authorized to execute the same, and this Subscription Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Investor,
enforceable against Investor in accordance with its terms except as may be limited or otherwise affected by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, and (ii) principles
of equity, whether considered at law or equity.

5 

(n)
Investor is not (i) a person or entity named on the
List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by the U.S. Treasury Departments Office of
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) or in any Executive Order issued by the President of the United States and administered
by OFAC (OFAC List), or a person or entity prohibited by any OFAC sanctions program, (ii) a Designated National
as defined in the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 515, or (iii) a non-U.S. shell bank or providing banking
services indirectly to a non-U.S. shell bank (each, a Prohibited Investor). Investor agrees to provide law enforcement
agencies, if requested thereby, such records as required by applicable law, provided that Investor is permitted to do so under
applicable law. If Investor is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.) (the
BSA), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the PATRIOT Act), and its implementing regulations (collectively,
the BSA/PATRIOT Act), Investor maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable
obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. To the extent required, it maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed for the screening
of its investors against the OFAC sanctions programs, including the OFAC List. To the extent required by applicable law, Investor
maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the funds held by Investor and used to purchase the Shares were
legally derived and were not obtained, directly or indirectly, from a Prohibited Investor.

(o) In
connection with the issue and purchase of the Shares, no person, firm or corporation has acted as Investors financial advisor or
fiduciary.

7. Termination.
This Subscription Agreement shall terminate and be void and of no further force and effect, and all rights and obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate if any of the conditions to Closing set forth in Section 3 of this Subscription Agreement are (i) not
satisfied or waived prior to the Closing (and if the failure to so satisfy such condition is capable of being cured prior to the Closing,
such failure shall not have been cured by the thirtieth calendar day following receipt of written notice from the party claiming such
condition has not been satisfied) or (ii) not capable of being satisfied on the Closing and, in each case of (i) and (ii), as
a result thereof, the transactions contemplated by this Subscription Agreement will not be and are not consummated at the Closing (collectively,
the Termination Events) provided that nothing herein will relieve any party from liability for any willful
breach hereof prior to the time of termination, and each party will be entitled to any remedies at law or in equity to recover losses,
liabilities or damages arising from any such willful breach. Upon the occurrence of any Termination Event, this Subscription Agreement
shall be void and of no further effect and any monies paid by Investor to the Company in connection herewith shall promptly (and in any
event within one business day) following the Termination Event be returned to Investor, which obligation to return such monies and remedies
for losses, liabilities and damages arising from willful breach shall survive termination of this Subscription Agreement.

6 

8. Registration
Rights. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) within 90 days of the Closing Date a registration statement on Form S-3, or such successor form promulgated
by the SEC, registering the resale of the Shares, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon Conversion Right in Section 3(d) of
the Supplement to the LSA (collectively, the Registrable Securities) (as amended from time to time, the Registration
Statement), subject to applicable limitations on the amount of Registrable Securities that may be registered for resale on
the Registration Statement by the Investors without being deemed a primary offering by or on behalf of the Company under applicable guidelines
of the SEC. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Registration Statement is declared effective within
150 days following the Closing Date (or, if the SEC notifies the Company that it does not intend to review the Registration Statement,
120 days following the Closing Date). The Company will agree to make such filings as are necessary to keep the Registration Statement
effective until the earliest of (i) such time as all Registrable Securities held by the Investors and registered under the Registration
Statement have been sold; (ii) the date on which the Investors may sell such Registrable Securities without restriction under Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the SEC) (but with no volume or other restrictions
or limitations including as to manner or timing of sale or current public information requirements). Upon the Registration Statement
becoming declared effective by the SEC, (i) the Company will promptly notify the Investors of the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, and (ii) if after the date the Registration Statement is declared effective, the Investors seek to sell the Registrable
Securities, the Company shall take all actions reasonably necessary to allow, and shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the
Companys transfer agent and counsel facilitate the sale or transfer of the subject Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration
Statement.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Neither
this Subscription Agreement nor any rights that may accrue to Investor hereunder (other than the Shares acquired hereunder, if any) may
be transferred or assigned.

(b) Investor
acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Subscription Agreement with the SEC as an exhibit to a periodic report or a registration
statement of the Company and disclose all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and LSA and any other agreements related
hereto and thereto.

(c) Investor
acknowledges that the Company and others will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties
contained in this Subscription Agreement. Prior to the Closing, Investor agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the acknowledgments,
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 6 above are no longer accurate. Investor acknowledges
and agrees that each purchase by Investor of Shares from the Company will constitute a reaffirmation of the acknowledgments, understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties herein (as modified by any such notice) by Investor as of the time of such purchase.

(d) The
Company is entitled to rely upon this Subscription Agreement and is irrevocably authorized to produce this Subscription Agreement or a
copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered
hereby.

7 

(e) All
of the agreements, representations and warranties made by each party hereto in this Subscription Agreement shall survive the Closing.

(f) This
Subscription Agreement may not be modified, waived or terminated (other than pursuant to the terms of Section 8 above) except by
an instrument in writing, signed by each of the parties hereto. No failure or delay of either party in exercising any right or remedy
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or
discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights
or remedies that they would otherwise have hereunder.

(g) This
Subscription Agreement (including the schedule hereto) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings,
representations and warranties, both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except as set forth
in Section 7, Section 9(c), Section 9(d), Section 9(f), this Section 9(g), and the last sentence of Section 9(k) with
respect to the persons specifically referenced therein, this Subscription Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person
other than the parties hereto, and their respective successor and assigns, and the parties hereto acknowledge that such persons so referenced
are third party beneficiaries of this Subscription Agreement for the purposes of, and to the extent of, the rights granted to them, if
any, pursuant to the applicable provisions.

(h) Except
as otherwise provided herein, this Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives, and permitted assigns, and the agreements, representations,
warranties, covenants and acknowledgments contained herein shall be deemed to be made by, and be binding upon, such heirs, executors,
administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.

(i) If
any provision of this Subscription Agreement shall be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Subscription Agreement shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby and shall continue in full force and effect.

(j) This
Subscription Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic mail or in .pdf) and by different
parties in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document. All counterparts so executed
and delivered shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same agreement; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature
including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due
execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile
or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

8 

(k) The
parties hereto acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Subscription
Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Subscription Agreement, without posting a bond or undertaking
and without proof of damages, to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Subscription Agreement, this being in addition
to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law, in equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise.

(l) This
Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof) as to all matters (including any action, suit, litigation,
arbitration, mediation, claim, charge, complaint, inquiry, proceeding, hearing, audit, investigation or reviews by or before any governmental
entity related hereto), including matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies.

(m) Any
action, suit or proceeding between or among the parties hereto, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, arising in connection
with any disagreement, dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement or any related document
or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (Legal Dispute) shall be brought only to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware or the federal courts located in the State of Delaware, and each party hereto hereby
consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding
and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the
venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding that is brought in any such
court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. During the period a Legal Dispute that is filed in accordance with this Section 9(m) is
pending before a court, all actions, suits or proceedings with respect to such Legal Dispute or any other Legal Dispute, including any
counterclaim, cross- claim or interpleader, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. A final judgment in any action,
suit or proceeding described in this Section 9(m) following the expiration of any period permitted for appeal and subject to
any stay during appeal shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by applicable laws. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY CLAIMS
OR COUNTERCLAIMS ASSERTED IN ANY LEGAL DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND FOR
ANY COUNTERCLAIM RELATING THERETO. IF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF ANY SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE IS ONE IN WHICH THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL IS PROHIBITED,
NO PARTY HERETO NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY SHALL ASSERT IN SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE A NONCOMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. FURTHERMORE, NO PARTY HERETO NOR ANY
PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY SHALL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE WITH A SEPARATE ACTION OR OTHER
LEGAL PROCEEDING IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE WAIVED.

9 

(n) This
Subscription Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision of this Subscription Agreement has been
subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor has executed or caused this Subscription Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative
as of the date set forth below.

Name of Investor: State/Country of Formation or Domicile:

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P. Delaware

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities Partners, LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ Sonia Gardner 

Name: Sonia Gardner 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

Date: 

Name in which Shares are to be registered (if different):

Investors EIN: [***]

Business Address-Street: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th
Floor

City, State, Zip: New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Telephone No.: [***]

Email[***]

For notices, with copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[]

Attn: []

Email: []

Number of Shares: 211,268

Signature
Page to Subscription Agreement

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor has executed or caused this Subscription Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative
as of the date set forth below.

Name of Investor: State/Country of
Formation or Domicile:

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P. Delaware

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities
Partners II, LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ Sonia Gardner 

Name: Sonia Gardner 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

Date: 

Name in which Shares are to be registered (if different):

Investors EIN: [***]

Business Address-Street: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th
Floor

City, State, Zip: New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Telephone No.: [***]

Email: [***]

For notices, with copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[]

Attn: []

Email: []

Number of Shares: 845,070

Signature
Page to Subscription Agreement

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has accepted this Subscription Agreement as of the date set forth below.

OCUGEN, INC.

By: /s/ Shankar Musunuri

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Date:

Signature Page to Subscription Agreement

SCHEDULE A

ELIGIBILITY REPRESENTATIONS OF INVESTOR

A. QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER STATUS

(Please check the applicable subparagraphs):

We
are a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a QIB)).

B. INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS

(Please check the applicable subparagraphs):

1. We are an accredited investor (within the meaning of
Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act or an entity in which all of the equity holders are accredited investors within the
meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act), and have marked and initialed the appropriate box below indicating the
provision under which we qualify as an accredited investor.

2. We are not a natural person.

Rule 501(a), in relevant part, states that an accredited
investor shall mean any person who comes within any of the below listed categories, or who the issuer reasonably believes comes
within any of the below listed categories, at the time of the sale of the securities to that person. Investor has indicated, by marking
and initialing the appropriate box below, the provision(s) below which apply to Investor and under which Investor accordingly qualifies
as an accredited investor.

Any bank, registered broker or dealer, insurance company, registered
investment company, business development company, or small business investment company

Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political
subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions for the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000

Any
employee benefit plan, within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if a bank, insurance company, or registered
investment adviser makes the investment decisions, or if the plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000

Any organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, similar business trust, or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the
securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000

Any trust with assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed
for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person

Schedule A Page 1

Any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a); or

Any natural person who (i) has an individual net worth,
or joint net worth with their spouse or equivalent, in excess of $1,000,000, (ii) had an individual income in excess of $200,000
in each of the two most recent years, or (iii) had joint income with their spouse or equivalent in excess of $300,000 in each of
the two most recent years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year.

This page should be completed by Investor

and constitutes a part of the Subscription
Agreement.

Schedule A Page 2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255898d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [***], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
PURSUANT TO REGULATION S-K, ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv). SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION IS NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS
AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

Dated as of November 6, 2024

among

OCUGEN, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

(Parent),

OCUGEN OPCO, INC.,

a Delaware corporation,

(Opco and together with
Parent, jointly and severally, individually and collectively, Borrower),

and

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership

as administrative agent and collateral agent
(in such capacity Agent)

and

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership, (Avenue
2) 

as a lender

and

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership (Avenue)

as a lender (in such capacity, with Avenue 2,
a Lender and collectively, the Lenders)

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

Borrower, Lenders
and Agent have entered or anticipate entering into one or more transactions pursuant to which each Lender agrees to make available to
Borrower a loan facility governed by the terms and conditions set forth in this document and one or more Supplements executed by Borrower,
Lenders and Agent which incorporate this document by reference. Each Supplement constitutes a supplement to and forms part of this document,
and will be read and construed as one with this document, so that this document and the Supplement constitute a single agreement between
the parties (collectively referred to as this Agreement). Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1 - INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in Article 10 and in the Supplement will have the meanings therein specified for purposes of this Agreement.

1.2 Inconsistency.
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Supplement and this document, the provisions of the Supplement will
be controlling for the purpose of all relevant transactions.

ARTICLE 2 - THE
COMMITMENT AND LOANS

2.1 The
Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender agrees to make term loans to Borrower from time to
time from the Closing Date and to and including the Termination Date in an aggregate original principal amount not exceeding the Commitment.
The Commitment is not a revolving credit commitment, and Borrower does not have the right to repay and reborrow hereunder. The aggregate
Loans requested by Borrower to be made on a single Business Day shall be for a minimum principal amount set forth in the Supplement, except
to the extent the remaining Commitment is a lesser amount.

2.2 Notes
Evidencing Loans; Repayment. Each Loan shall be evidenced by a separate Note payable to the order of each Lender of such Loan, in
the total principal amount of the Loan. Principal and interest of each Loan shall be payable at the times and in the manner set forth
in the Note and regularly scheduled payments thereof shall be effected by automatic debit of the appropriate funds from Borrowers
Primary Operating Account as specified in the Supplement hereto. Repayment of the Loans and payment of all other amounts owed to each
Lender will be paid by Borrower in the currency in which the same has been provided (i.e., United States Dollars).

2.3 Procedures for Borrowing.

(a) At
least five (5) Business Days prior to a proposed Borrowing Date (or such lesser period of time as may be agreed upon by the Required
Lenders in their sole discretion), Lender shall have received from Borrower a written request for a borrowing hereunder (a Borrowing
Request). Each Borrowing Request shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit B to the Supplement,
shall be executed by a responsible executive or financial officer of Borrower, and shall state how much is requested, and shall be accompanied
by such other information and documentation as any Lender may reasonably request, including the executed Note(s) for the Loan(s) covered
by the corresponding Borrowing Request.

(b) No
later than 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the Borrowing Date, if Borrower has satisfied the conditions precedent in Article 4 by
9:00 a.m. Pacific Time on such Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make its Loan available to Borrower in immediately available funds.

2.4 Interest.
Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Note and/or Supplement, Basic Interest on the outstanding principal balance of each Loan
shall accrue daily at the Designated Rate from the Borrowing Date. If the outstanding principal balance of such Loan is not paid at maturity,
interest shall accrue at the Default Rate until such outstanding principal balance of such Loan is paid in full, as further set forth
herein.

2.5
Intentionally Omitted.

2.6 Interest
Rate Calculation. Basic Interest, along with charges and fees under this Agreement and any Loan Document, shall be calculated
for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year, which results in higher interest, charge or fee payments than if a 365-day
year were used. In no event shall Borrower be obligated to any pay Lender interest, charges or fees at a rate in excess of the
highest rate permitted by applicable law from time to time in effect.

2.7 Default
Interest. Any unpaid payments in respect of the Obligations shall bear interest from their respective maturities, whether scheduled
or accelerated, at the Default Rate, compounded monthly. Borrower shall pay such interest on demand.

2.8 Late
Charges. If Borrower is late in making any scheduled payment in respect of the Obligations by more than five (5) days, then Borrower
agrees to pay a late charge of five percent (5%) of the payment due, but not less than fifty dollars ($50.00) for any one such delinquent
payment. This late charge shall be charged by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, for the purpose of defraying the expenses
incidental to the handling of such delinquent amounts. Borrower acknowledges that such late charge represents a reasonable sum considering
all of the circumstances existing on the date of this Agreement and represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs that will be
sustained by Lenders due to the failure of Borrower to make timely payments. Borrower further agrees that proof of actual damages would
be costly and inconvenient. Such late charge shall be paid without prejudice to the right of Lenders and Agent to collect any other amounts
provided to be paid or to declare a default under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or from exercising any other rights
and remedies of Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders.

2.9 Lenders
Records. Principal, Basic Interest and all other sums owed under any Loan Document shall be evidenced by entries in records maintained
by each Lender for such purpose. Each payment on and any other credits with respect to principal, Basic Interest and all other sums outstanding
under any Loan Document shall be evidenced by entries in such records. Lender shall furnish a copy of such records to Borrower as Borrower
reasonably requests. Absent manifest or demonstrable error, each Lenders records shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

2.10 Grant
of Security Interests; Filing of Financing Statements.

(a) To
secure the timely payment and performance of all of Borrowers Obligations, Borrower hereby grants to Agent, for the ratable
benefit of the Lenders, continuing security interests in all of the Collateral. In connection with the foregoing, Borrower
authorizes Agent to prepare and file any financing statements describing the Collateral without otherwise obtaining Borrowers
signature or consent with respect to the filing of such financing statements. Such financing statements may indicate the Collateral
as all assets of the Debtor or words of similar effect.

(b) In
furtherance of Borrowers grant of the security interests in the Collateral pursuant to Section 2.10(a) above, Borrower
hereby pledges and grants to Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, a security interest in all the Shares, together with all proceeds
and substitutions thereof, all cash, stock and other moneys and property paid thereon, all rights to subscribe for securities declared
or granted in connection therewith, and all other cash and noncash proceeds of the foregoing, in each case, to the extent constituting
Collateral, as security for the performance of the Obligations. On the Closing Date or at any time thereafter following Agents
request, the certificate or certificates for the Shares, if any, will be delivered to the Agent, accompanied by an instrument of assignment
duly executed in blank by Borrower, unless such Shares have not been certificated or constitute Excluded Property. To the extent required
by the terms and conditions governing the Shares, Borrower shall cause the books of each Subsidiary whose Shares are part of the Collateral
and any transfer agent to reflect the pledge of the Shares. Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
and upon written notice from Agent of exercise of remedies hereunder, Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, may effect the
transfer of any securities included in the Collateral (including but not limited to the Shares) into the name of Agent and cause new certificates
representing such securities to be issued in the name of Agent or its transferee(s). Borrower will execute and deliver such documents,
and take or cause to be taken such actions, as Agent may reasonably request to perfect or continue the perfection of Agents security
interest in the Shares. Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and Agent shall have delivered written notice
to Borrower of Agents intention to suspend such rights, Borrower shall be entitled to exercise any voting rights with respect to
the Shares and to give consents, waivers and ratifications in respect thereof, provided that no vote shall be cast or consent, waiver
or ratification given or action taken which would constitute a violation of any of the terms of this Agreement. All such rights to vote
and give consents, waivers and ratifications shall terminate upon Agents, at the direction of the Required Lenders, written notice
to Borrower of Agents intent to exercise its rights and remedies under this Agreement, including this Section 2.10(b), in
each case to the extent an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

2

(c) Borrower
is and shall remain absolutely and unconditionally liable for the performance of its Obligations, including, without limitation, any deficiency
by reason of the failure of the Collateral to satisfy all amounts due to each Lender under any of the Loan Documents.

(d) All
Collateral pledged by Borrower under this Agreement and any Supplement shall secure the timely payment and performance of all Obligations
when due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Except in connection with dispositions permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise
as expressly provided in this Agreement (in which case the Lien on the Collateral so transferred shall be automatically deemed released),
no Collateral pledged under this Agreement or any Supplement shall be released until such time as all Obligations have been satisfied
and paid in full (other than inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations or other obligations which, by their terms, survive termination
of this Agreement).

(e) Other
than with respect to Permitted Liens, Borrower shall not grant any Person a security interest in its Intellectual Property or otherwise
encumber any of its Intellectual Property.

ARTICLE 3 -
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower represents
and warrants that, except as set forth in the Supplement or the Schedule of Exceptions hereto, if any, as of the Closing Date and each
Borrowing Date:

3.1 Due
Organization. Borrower is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation, and is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its business
is conducted or its properties are located, except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

3.2 Authorization, Validity and Enforceability. The execution, delivery and
performance of all Loan Documents executed by Borrower are within Borrowers powers, have been duly authorized, and are not in
conflict with Borrowers certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or the terms of any charter or other organizational document
of Borrower, as amended from time to time; and all such Loan Documents constitute valid and binding obligations of Borrower,
enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights in general, and subject to general principles of equity).

3.3 Compliance
with Applicable Laws. Borrower has complied with all licensing, permit and fictitious name requirements necessary to lawfully conduct
the business in which it is engaged, and to any sales, leases or the furnishing of services by Borrower, including without limitation
those requiring consumer or other disclosures, the noncompliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.4 No
Conflict. The execution, delivery, and performance by Borrower of all Loan Documents are not in conflict with any law, rule, regulation,
order or directive, or any indenture, agreement, or undertaking to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound or affected.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Equity Grant does not violate any material agreement or instrument by which Borrower
is bound or require the consent of any holders of Borrowers securities other than consents which have been obtained prior to the
Closing Date.

3.5 No
Litigation, Claims or Proceedings. There is no litigation, tax claim, proceeding or dispute pending, or, to the knowledge of Borrower,
threatened in writing against or affecting Borrower, its property or the conduct of its business which, if adversely determined, could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.6 Correctness
of Financial Statements. Borrowers financial statements which have been delivered to Lender fairly and accurately, in all material
respects, reflect Borrowers financial condition in accordance with GAAP as of the latest date of such financial statements, subject
to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments (in the case of interim monthly financial statements); and, since December 31,
2023 there has been no Material Adverse Change.

3.7 No
Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, Parent is not a majority owner of or in a control relationship with any other business entity,
except for Opco, Histogenics, Ocugen Ireland, Ocugen India, and Vaccigen.

3.8 Environmental
Matters. To its knowledge, Borrower is in compliance with Environmental Laws applicable to its business, except to the extent a failure
to be in such compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3

3.9 No
Event of Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

3.10 Full
Disclosure. None of the representations or warranties made by Borrower in the Loan Documents as of
the date such representations and warranties are made or deemed made, and none of the written statements contained in any exhibit, report,
statement or certificate furnished by or on behalf of Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents (including disclosure materials delivered
by or on behalf of Borrower to Lenders prior to the Closing Date or pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof, but excluding in all cases projections,
forecast and other forward- looking information), taken as a whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not materially misleading as of the time when made or delivered. It is understood and acknowledged by Agent and Lenders that projections,
forecasts and other forward-looking information delivered by or on behalf of Borrower in good faith upon reasonable assumptions shall
not be viewed as facts and that actual results may vary materially from such projections and forecasts.

3.11 Specific
Representations Regarding Collateral.

(a) Title.
Except for the security interests created by this Agreement and Permitted Liens, (i) Borrower is and will be the legal and beneficial
owner of or has valid rights to, as applicable, the Collateral, and (ii) the Collateral is genuine and subject to no Liens. There
exist no prior collateral assignments or encumbrances of record with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or U.S. Copyright Office affecting
any Collateral in favor of any third party, other than Permitted Liens.

(b) Rights
to Payment. The names of the obligors, amount owing to Borrower, due dates and all other information with respect to the Rights to
Payment are and will be correctly stated in all material respects in all Records relating to the Rights to Payment. Borrower further represents
and warrants, to its knowledge, that each Person appearing to be obligated on a Right to Payment has authority and capacity to contract
and is bound as it appears to be.

(c) Location
of Collateral. As of the Closing Date, Borrowers chief executive office, Inventory (other than Inventory in transit) with
a value in excess of [***] Dollars ($[***]), Records, Equipment (other than mobile equipment in the possession of Borrowers employees
or agents) with a value in excess of [***] Dollars ($[***]), and any other offices or places of business are located at the address(es)
shown on the Supplement.

(d) Business
Names. Other than its full corporate name, as of the Closing Date, Borrower has not conducted business in the past five (5) years
using any trade names or fictitious business names except as shown on the Supplement.

3.12 Copyrights,
Patents, Trademarks and Licenses.

(a) Borrower
owns or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use all of the patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, contractual
franchises, authorizations and other similar rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of its business as currently being
conducted, without known conflict with the rights of any other Person, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) To
Borrowers knowledge, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed,
or now contemplated to be employed, by Borrower infringes upon any rights held by any other Person if the consequence thereof could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) No
claim or litigation involving Borrower or any Subsidiary regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to Borrowers knowledge,
threatened in writing, and, to Borrowers knowledge, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule,
regulation, standard or code is pending or proposed which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4

3.13 Regulatory
Compliance. To the extent applicable to Borrower, Borrower has met the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to any
employee benefit plans subject to ERISA. No event has occurred resulting from Borrowers failure to comply with ERISA that is
reasonably likely to result in Borrowers incurring any liability that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Borrower is not required to be registered as an investment company or a company controlled by an
investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Borrower is not engaged principally, or
as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock
(within the meaning of Regulations T and U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). Borrower has complied in all
material respects with all the applicable provisions of the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act.

3.14 Shares.
Borrower has full power and authority to create a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens that are permitted pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement to have, or that by operation of law have, superior priority) on the Shares and no disability or contractual
obligation exists that would prohibit Borrower from pledging the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. To Borrowers knowledge, there
are no subscriptions, warrants, rights of first refusal or other restrictions on transfer relative to, or options exercisable with respect
to the Shares. The Shares have been and will be duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable. To Borrowers
knowledge, the Shares are not the subject of any suit, action, arbitration, administrative or other proceeding (present or threatened
in writing).

3.15 Compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws. Borrower has not taken any action that would cause a material violation of any applicable anti-corruption
law, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and all other applicable anti-corruption
laws. Borrower, and to its knowledge, its employees, agents and representatives have not, directly or indirectly, offered, paid, given,
promised or authorized the payment of any money, gift or anything of value to any person acting in an official capacity for any government
department, agency or instrumentality, including state-owned or controlled companies or entities, and public international organizations,
as well as a political party or official thereof or candidate for political office in violation of applicable law. None of Borrowers
principals or staff are officers, employees or representatives of governments, government agencies, or government-owned or controlled
enterprises.

3.16 Survival.
The representations and warranties of Borrower as set forth in this Agreement survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 4 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

4.1 Conditions
to First Loan. The obligation of each Lender to make its first Loan hereunder is, in addition to the conditions precedent specified
in Section 4.2 and in any Supplement, subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions and to the receipt by Lenders of the
documents described below, duly executed and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each Lender:

(a) Resolutions.
A certified copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Borrower authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by
each Borrower of the Loan Documents.

(b) Incumbency
and Signatures. A certificate of the secretary of each Borrower certifying the names of the officer or officers of each Borrower authorized
to sign the Loan Documents, together with a sample of the true signature of each such officer.

(c) Legal
Opinion. The opinion of legal counsel for Borrower as to such customary matters as Agent may reasonably request, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

(d) Charter
Documents. Copies of the organizational and charter documents of Borrower (e.g., Articles or Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws),
as amended through the Closing Date, certified by an officer of Borrower as being true, correct and complete.

(e) This
Agreement. Counterparts of this Agreement and the initial Supplement, with all schedules completed and attached thereto.

(f) Financing
Statements. Filing copies (or other evidence of filing satisfactory to Agent) of such UCC financing statements, and termination statements,
with respect to the Collateral as Agent shall reasonably request.

(g) [Reserved].

(h) Lien
Searches. UCC lien, judgment, bankruptcy and tax lien searches of Borrower from such jurisdictions or offices as Lender may reasonably
request, all as of a recent date.

(i) Good
Standing Certificate. A certificate of status or good standing of Borrower as of a date acceptable to Lender from the
jurisdiction of Borrowers organization and any foreign jurisdictions where Borrower is qualified to do business except where
the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5

(j) Equity
Grant. Duly executed documentation issued by Parent to each Lender effectuating the Equity Grant.

(k) Insurance
Certificates. Insurance certificates with respect to property insurance showing Agent as loss payee or and with respect to general
liability insurance showing Agent as additional insured.

(l) Subordination
Agreement. A subordination agreement duly executed by [***].

(m) Account
Control Agreements. Duly executed Account Control Agreements with respect to any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity
Account of Borrower (other than any Excluded Accounts).

(n) Side
Letter. The duly executed Side Letter.

(o) Other
Documents. Such other documents and instruments as Agent or Lenders may reasonably request to effectuate the intents and purposes
of this Agreement.

4.2 Conditions
to All Loans. The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Loan and each subsequent Loan is subject to the following further
conditions precedent that:

(a) No
Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will immediately result from the making of any such Loan,
and the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in Article 3 of this Agreement and Part 3 of the Supplement are
true and correct in all material respects as of the Borrowing Date of such Loan, except as set forth in the Schedule of Exceptions hereto,
in each case, except to the extent such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date.

(b) No
Material Adverse Change. No event has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

(c) Borrowing
Request. Borrower shall have delivered to Agent a Borrowing Request for the Loans.

(d) Note.
Borrower shall have delivered an executed Note to each Lender evidencing the Loan made by such Lender, substantially in the form attached
to the Supplement as an exhibit.

(e) Supplemental
Lien Filings. Borrower shall have executed and delivered such amendments or supplements to this Agreement and additional Security
Documents, financing statements and third party waivers as Agent may reasonably request in connection with the proposed Loan (prior to
the funding thereof), in order to create, protect or perfect or to maintain the perfection of Agents Liens on the Collateral.

(f) [Reserved].

(g) Borrower
shall have delivered to Agent Borrowers business plan and/or financial projections or forecasts as most recently approved by Borrowers
Board of Directors.

ARTICLE 5 - AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

During the term
of this Agreement and until its performance of all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations or other obligations
which, by their terms, survive termination of this Agreement), Borrower will:

5.1 Notice
to Lenders. Promptly give written notice to Agent of:

(a) Any
litigation or administrative or regulatory proceeding affecting Borrower where the amount claimed against Borrower is [***] Dollars ($[***])
or more, or where the granting of the relief requested could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or of the acquisition
by Borrower of any commercial tort claim where the amount claimed by Borrower exceeds [***]Dollars ($[***]), including brief details of
such claim and such other information as Agent may reasonably request to enable Agent to better perfect its Lien in such commercial tort
claim as Collateral.

(b) Any
substantial dispute which may exist between Borrower and any governmental or regulatory authority which could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) The
occurrence of any Event of Default or, to Borrowers knowledge, any Default.

6

(d) Any
change in the location of any of Borrowers places of business or Collateral (other than mobile Equipment in the possession of Borrowers
employees or agents or inventory in transit) with a value in excess of [***]Dollars ($[***]) at least ten (10) Business Days in advance
of such change, or of the establishment of any new, or the discontinuance of any existing, place of business.

(e) Any
dispute or default by Borrower or any other party under any joint venture, partnering, distribution, cross-licensing, strategic alliance,
collaborative research or manufacturing, license or similar agreement which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Any
other matter which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(g) Any
Subsidiary Borrower to acquires or creates (or that Borrowers Board resolves to intend to acquire or create).

5.2 Financial
Statements. Deliver to Agent or cause to be delivered to Agent (it being understood that, with respect to such financial statements
as are filed by Borrower with the SEC, the form and detail thereof shall be deemed satisfactory), in form and detail satisfactory to Agent
the following financial and other information, which Borrower warrants shall be accurate and complete in all material respects:

(a) Monthly
Financial Statements. As soon as available but no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each month, Borrowers unaudited
balance sheet as of the end of such period, and Borrowers unaudited income statement and cash flow statement for such period and
for that portion of Borrowers financial reporting year ending with such period, prepared in accordance with GAAP and attested by
a responsible financial officer of Borrower as being complete and correct in all material respects and fairly presenting Borrowers
financial condition and the results of Borrowers operations as of the date(s) and for the period(s) covered thereby.

(b) Year-End
Financial Statements. No later than ninety (90) days after the end of each financial reporting year of Borrower, a complete copy
of Borrowers audit report, which shall include balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in equity and statement of
cash flows for such year, prepared in accordance with GAAP and certified by any Big Four accounting firm or any other independent
certified public accountant selected by Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to Lender (the Accountant).
The Accountants certification shall not be qualified (other than for an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness occurring within
one (1) year from the time such report is delivered) or limited due to a restricted or limited examination by the Accountant of
any material portion of Borrowers records. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Borrowers Board of Directors does not require
Borrowers financial statements to be audited for a particular reporting year, then Borrower shall deliver to Lender unaudited
financial statements for such fiscal year of the type otherwise described in (other than the Accountants certification), and in
the timeframe specified in, this Section 5.2(b).

(c) Compliance
Certificates. Simultaneously with the delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in Sections 5.2(a)(1) and, as
applicable, 5.2(b) above, a certificate of the chief financial officer of Borrower (or other executive officer) substantially in
the form of Exhibit C to the Supplement (a Compliance Certificate) stating, among
other things, whether any Default or Event of Default exists on the date of such certificate, and if so, setting forth the details thereof
and the action which Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

(d) Government
Required Reports. Promptly after Borrowers sending, issuing, making available, or filing, copies of all reports, proxy statements,
and financial statements that Borrower sends or makes available generally to its stockholders, and, not later than five (5) Business
Days after actual filing or the date such filing was first due, all registration statements and reports that Borrower files or is required
to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other governmental or regulatory authority having similar authority; provided
that Borrowers obligations pursuant to this Section 5.2(d) shall be subject to applicable laws, regulations and agreements
by which Borrower is bound including, without limitation, securities laws and nondisclosure agreements.

7

(e) Other
Information. Such other statements, lists of property and accounts, budgets (as updated), sales projections, forecasts, reports,
409A valuation reports (as updated), operating plans, financial exhibits, capitalization tables (as updated) and information
relating to equity and debt financings consummated after the Closing Date (including post- closing capitalization table(s)), or
other information as any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such information may be
redacted (or withheld) to the extent that (i) Borrower determines in good faith that such redaction is reasonably necessary to
preserve the attorney-client privilege; (ii) to protect highly confidential proprietary information; or (iii) such
redacted material relates to Borrowers strategy regarding the Loans or Agent and/or Lenders or to matters of conflict of
interest to or any Lender. Lender acknowledges and agrees that any projections, forecasts, strategic plans or other forward looking
information that may be provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that
actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections, forecasts, strategic plans or other forward looking
information may differ materially from the projected or forecasted results.

(f) Board
Packages. In addition to the information described in Section 5.2(e), Borrower will promptly provide Lenders with copies of all
minutes, consents and other material documentation distributed in anticipation of meetings, financial or otherwise, which Borrower provides
to its Board of Directors (collectively, Board Packages); provided, however, that Borrower need not
provide Lender with copies of routine Board actions, such as option and stock grants under Borrowers equity incentive plan in the
normal course of business; and provided, further, however, that such Board Packages may be redacted to the extent
that (i) such redaction is reasonably necessary to preserve the attorney-client privilege, to protect highly confidential proprietary
information, or for other similar reasons, (ii) such redacted material relates to any Lender (or Borrowers strategy regarding
the Loans or any Lender), or (iii) disclosure of such redacted material is prohibited by applicable law or binding agreement.

5.3 [Reserved].

5.4 Existence.
Maintain and preserve Borrowers existence, present form of business, and all rights and privileges necessary in the normal course
of its business the loss of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and keep all Borrowers property
in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty damage excepted.

5.5 Insurance.
Obtain and keep in force insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are currently in force with Borrowers insurance
carriers. unless otherwise approved by the Required Lenders. Such insurance policies must be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Required Lenders(it being understood that policies substantially consistent with those currently in force shall
be deemed satisfactory), and shall, from and after the date that is forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date, in the case of
general liability insurance, list Agent as an additional insured and, in the case of property insurance list Agent as loss payee, in
each case on endorsement(s) in form reasonably acceptable to Agent. Borrower shall furnish to Agent such endorsements in
accordance with the preceding sentence, and upon Agents or any Lenders request, copies of any or all such insurance
policies. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, proceeds payable under any casualty policy will, at
Borrowers option (made in Borrowers good faith business judgment), be payable to Borrower to repair or replace the
property subject to the claim, provided that any such replacement property shall be deemed Collateral in which Lender has been
granted a security interest (subject only to Permitted Liens). If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then, proceeds
payable under any policy will be payable to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders, toward the satisfaction of the Obligations in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

5.6 Accounting
Records. Maintain adequate books, accounts and records, and prepare all financial statements in accordance with GAAP (except, in the
case of unaudited financial statements, for the omission of footnotes and subject to normal, year-end adjustments), and in compliance
with the regulations of any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Borrower or Borrowers business where
noncompliance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and permit, upon reasonable prior written notice to Borrower,
employees or agents of Agent at such reasonable times as Agent may reasonably request, at Borrowers expense (not to exceed Two
Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) in any 12-month period unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to inspect Borrowers
properties, and to examine, review and audit, and make copies and memoranda of Borrowers books, accounts and records; provided,
however, that unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent shall not conduct more than one such inspection
in any twelve month period.

5.7 Compliance
with Laws. Comply with all laws (including Environmental Laws), rules, regulations applicable to, and all orders and directives of
any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over, Borrower or Borrowers business, and with all material agreements
to which Borrower is a party, except, in each case, where the failure to so comply could not reasonable be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

8

5.8 Taxes
and Other Liabilities. Pay all Borrowers Indebtedness when due; taxes and other governmental or regulatory assessments before
delinquency or before any penalty attaches thereto, except, in each case, as may be contested in good faith by the appropriate procedures
and for which Borrower shall maintain appropriate reserves; and timely file all required tax returns (subject to any applicable extensions).

5.9 Special Collateral Covenants.

(a) Maintenance
of Collateral; Inspection. Do all commercially reasonable things to maintain, preserve, protect and keep all Collateral in good working
order and salable condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty damage excepted, deal with the Collateral in all commercially reasonable
ways as are considered good practice by owners of like property, and use the Collateral lawfully and, to the extent applicable, only as
permitted by Borrowers insurance policies. Maintain, or cause to be maintained, complete and accurate Records, in all material
respects, relating to the Collateral. Without duplication with Section 5.6, upon reasonable prior notice at reasonable times during
normal business hours (but in no case more than once per year if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), Borrower hereby
authorizes Agents officers, employees, representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral and to discuss the Collateral and the
Records relating thereto with Borrowers officers and employees, and, in the case of any Right to Payment during the continuance
of an Event of Default, after consultation with Borrower, with any Person which is or may be obligated thereon.

(b) Documents
of Title. Not sign or authorize the signing of any financing statement or other document naming Borrower as debtor or obligor (other
than a precautionary financing statement with respect to a lease that is not in the nature of a security interest), or acquiesce or cooperate
in the issuance of any bill of lading, warehouse receipt or other document or instrument of title with respect to any Collateral, except
those negotiated to Agent, or those naming Agent as secured party, or if solely to create, perfect or maintain a Permitted Lien.

(c) Change
in Location or Name. Without at least 10 Business Days prior written notice to Agent: (a) not relocate any
Collateral (other than mobile Equipment in the possession of Borrowers employees or agents or Inventory in transit) with an
aggregate value in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000), its chief executive office or principal place of
business at a location other than as specified in the Supplement; and (b) not change its name, mailing address, location of
Collateral with a value in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) (except Transfers permitted by Section 6.5
and other than mobile Equipment in the possession of Borrowers employees or agents or Inventory in transit), jurisdiction of
incorporation or its legal structure.

(d) [Reserved].

(e) Agreement
with Persons in Possession of Collateral. Use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain such acknowledgments, consents,
waivers and agreements (each a Waiver) from the owner, operator, lienholder, mortgagee, landlord or any Person
in possession of tangible Collateral in excess of [***] Dollars ($[***]) per location as Agent may require, all in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Agent. In addition, Agent shall have the right to require Borrower to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to provide Agent with a Waiver for location holding tangible Collateral in excess of [***] Dollars ($[***]) that is located in a jurisdiction
that provides for statutory landlords Liens and for any location at which the Person in possession of such Collateral has a Lien
thereon.

(f) Certain
Agreements on Rights to Payment. Other than as approved in the Borrowers commercially reasonable judgment, not make any material
discount, credit, rebate or other reduction in the original amount owing on a Right to Payment or accept in satisfaction of a Right to
Payment less than the original amount thereof.

5.10 Authorization
for Automated Clearinghouse Funds Transfer. (i) Authorize each Lender to initiate debit entries to Borrowers Primary Operating
Account, specified in the Supplement hereto, through Automated Clearinghouse (ACH) transfers, in order to
satisfy the regularly scheduled payments of principal and interest; (ii) provide each Lender at least thirty (30) days notice
of any change in Borrowers Primary Operating Account; and (iii) grant each Lender any additional authorizations necessary
to begin ACH debits from a new account which becomes the Primary Operating Account.

9

5.11 Anti-Corruption
Laws. Provide true, accurate and complete information, in all material respects, in all product orders, reimbursement requests
and other communications relating to Borrower and its products.

ARTICLE 6 - NEGATIVE COVENANTS

During the term
of this Agreement and until the performance of all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations or other obligations
which, by their terms, survive termination of this Agreement), Borrower will not:

6.1 Indebtedness.
Be indebted for borrowed money, the deferred purchase price of property, or leases which would be capitalized in accordance with GAAP;
or become liable as a surety, guarantor, accommodation party or otherwise for or upon the obligation of any other Person, except for Permitted
Indebtedness.

6.2 Liens.
Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien, or grant any other Person a negative pledge, on any of Borrowers property, in
each case, except in connection with Permitted Liens, the licensors of licenses of Intellectual Property to Borrower and any negative
pledge in respect of any asset subject to a Lien permitted by clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens. Borrower, Agent and
each Lender agree that this covenant is not intended to constitute a lien, deed of trust, equitable mortgage, or security interest of
any kind on any of Borrowers real property, and this Agreement shall not be recorded or recordable. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
however, violation of this covenant by Borrower shall constitute an Event of Default.

6.3 Dividends.
Pay any dividends or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or make any other distribution with respect to any of Borrowers
capital stock, except (a) dividends or other distributions solely of capital stock of Borrower, (b) repurchases of stock
from employees, directors, consultants, advisors, service providers or contractors upon termination of employment or services or
under reverse vesting, option or similar repurchase plans not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in any
calendar year so long as no Event of Default has occurred and be continuing, (c) the conversion of Borrowers convertible
securities into other securities pursuant to the terms of such convertible securities or otherwise in exchange thereof and payments
of de minimus cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the conversion or exercise of convertible
securities, (d) distributions made for the purpose of paying taxes in the ordinary course of business, provided that such
distributions shall not exceed that actual tax liability, and (d) the purchase, redemption or other acquisition of shares of
Borrowers capital stock with the proceeds received from a substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its capital stock.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subsidiaries of Borrower shall be permitted to pay dividends to or make distributions to Parent and
its Subsidiaries which are co-Borrowers hereunder or guarantors of the Obligations.

6.4 Fundamental Changes.

(a) (i) Liquidate
or dissolve; (ii) consummate, or permit any of Borrowers Subsidiaries to consummate, any Change of Control; or (iii) acquire,
or permit any of Borrowers Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person
other than Permitted Investments.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 6.4, Borrower may enter into a transaction that will constitute a Change of Control so long
as: (i) the Person that results from such Change of Control (the Surviving Entity) shall have executed
and delivered to Agent and Lenders an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Lenders, containing an assumption
by the Surviving Entity of the due and punctual payment and performance of all Obligations and performance and observance of each covenant
and condition of Borrower in the Loan Documents; (ii) all such obligations of the Surviving Entity to Lenders shall be guaranteed
by any Person that directly or indirectly owns or controls 50% or more of the voting stock of the Surviving Entity; (iii) immediately
after giving effect to such Change of Control, no Event of Default or, event which with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both,
would result in an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and (iv) the credit risk to Lenders, in each Lenders
commercially reasonable discretion, with respect to the Obligations and the Collateral shall not be increased. In determining whether
the proposed Change of Control would result in an increased credit risk, Lenders may consider, among other things, changes in Borrowers
management team, employee base, access to equity markets, venture capital support, financial position and/or disposition of intellectual
property rights which may reasonably be anticipated as a result of the Change of Control.

10

(c) In
addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.4, (i) a Subsidiary which is not a co-Borrower or
guarantor of the Obligations may merge or consolidate into another Subsidiary; (ii) a Subsidiary which is a co-Borrower or
guarantor of the Obligations may merge or consolidate into another Subsidiary provided that the continuing or surviving Person is a
co-Borrower or guarantor of the Obligations; and (iii) Borrower may consolidate or merge with any of Borrowers
Subsidiaries provided that Borrower is the continuing or surviving Person.

6.5 Sales
of Assets. Sell, transfer, lease, license or otherwise dispose of (a Transfer) any of
Borrowers assets except (i) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business, provided
that such licenses of Intellectual Property neither result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed Intellectual Property nor
have the same effect as a sale of such Intellectual Property; (ii) exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property that are limited
to specific geographies (excluding, in all cases other than other than licenses granted in connection with the commercialization of
such Intellectual Property, the United States of America), provided that (A) any such license is entered into on an arms
length bases for reasonable value (as determined in Borrowers good faith business judgment) with persons that are not
Borrower Affiliates, and (B) such licenses of Intellectual Property neither result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed
Intellectual Property nor have the same effect as a sale of such Intellectual Property; (iii) other exclusive licenses of
Intellectual Property that are limited to specific geographies provided that (A) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to
entering into such license Agent shall have received a reasonable detailed summary of the material terms of such license,
(B) Agent shall not have, within seven (7) Business Days of receipt of such summary objected (in good faith) to such
license, (C) any such license is entered into on an arms length bases for reasonable value (as determined in
Borrowers good faith business judgment) with persons that are not Borrower Affiliates, and (D) such licenses of
Intellectual Property neither result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed Intellectual Property nor have the same effect as
a sale of such Intellectual Property; (iv) Transfers of worn-out, obsolete or surplus property (each as determined by Borrower
in its reasonable business judgment); (v) Transfers of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; (vi) Transfers
constituting Permitted Liens; (vii) Transfers permitted in Section 6.3, 6.4, 6.6 or 6.7 hereunder; (viii) Transfers
of assets (other than Intellectual Property) for fair consideration and in the ordinary course of its business; (ix) leases,
subleases, licenses or sublicenses of real or personal property (including Intellectual Property) in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice; (x) Transfers of cash or cash equivalents not prohibited by this Agreement; and
(xi) dissolutions and liquidations of Subsidiaries provided that Borrower provides Agent with advance written notice.

6.6 Loans/Investments.
Make or suffer to exist any loans, guaranties, advances, or investments (Investments), except for Permitted
Investments.

6.7 Transactions
with Related Persons. Directly or indirectly enter into any transaction with or for the benefit of a Related Person on terms more
favorable to the Related Person than would have been obtainable in an arms length dealing, except (a) sales
of equity securities to existing investors in Borrower for capital raising purposes or Subordinated Debt in favor of investors, (b) reasonable
and customary director, officer and employee compensation (including bonuses) and other benefits (including retirement, health, stock
option and other benefit plans and indemnification arrangements approved by the relevant board of directors, board of managers, or equivalent
corporate body, (c) transfer pricing, cost plus, shared services or licensing arrangements between Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
and (d) transactions permitted pursuant to Sections 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4. 6.5 and 6.6.

6.8 Other
Business. Engage in any material line of business other than the business Borrower conducts as of the Closing Date and any business
substantially similar or related or incidental or ancillary thereto or a natural reasonable extension thereof.

6.9 Financing
Statements and Other Actions. Fail to (i) promptly upon Agents request, execute and deliver to Agent all financing statements,
notices and other documents (including, without limitation, any filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United
States Copyright Office) from time to time reasonably requested by Agent to maintain a perfected security interest in the Collateral in
favor of Agent, subject only to Permitted Liens; or (ii) promptly upon Agents request, perform such other acts, and execute
and deliver to Agent such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements and instruments, as Agent may at any time reasonably request
in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement or Agents rights, powers and remedies hereunder.

11

6.10 Compliance. Become
required to be registered as an investment company or controlled by an investment company, within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or become principally engaged in, or undertake as one of its important activities,
the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, or use the proceeds of any Loan for such
purpose. Fail to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in
ERISA, to occur, fail to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act or
violate any law or regulation, in each case, which non-compliance or violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the Collateral or the priority of Agents Lien on the Collateral, or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing.

6.11 Other Deposit and Securities Accounts.

(a) Maintain
any Deposit Accounts or accounts holding securities owned by Borrower except (i) Deposit Accounts and investment/securities accounts
as set forth in the Supplement, and (ii) other Deposit Accounts and securities/investment accounts, in each case, with respect to
which Borrower and Agent shall have taken such action as Agent reasonably deems necessary to obtain a first priority (subject only to
Permitted Liens that are permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to have, or that by operation of law have, superior priority)
perfected security interest therein, subject only to Permitted Liens.

(b) The
provisions of the previous sentence shall not apply to (a) Deposit Accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other
employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Borrowers employees and identified to Agent as such, so long as the
aggregate amount maintained in all such accounts does not exceed the amount reasonably estimated to be required to fund the then-next
two (2) payroll cycles (including bonuses) at any time; provided that Borrower shall promptly furnish supporting documentation for
such estimations upon Agents request, (b) any payment processor accounts,

(c) any
cash collateral accounts permitted under this Agreement and identified to Agent as such, and (d) any other Deposit Accounts for
no more than thirty (30) days after the opening thereof and only so long as all such accounts under this clause (d) hold less than
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) on deposit in the aggregate at any time (the accounts listed in clauses (a) through (d), each an
Excluded Account and collectively, the Excluded Accounts.

6.12 Prepayment
of Indebtedness. Prepay, redeem or otherwise satisfy in any manner prior to the scheduled repayment thereof any Indebtedness (other
than the Loans and Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1
hereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent and each Lender agrees that the conversion or exchange into Borrowers
equity securities of any Indebtedness (other than the Loans) shall not be prohibited by this Section 6.12.

6.13 Repayment
of Subordinated Debt. Repay, prepay, redeem or otherwise satisfy in any manner any Subordinated Debt, except in accordance with the
terms of any subordination agreement among Borrower, Agent and the holder(s) of such Subordinated Debt. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
each Lender agrees that the conversion or exchange into Borrowers equity securities of any Subordinated Debt and the payment of
cash in lieu of fractional shares shall not be prohibited by this Section 6.13.

6.14 Subsidiaries.

(a) Acquire
or create any Subsidiary, unless such Subsidiary becomes, at Agent and Required Lenders option, either a co-borrower hereunder
or executes and delivers to Agent one or more agreements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, containing a guaranty
of the Obligations that is secured by first priority (subject only to Permitted Liens that are permitted pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement to have, or that by operation of law have, superior priority) Liens on such Persons assets that would constitute Collateral,
subject only to Permitted Liens. For clarity, the parties acknowledge and agree that Agent and Required Lenders shall have the exclusive
right to determine whether any such Person will be made a co-borrower hereunder or a guarantor of the Obligations. Prior to the acquisition
or creation of any such Subsidiary, Borrower shall notify Agent thereof in writing, which notice shall contain the jurisdiction of such
Persons formation and include a description of such Persons fully diluted capitalization and Borrowers purpose for
its acquisition or creation of such Subsidiary.

(b) Sell,
transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of Borrowers ownership interest in any Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens or as otherwise
permitted pursuant to Section 6.5.

(c) Cause
or permit a Subsidiary to do any of the following: (i) grant Liens on such Subsidiarys assets, except for Liens that
would constitute Permitted Liens if incurred by Borrower and Liens on any property held or acquired by such Subsidiary in the
ordinary course of its business securing Indebtedness incurred or assumed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost
of acquiring such property; provided, that such Lien attaches solely to the property acquired (and the proceeds thereof) with
such Indebtedness and that the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the cost of such
property; and (ii) issue any additional Shares, except to Borrower or a wholly owned Subsidiary of Borrower.

12

(d) Notwithstanding
and without limiting the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Borrower shall not cause or
permit any foreign Subsidiary to maintain cash or assets (other than Intellectual Property) with a value in excess of (i) prior
to Commercialization, (x) with respect to [***], [***] Dollars ($[***]) or such greater amount as Agent shall consent to in
advance in writing in the aggregate at any time and (y) with respect to any other foreign Subsidiary, [***]Dollars ($[***]) or
such greater amount as Agent shall consent to in advance in writing at any time and (ii) after Commercialization, the greater
of (x) the amounts contemplated by the preceding clause (i) and (y) [***]Dollars ($[***]) or such greater amount as
Agent shall consent to in advance in writing in the aggregate at any time.

(e) Notwithstanding
and without limiting the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Borrower shall cause [***] [***].

6.15 Leases.
Create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist any obligation as lessee for the rental or hire of any personal property (Personal
Property Leases), except for Personal Property Leases of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that do not in the aggregate
require Borrower to make payments (including taxes, insurance, maintenance and similar expenses which Borrower is required to pay under
the terms of any such lease) in any calendar year in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in aggregate amount. For
the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6.15 will not be applicable to Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 6.1(f) of
this Agreement.

6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws.

(a) Take
any action that would cause a violation of any applicable anti-corruption law, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and all other applicable anti-corruption laws.

(b) Directly
or indirectly, offer, pay, give, promise or authorize the payment of any money, gift, or anything of value to any person acting in an
official capacity for any government department, agency, or instrumentality, including state-owned or controlled companies or entities,
and public international organizations, as well as a political party or official thereof or candidates for political office, except in
compliance with applicable law.

6.17 [***]
Subordinated Debt. Borrower shall not request loans, credit extensions or any other credit accommodations which would cause the principal
amount of Indebtedness owing to [***] to be in excess of [***]Dollars ($[***]) at any time.

ARTICLE 7 - EVENTS OF DEFAULT

7.1 Events
of Default; Acceleration. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the obligation of each Lender to
make any additional Loan shall be suspended. The occurrence and continuation of any of the following (each, an Event of Default)
shall at the option of Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders (1) make all sums of Basic Interest and principal, as well
as any other Obligations and amounts owing under any Loan Documents, immediately due and payable without notice of default, presentment
or demand for payment, protest or notice of nonpayment or dishonor or any other notices or demands, and (2) give Agent the right
to exercise any other right or remedy provided by contract or applicable law:

(a) Borrower
shall fail to pay any principal or interest under this Agreement or any Note, or fail to pay any fees or other charges when due
under any Loan Document, and such failure continues for three (3) Business Days or more after the same first becomes due;
provided, however, that Agents or any Lenders failure to effect, or effort in effecting, timely automatic debits of
the appropriate funds from the Primary Operating Account as provided in Sections 2.2 and 5.10 hereof shall not constitute an Event
of Default.

(b) Any
representation or warranty made, or financial statement, certificate or other document provided, by Borrower under any Loan Document shall
prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made herein.

(c) If
there occurs any circumstance or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

13

(d) (i) Borrower
shall fail to pay its debts generally as they become due; or (ii) Borrower shall commence any Insolvency Proceeding with respect
to itself, an involuntary Insolvency Proceeding shall be filed against Borrower, or a custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee for the benefit
of creditors, or other similar official, shall be appointed to take possession, custody or control of the properties of Borrower, and
such involuntary Insolvency Proceeding, petition or appointment is acquiesced to by Borrower or is not dismissed within forty five (45)
days; (iii) the dissolution, winding up, or termination of the business or cessation of operations of Borrower (including any transaction
or series of related transactions deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Borrower (other than as permitted by Section 6.4
hereof) pursuant to the provisions of Borrowers charter documents); or (iv) Borrower shall take any corporate action for the
purpose of effecting, approving, or consenting to any of the foregoing.

(e) Borrower
shall be in default beyond any applicable period of grace or cure under any other agreement involving the borrowing of money, the purchase
of property on credit, the advance of credit or any other monetary liability of any kind to any Lender or to any other Person in an amount
in excess of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000), however, that the Event of Default under this Section 7.1(e) caused by
the occurrence of a breach or default under such other agreement shall be cured or waived for purposes of this Agreement upon Agent receiving
written notice from the party asserting such breach or default of such cure or waiver of the breach or default under such other agreement.

(f) Any
governmental or regulatory authority shall take any judicial or administrative action which is not dismissed, stayed or otherwise resolved
within thirty (30) days, or any defined benefit pension plan maintained by Borrower shall have any unfunded liabilities, any of which,
in the reasonable judgment of Agent and each Lender, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Except
as otherwise permitted pursuant to Sections 6.4 or 6.5, any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or a substantial or material part
of the assets constituting Collateral of Borrower, except for the creation of Permitted Liens, including without limitation to any trust
or similar entity, shall occur.

(h) Any
judgment(s) (not covered by third- party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) singly or in the aggregate
in excess of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) (excluding amounts covered by third-party insurance as to which the insurer does
not dispute coverage) shall be entered against Borrower which remain unsatisfied, unvacated or unstayed pending appeal for thirty (30)
or more days after entry thereof.

(i) Borrower
shall fail to perform or observe any covenant contained in Article 6 of this Agreement.

(j) Borrower
shall fail to perform or observe any covenant contained in Article 5 or elsewhere in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other
than a covenant which is dealt with specifically elsewhere in this Article 7) and, if capable of being cured, the breach of such
covenant is not cured within ten (10) days after the sooner to occur of Borrowers receipt of notice of such breach from Agent
or the date on which such breach first becomes known to any senior officer of Borrower (the Notice Date); provided,
however that if such breach is not capable of being cured within such 10-day period and Borrower timely notifies Agent and Borrower
diligently pursues such cure, then the cure period shall be extended to the date requested in Borrowers notice but in no event
more than thirty (30) days from the Notice Date.

7.2 Remedies
upon Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders,
shall be entitled to exercise any or all of the rights and remedies available to a secured party under the UCC or any other applicable
law, and exercise any or all of its rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement and in any other Loan Document. The obligations
of Borrower under this Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any
Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Agent or any Lender upon, on account of, or in connection with, the insolvency,
bankruptcy or reorganization of Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

14

7.3 Sale
of Collateral. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent, at the direction of the Required
Lenders, may sell all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sales, to itself, a wholesaler, retailer or investor, for
cash, upon credit or for future delivery, and at such price or prices as Agent or the Required Lenders may deem commercially
reasonable. Any such public or private sales shall be held at such times and at such place(s) as Agent, at the direction of the
Required Lenders, may determine. In case of the sale of all or any part of the Collateral on credit or for future delivery, the
Collateral so sold may be retained by Agent until the selling price is paid by the purchaser, but neither Agent nor any Lender shall
incur any liability in case of the failure of such purchaser to pay for the Collateral and, in case of any such failure, such
Collateral may be resold. Agent may, at the direction of the Required Lenders, instead of exercising its power of sale, proceed to
enforce its security interest in the Collateral by seeking a judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default is in existence,

(1) Subject
to the rights of any third parties, Agent may license, or sublicense, whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive
or non-exclusive basis, any Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks included in the Collateral throughout the world for such term or terms,
on such conditions and in such manner as the Required Lenders shall in their sole discretion determine;

(2) Agent,
at the direction of the Required Lenders, may (without assuming any obligations or liability thereunder), at any time and from time to
time, enforce (and shall have the exclusive right to enforce) against any licensee or sublicensee all rights and remedies of Borrower
in, to and under any Copyright Licenses, Patent Licenses or Trademark Licenses, in each case, to the extent included in the Collateral,
and take or refrain from taking any action under any thereof, and Borrower hereby releases Agent and each Lender from, and agrees to hold
Agent and each Lender free and harmless from and against any claims arising out of, any lawful action so taken or omitted to be taken
with respect thereto other than claims arising out of Agents or any Lenders gross negligence or willful misconduct; and

(3) Upon
request by Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, Borrower will execute and deliver to Agent a power of attorney, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent for the implementation of any lease, assignment, license, sublicense, grant of option, sale
or other disposition of a Copyright, Patent or Trademark, in each case, to the extent included in the Collateral. In the event of any
such disposition pursuant to this clause 3, Borrower shall supply its know-how and expertise relating to the products or services made
or rendered in connection with Patents, the manufacture and sale of the products bearing Trademarks, and its customer lists and other
records relating to such Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks and to the distribution of said products, to Agent.

(4) If,
at any time when Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, shall determine to exercise the right to sell the whole or any
part of the Shares hereunder, such Shares or the part thereof to be sold shall not, for any reason whatsoever, be effectively
registered under the Securities Act (or any similar statute), then Agent may, in its discretion (subject only to applicable
requirements of law), sell such Shares or part thereof by private sale in such manner and under such circumstances as Agent, at the
direction of the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable, but subject to the other requirements of this Article 7,
and shall not be required to effect such registration or to cause the same to be effected. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, in any such event, Agent may, at the direction of the Required Lenders in their sole discretion (i) in accordance
with applicable securities laws proceed to make such private sale notwithstanding that a registration statement for the purpose of
registering such Shares or part thereof could be or shall have been filed under the Securities Act (or similar statute),
(ii) approach and negotiate with a single possible purchaser to effect such sale, and (iii) restrict such sale to a
purchaser who is an accredited investor under the Securities Act and who will represent and agree that such purchaser is purchasing
for its own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or sale of such Shares or any part thereof. In addition
to a private sale as provided above in this Article 7, if any of the Shares shall not be freely distributable to the
public without registration under the Securities Act (or similar statute) at the time of any proposed sale pursuant to this Article 7,
then Agent shall not be required to effect such registration or cause the same to be effected but, in its discretion (subject only
to applicable requirements of law), may require that any sale hereunder (including a sale at auction) be conducted subject to
restrictions:

(A) as
to the financial sophistication and ability of any Person permitted to bid or purchase at any such sale;

(B) as
to the content of legends to be placed upon any certificates representing the Shares sold in such sale, including restrictions on future
transfer thereof;

(C) as
to the representations required to be made by each Person bidding or purchasing at such sale relating to such Persons access to
financial information about Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and such Persons intentions as to the holding of the Shares so
sold for investment for its own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof; and

15

(D) as
to such other matters as Agent may, in its discretion, deem necessary or appropriate in order that such sale (notwithstanding any failure
so to register) may be effected in compliance with the Bankruptcy Code and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
and the Securities Act and all applicable state securities laws.

(5) Borrower
recognizes that Agent may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all the Shares and may be compelled to resort to one or more private
sales thereof in accordance with clause (4) above. Borrower also acknowledges that any such private sale may result in prices
and other terms less favorable to the seller than if such sale were a public sale and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that
any such private sale shall not be deemed to have been made in a commercially unreasonable manner solely by virtue of such sale being
private. Agent shall be under no obligation to delay a sale of any of the Shares for the period of time necessary to permit the applicable
Subsidiary to register such securities for public sale under the Securities Act, or under applicable state securities laws, even if Borrower
and/or the Subsidiary would agree to do so.

7.4 Borrowers
Obligations upon Default. Upon the request of Agent, at the direction of Lenders, after the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, Borrower will:

(a) Assemble
and make available to Agent the Collateral at such place(s) as Agent shall reasonably designate, segregating all Collateral so that
each item is capable of identification; and

(b) Subject to the rights of any lessor, permit Agent, by Agents officers, employees, agents and representatives, to peaceably enter
any premises where any Collateral is located, to take possession of the Collateral, to complete the processing, manufacture or repair
of any Collateral, and to remove the Collateral, or to conduct any public or private sale of the Collateral, all without any liability
of Agent or any Lender for rent or other compensation owing to Borrower for the use of Borrowers premises.

ARTICLE 8 - SPECIAL
COLLATERAL PROVISIONS

8.1 Compromise
and Collection. Borrower and Agent recognize that setoffs, counterclaims, defenses and other claims may be asserted by obligors with
respect to certain of the Rights to Payment; that certain of the Rights to Payment may be or become uncollectible in whole or in part;
and that the expense and probability of success of litigating a disputed Right to Payment may exceed the amount that reasonably may be
expected to be recovered with respect to such Right to Payment. Borrower hereby authorizes Agent, after and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, to compromise with the obligor, accept in full payment of any Right to Payment such amount as Agent shall negotiate
with the obligor, or abandon any Right to Payment. Any such action by Agent shall be considered commercially reasonable so long as the
Required Lenders have made the determination in good faith based on information known to them at the time Agent takes any such action.

8.2 Performance
of Borrowers Obligations. Without having any obligation to do so, upon reasonable prior notice to Borrower, Agent may, at the
direction of the Required Lenders, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default perform or pay any obligation
which Borrower has agreed to perform or pay under this Agreement and which Agent reasonably believes in good faith Borrower has not paid
or performed and will not pay or perform in a timely fashion, including, without limitation, the payment or discharge of taxes or Liens
levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral. In so performing or paying, Agent and the Required Lenders shall determine the
action to be taken and the amount necessary to discharge such obligations. Borrower shall reimburse Agent on demand for any reasonable
documented out-of-pocket amounts paid by Agent pursuant to this Section, which amounts shall constitute Obligations secured by the Collateral
and shall bear interest from the date of demand at the Default Rate.

16

8.3 Power
of Attorney. For the purpose of protecting and preserving the Collateral and Agents rights under this Agreement, Borrower
hereby irrevocably appoints Agent, with full power of substitution, as its attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, after the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to do any act which Borrower is obligated to do hereunder; to exercise
such rights with respect to the Collateral as Borrower might exercise; to use such Inventory, Equipment, Fixtures or other property
as Borrower might use; to enter Borrowers premises; to give notice of Agents security interest in, and to collect the
Collateral; and before or after Default, to execute and file in Borrowers name any financing statements, amendments and
continuation statements, Account Control Agreements or other Security Documents necessary or desirable to create, maintain, perfect
or continue the perfection of Agents security interests in the Collateral. Borrower hereby ratifies all that Agent shall
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this appointment (absent any such action constituting gross negligence or willful
misconduct).

8.4 Authorization
for Agent to Take Certain Action. The power of attorney created in Section 8.3 is a power coupled with an interest and shall
be irrevocable until the repayment in full of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations or other obligations
which, by their terms, survive termination of this Agreement). The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interests
in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon Agent to exercise such powers. Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it
actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers and in no event shall Agent or any of its directors, officers, employees,
agents or representatives be responsible to Borrower for any act or failure to act, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct.
After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may exercise this power of attorney without notice to or
assent of Borrower, in the name of Borrower, or in Agents own name, from time to time in Agents sole discretion and at Borrowers
expense. To further carry out the terms of this Agreement, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent
may, at the direction of the Required Lenders:

(a) Execute
any statements or documents or take possession of, and endorse and collect and receive delivery or payment of, any checks, drafts, notes,
acceptances or other instruments and documents constituting Collateral, or constituting the payment of amounts due and to become due or
any performance to be rendered with respect to the Collateral.

(b) Sign
and endorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills of lading, storage or warehouse receipts; drafts, certificates and statements
under any commercial or standby letter of credit relating to Collateral; assignments, verifications and notices in connection with Accounts;
or any other documents relating to the Collateral, including without limitation the Records.

(c) Use
or operate Collateral or any other property of Borrower for the purpose of preserving or liquidating Collateral.

(d) File
any claim or take any other action or proceeding in any court of law or equity or as otherwise deemed appropriate by Agent for the purpose
of collecting any and all monies due or securing any performance to be rendered with respect to the Collateral.

(e) Commence,
prosecute or defend any suits, actions or proceedings or as otherwise deemed appropriate by Agent for the purpose of protecting or collecting
the Collateral. In furtherance of this right, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may apply for
the appointment of a receiver or similar official to operate Borrowers business.

(f) Prepare,
adjust, execute, deliver and receive payment under insurance claims, and collect and receive payment of and endorse any instrument in
payment of loss or returned premiums or any other insurance refund or return, and apply such amounts at Agents sole discretion,
toward repayment of the Obligations or replacement of the Collateral.

8.5 Application
of Proceeds. Any Proceeds and other monies or property received by Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any Loan Document
may be applied as follows:

(a) First,
to Agent, the aggregate amount of all costs, expenses, indemnities and other amounts required to be reimbursed to Agent, in its capacity
as such, until paid in full;

(b) Second,
to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders (in accordance with the portion funded by each Lender), the aggregate amount of all Obligations
arising on account of payments made by Agent in accordance with Section 8.2, until repaid in full;

(c) Third,
to Lenders, ratably in accordance with principal amount of the Loans held by each Lender, an amount equal to the aggregate costs, expenses,
indemnities or other amounts then required to be reimbursed to Lenders, until paid in full;

(d) Fourth,
to Lenders, ratably in accordance with aggregate amount of any fees, premiums or similar payments due to each Lender in respect of
the Loans held by such Lender, an amount equal to the aggregate fees, premiums or other similar such payments due to such Lender in
respect of the Loans, until paid in full;

17

(e) Fifth,
to Lenders, ratably in accordance with accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Loans and the other Obligations due to each Lender,
an amount equal to the aggregate accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations then due, until paid in full;

(f) Sixth,
to Lenders, ratably in accordance outstanding principal due to each Lender in respect of the Loans, an amount equal to the aggregate principal
outstanding in respect of the Loans then due, until paid in full;

(g) Seventh,
to Agent and each Lender, ratably in accordance with the any other Obligations due to such Lender, an amount equal to all other Obligations
due and payable to Agent and each Lender, until paid in full; and

(h) Last,
the balance, if any, to Borrower or as otherwise required by applicable law.

8.6 Deficiency.
If the Proceeds of any disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to cover all costs and expenses of such sale and the payment
in full of all the Obligations, plus all other sums required to be expended or distributed by Agent to Lenders, then Borrower shall be
liable for any such deficiency.

8.7 Agent
Transfer. Upon the transfer of all or any part of the Obligations, Agent may transfer all or part of the Collateral and shall be fully
discharged thereafter from all liability and responsibility with respect to such Collateral so transferred, and the transferee shall be
vested with all the rights and powers of Agent hereunder with respect to such Collateral so transferred, but with respect to any Collateral
not so transferred, Agent shall retain all rights and powers hereby given.

8.8 Agents Duties.

(a) Agent
shall use reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any Collateral in its possession. Without limitation on other conduct which
may be considered the exercise of reasonable care, Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation
of such Collateral if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which Agent accords its own property, it being
understood that Agent shall not have any responsibility for ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges,
maturities, declining value, tenders or other matters relative to any Collateral, regardless of whether Agent has or is deemed to have
knowledge of such matters; or taking any necessary steps to preserve any rights against any Person with respect to any Collateral. Under
no circumstances shall Agent be responsible for any injury or loss to the Collateral, or any part thereof, arising from any cause beyond
the reasonable control of Agent.

(b) Agent
may at any time deliver the Collateral or any part thereof to Borrower and the receipt of Borrower shall be a complete and full acquittance
for the Collateral so delivered, and Agent shall thereafter be discharged from any liability or responsibility therefor.

(c) Neither
Agent, nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or any other person affiliated with or representing Agent shall
be liable for any claims, demands, losses or damages, of any kind whatsoever, made, claimed, incurred or suffered by Borrower or any other
party through the ordinary negligence of Agent, or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or any other person affiliated
with or representing Agent.

8.9 Termination
of Security Interests and Loan Documents. Upon the payment in full of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity or
reimbursement obligations or other obligations which, by their terms, survive termination of this Agreement) and satisfaction of all
Borrowers obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and if Lenders have no further obligations under
their Commitment, the security interest granted hereby shall automatically and immediately terminate without further action by any
party, all rights to the Collateral shall revert to Borrower and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall automatically and
immediately terminate without further action by any party; provided that (i) those obligations, liabilities, covenants and
terms that are expressly specified herein and in any other Loan Document as surviving that respective agreements termination,
including without limitation, Borrowers indemnity obligations set forth in this Agreement, shall continue to survive
notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, and (ii) nothing set forth herein shall affect or be deemed to
affect those obligations, liabilities, covenants and terms set forth in any warrant instrument issued to a Lenders parent
company or set forth in any other equity securities or convertible debt securities of Borrower acquired by any Lender in connection
with this Agreement. Upon any such termination, Agent shall return all Collateral in its possession or control to Borrower and, at
Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to Borrower such documents as Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence such
termination.

18

ARTICLE 9 - GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1 Notices.
Any notice given by any party under any Loan Document shall be in writing and personally delivered, sent by overnight courier, or United
States mail, postage prepaid, or sent by electronic mail, or other authenticated message, charges prepaid, to the other partys
or parties addresses shown on the Supplement. Each party may change the address or email address to which notices, requests and
other communications are to be sent by giving written notice of such change to each other party. Notice given by hand delivery shall be
deemed received on the date delivered; if sent by overnight courier, on the next Business Day after delivery to the courier service; if
by first class mail, on the third Business Day after deposit in the U.S. Mail; and if by electronic mail, on the date of transmission.

9.2 Binding
Effect. The Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, Lenders, Agent and their respective successors
and assigns; provided, however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer Borrowers rights or obligations under any Loan Document.
Upon written notice to Borrower, each Lender reserves the right, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, to sell, assign, transfer,
negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, such Lenders rights and obligations under the Loan
Documents provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Lender shall not assign any of such rights
or obligations to any competitor of Borrower or any vulture fund or distressed debt fund. Without limiting the foregoing, any Lender may
sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, such Lenders rights and obligations
under the Loan Documents to any Affiliate of such Lender. In connection with any of the foregoing, Lenders and Agent may disclose to any
prospective purchaser or assignee all documents and information which Lenders and Agent now or hereafter may have relating to the Loans,
Borrower, or its business, provided that any Person who receives such information shall have agreed in writing in advance to maintain
the confidentiality of such information on terms no less favorable to Borrower than are set forth in Section 9.13 hereof.

9.3 No
Waiver. Any waiver, consent or approval by Agent and the Required Lenders of any Event of Default or breach of any provision, condition,
or covenant of any Loan Document must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in writing and signed by Agent
and the Required Lenders. No waiver of any breach or default shall be deemed a waiver of any later breach or default of the same or any
other provision of any Loan Document. No failure or delay on the part of Agent or any Lender in exercising any power, right, or privilege
under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, or privilege shall
preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or privilege. Agent and the Required Lenders have the
right, at their sole option, to continue to accept interest and/or principal payments due under the Loan Documents after default, and
such acceptance shall not constitute a waiver of said default or an extension of the maturity of any Loan unless the Required Lenders
agree otherwise in writing.

9.4 Rights
Cumulative. All rights and remedies existing under the Loan Documents are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any other rights or
remedies available under contract or applicable law.

9.5 Unenforceable
Provisions. Any provision of any Loan Document executed by Borrower which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall
be so only as to such jurisdiction and only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, but all the remaining provisions of
any such Loan Document shall remain valid and enforceable.

9.6 Accounting
Terms. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, accounting terms and financial covenants and information shall be determined
and prepared in accordance with GAAP (except with respect to the footnote disclosure required thereby and subject to year-end adjustments);
provided that for purposes of compliance with the financial covenants and negative covenants and, for purposes of such covenants, any
related definitions herein (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not any covenants or obligations in respect of the preparation or provision
of financial statements hereunder), GAAP shall be deemed to treat operating leases and capital lease obligations in a manner consistent
with the treatment thereof under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018, notwithstanding any modifications or interpretive changes
thereto that have occurred.

19

9.7 Indemnification;
Exculpation. Borrower shall pay and protect, defend and indemnify each Lender, Agent and each Lenders and Agents employees,
officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, correspondents, agents and representatives (other than Lender, collectively Representatives)
against, and hold each Lender, Agent and each of such Representatives harmless from, all claims, actions, proceedings, liabilities, damages,
losses, reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses (limited to, in the case of legal expenses, reasonable documented out-of- pocket
attorneys charges and disbursements) and other amounts incurred by each Lender, Agent and each of such Representatives, arising
from (i) the matters contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (ii) any dispute between Borrower and a third
party, or (iii) any contention that Borrower has failed to comply with any law, rule, regulation, order or directive applicable to
Borrowers business; provided, however, that this indemnification shall not apply to any of the foregoing to the extent incurred
as the result of any Lenders, Agents or any of such Representatives gross negligence or willful misconduct. This
indemnification shall survive the payment and satisfaction of all of Borrowers Obligations to Lenders.

9.8 Reimbursement.
Borrower shall reimburse each Lender and Agent for all reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including without
limitation reasonable documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and disbursements expended or incurred by each Lender and Agent
in any arbitration, mediation, judicial reference, legal action or otherwise in connection with (a) the preparation and
negotiation of the Loan Documents, (b) the amendment and enforcement of the Loan Documents, including without limitation during
any workout, attempted workout, and/or in connection with the rendering of legal advice as to each Lenders and Agents
rights, remedies and obligations under the Loan Documents, (c) collecting any sum which becomes due to each Lender under any
Loan Document, (d) any proceeding for declaratory relief, any counterclaim to any proceeding, or any appeal, or (e) the
protection, preservation or enforcement of any rights of Lenders or Agent under the Loan Documents. For the purposes of this
section, attorneys fees shall be limited to reasonable documented out-of-pocket attorneys charges and disbursements,
including, without limitation, any of the foregoing incurred in connection with the following: (1) contempt proceedings;
(2) discovery; (3) any motion, proceeding or other activity of any kind in connection with an Insolvency Proceeding;
(4) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; and (5) post-judgment motions and proceedings of any kind,
including without limitation any activity taken to collect or enforce any judgment. All of the foregoing costs and expenses shall be
payable upon demand by any Lender or Agent, and if not paid within forty-five (45) days of presentation of invoices shall bear
interest at the Default Rate.

9.9 Execution
in Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement and each
of the other Loan Documents may be executed by electronic signatures. Borrower, Agent and Lenders expressly agree to conduct the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by electronic means (including, without limitation, with respect to the execution,
delivery, storage and transfer of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents by electronic means and to the enforceability of
electronic Loan Documents). Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents by electronic
mail transmission (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com)
shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof and thereof, as applicable. The words execution,
signed, signature and words of like import herein shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the
keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law,
including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

9.10 Entire
Agreement. No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no approval
or consent thereunder, or any consent to any departure by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom, shall in any event be effective
unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower, Agent and the Required Lenders provided that:

(a) no
such amendment, waiver or other modification that would have the effect of increasing or reducing a Lenders Commitment shall be
effective as to such Lender without such Lenders written consent;

20

(b) no
such amendment, waiver or modification that would affect the rights and duties of Agent shall be effective without Agents written
consent;

(c) no
such amendment, waiver or other modification shall, unless signed by all the Lenders directly affected thereby, (A) reduce the
principal of, rate of interest on or any fees with respect to any Loan or forgive any principal, interest (other than default
interest) or fees (other than late charges) with respect to any Loan (B) postpone the date fixed for, or waive, any payment of
principal of any Loan or of interest on any Loan (other than default interest) or any fees provided for hereunder (other than late
charges or for any termination of any commitment); (C) change the definition of the term Required Lenders or the
percentage of Lenders which shall be required for the Lenders to take any action hereunder; (D) release all or substantially
all or substantially all or any material portion of the Collateral, authorize Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all or any material portion of the Collateral, except, in each case with respect to this clause (D), as otherwise may
be expressly permitted under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including in connection with any disposition permitted
hereunder); (E) amend, waive or otherwise modify this Section 9.10 or the definitions of the terms used in this
Section 9.10 insofar as the definitions affect the substance of this Section 9.10; (F) consent to the assignment,
delegation or other transfer by Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under any Loan Document or release Borrower of its
payment obligations under any Loan Document, except, in each case with respect to this clause (F), pursuant to a merger or
consolidation permitted pursuant to this Agreement; (G) amend any of the provisions that provide for Lenders to receive their
pro rata portion of any fees, payments, setoffs or proceeds of Collateral hereunder; or (H) subordinate the Liens granted in
favor of Agent securing the Obligations.

(d) The
Loan Documents are intended by the parties as the final expression of their agreement and therefore contain the entire agreement between
the parties and supersede all prior understandings or agreements concerning the subject matter hereof.

9.11 Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

(a) THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.

(b) ANY
LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF
CALIFORNIA OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF BORROWER,
AGENT AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF
BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY
OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING
OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH
LENDER EACH WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH
MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY CALIFORNIA LAW.

9.12 Waiver
of Jury Trial. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH WAIVES ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS
TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE
BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY PARTICIPANT OR ASSIGNEE, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH AGREES THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT
TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS
WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEMS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART,
TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS
WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS.

21

9.13 Confidentiality. Agent
and each Lender agrees to hold in confidence all confidential information that it receives from Borrower pursuant to the Loan
Documents, except for disclosure as shall be reasonably required (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is
made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential):
(a) to legal counsel and accountants for Agent and each Lender; (b) to other professional advisors to Agent and each
Lender that are subject to professional obligations of confidentiality; (c) to regulatory officials having jurisdiction over
Lender to the extent required by law; (d) to Agents and each Lenders investors and bona fide prospective
investors (subject to the same confidentiality obligation set forth herein), and in Agents and each Lenders SEC
filings as required by law; (e) as required by law or legal process or in connection with any legal proceeding to which Agent,
any Lender and Borrower are adverse parties; (f) in connection with a disposition or proposed disposition of any or all of
Agents and any Lenders rights hereunder to any bona fide assignee or participant (provided, that any such assignee or
participant shall have first executed a confidentiality agreement with terms no less restrictive than the terms hereof and a copy of
such agreement shall have been delivered to Borrower); (g) to Agents and each Lenders subsidiaries or Affiliates
in connection with their business with Borrower (subject to the same confidentiality obligation set forth herein); (h) as
required by valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or governmental body, or by any applicable law,
rule, regulation, subpoena, or any other administrative or legal process, or by applicable regulatory or professional standards,
including in connection with any judicial or other proceeding involving Agent or any Lender relating to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby; and (i) as reasonably required in connection with Agents and any Lenders
examination or audit. For purposes of this section, Agent, each Lender and Borrower agree that confidential
information shall mean any information regarding or relating to Borrower other than: (i) information which is or becomes
generally available to the public other than as result of a disclosure by Agent or any Lender in violation of this section,
(ii) information which becomes available to Agent or any Lender from any other source (other than Borrower) which neither Agent
nor the relevant Lender knows is bound by a confidentiality agreement with respect to the information made available, and
(iii) information that Agent or such Lender knows on a non-confidential basis prior to Borrower disclosing it to Agent or such
Lender. In addition, Borrower agrees that, following prior review and written approval by Borrower (such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), Agent and each Lender may use Borrowers name, logo and/or trademark in connection with
certain promotional materials that Agent and any Lender may disseminate to the public, including, but are not limited to, brochures,
internet website, press releases and any other materials relating to the fact that Agent and each Lender has a financing
relationship with Borrower.

ARTICLE 10 - AGENCY.

10.1 Appointment.
Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Avenue Capital Management II, L.P. to act on its behalf as the administrative agent
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers
as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto.

10.2 Indemnity.
Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by Borrowers and without limiting
the obligation of Borrowers to do so), according to its respective Commitment percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification
is sought under this Section 10.2, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the
Agent in any way relating to or arising out of, this Agreement, a Supplement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated
by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Agent under
or in connection with any of the foregoing; The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of each Loan and all other amounts
payable hereunder. Agent shall not be liable to any Lender for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the
request of any Lender or as Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances or (ii) in the absence
of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

22

10.3 Duties.
Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made
in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document
delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any default or Event of Default, (iv) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or
document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 4 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt
of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agent.

10.4 Reliance
by Agent. Agent may rely, and shall be fully protected in acting, or refraining to act, upon, any resolution, statement, certificate,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond or other paper or document that it has no reason to believe to be other
than genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties or, in the case of e-mail, to have been sent by the proper
party or parties. In the absence of its gross negligence or willful misconduct, Agent may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements
and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to Agent and conforming to the requirements
of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Agent may consult with counsel, and any opinion or legal advice of such counsel
shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, not taken or suffered by Agent hereunder or under
any Loan Documents in accordance therewith. Agent shall have the right at any time to seek instructions concerning the administration
of the Collateral from any court of competent jurisdiction. Agent shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers
granted to Agent by this Agreement, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents at the request or direction of Lenders unless Agent
shall have been provided by Lenders with adequate security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred
by it in compliance with such request or direction.

10.5 Collateral
Agent. The Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders hereby
irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing
any and all Liens on Collateral granted by Borrowers to secure any of the Obligations. Each Lender hereby authorizes Agent, on
behalf of and for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in its capacity as collateral agent, to enter into any of the Loan Documents as
secured party for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing all Liens on Collateral (and any other collateral from time to time
securing the Obligations), and as Agent for and representative of Lender thereunder, and each Lender agrees to be bound by the terms
of each such document. All powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by Agent, at the direction
of the Required Lenders, for the benefit of Lenders and Agent in accordance with the terms thereof. In the event of a foreclosure on
any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, either Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such
Collateral at any such sale and Agent, as agent for and representative of Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their
respective individual capacities unless Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (subject to the proviso
at the end of this sentence), for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any
portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the
purchase price for any Collateral payable by Agent at such sale; provided however, that neither Agent nor any Lender shall
credit bid at any foreclosure and/or other public or private sale absent the consent of the Required Lenders. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent is hereby expressly authorized to execute any and all documents (including releases)
that bind Lenders with respect to (i) the Collateral and the rights of Lenders with respect thereto, as contemplated by and in
accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, and (ii) any other subordination agreement with respect to any
Subordinated Debt.

10.6 Successor
Agents. Agent may resign upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Lenders and Borrowers. If Agent shall resign
in its capacity under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent
(provided that, if such successor agent is not a US Person, then such appointment shall require Borrowers consent), whereupon
such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Agent in its capacity, and the term Agent shall
mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Agents rights, powers and duties as
Agent in its capacity shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent or any of the
parties to this Agreement or any Lender. If no applicable successor agent has accepted appointment as such Agent in its capacity by
the date that is twenty (20) days following such retiring Agents notice of resignation, such retiring Agents
resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of such Agent
hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. After any retiring
Agents resignation as Agent, the provisions of this Section 10 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by it while it was an Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

23

ARTICLE 11 - DEFINITIONS

The definitions
appearing in this Agreement or any Supplement shall be applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the defined terms:

Account
means any account, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which
Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, all accounts receivable, book
debts and other forms of obligations (other than forms of obligations evidenced by Chattel Paper, Documents or Instruments) now owned
or hereafter received or acquired by or belonging or owing to Borrower (including, without limitation, under any trade name, style or
division thereof) whether arising out of goods sold or services rendered by Borrower or from any other transaction, whether or not the
same involves the sale of goods or services by Borrower (including, without limitation, any such obligation that may be characterized
as an account or contract right under the UCC) and all of Borrowers rights in, to and under all purchase orders or receipts now
owned or hereafter acquired by it for goods or services, and all of Borrowers rights to any goods represented by any of the foregoing
(including, without limitation, unpaid sellers rights of rescission, replevin, reclamation and stoppage in transit and rights
to returned, reclaimed or repossessed goods), and all monies due or to become due to Borrower under all purchase orders and contracts
for the sale of goods or the performance of services or both by Borrower or in connection with any other transaction (whether or not yet
earned by performance on the part of Borrower), now in existence or hereafter occurring, including, without limitation, the right to receive
the proceeds of said purchase orders and contracts, and all collateral security and guarantees of any kind given by any Person with respect
to any of the foregoing.

Account
Control Agreement means any control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which a Borrower
(or any Subsidiary guarantor of the

Obligations) maintains a Deposit Account
or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which a Borrower (or any Subsidiary guarantor of the Obligations) maintains
a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, pursuant to which Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, obtains control (within the meaning
of the UCC over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account; provided that, unless otherwise expressly agreed to after
the Closing Date, any such control agreement shall only require and provide for customary springing control.

Affiliate
means any Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Borrower. Control,
controlled by and under common control with mean direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause
the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise); provided, that control
shall be conclusively presumed when any Person or affiliated group directly or indirectly owns ten percent (10%) or more of the securities
having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of a corporation.

Agreement
means this Loan and Security Agreement and each Supplement thereto, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

Bankruptcy
Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.), as amended.

Basic
Interest means the rate of interest payable on the outstanding balance of each Loan at the applicable Designated
Rate.

Borrowing
Date means the Business Day on which the proceeds of a Loan are disbursed by any Lender.

Borrowing
Request means a written request from Borrower in substantially the form of Exhibit B to
the Supplement, requesting the funding of one or more Loans on a particular Borrowing Date.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or San Francisco
are authorized or required by law to close.

Change
of Control means: (a) any sale, license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets
of Borrower; (b) any reorganization, consolidation, merger or other transaction involving Borrower where Borrower is not the
surviving entity; or (c) any transaction or series of related transactions in which any Person or group of two or more Persons
acting in concert shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, the power to control the management of Borrower, or to control the
equity interests of Borrower entitled to vote for members of the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of Borrower on a
fully- diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such Person or Persons have the right to acquire pursuant to
any option right) representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of such securities (other than in connection with a public
offering or a sale to recognized venture capital investors in a transaction or series of transactions effected by Borrower for
financing purposes, so long as Borrower identifies to Agent and each Lender the venture capital investors prior to the closing of
the transaction and provides Agent and each Lender with a description of the material terms of such transaction).

24

Chattel
Paper means any chattel paper, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired
by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Closing
Date means the date of this Agreement.

Collateral
means all of Borrowers right, title and interest in and to the following property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired
and wherever located: (a) all Receivables; (b) all Equipment; (c) all Fixtures; (d) all General Intangibles; (e) all
Inventory; (f) all Investment Property; (g) all Deposit Accounts; (h) all Shares; (i) all other Goods and personal
property of Borrower, whether tangible or intangible and whether now or hereafter owned or existing, leased, consigned by or to, or acquired
by, Borrower and wherever located; (j) all Records; and (k) all Proceeds of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions
and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of each of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing the term
Collateral shall not include: (i) more than sixty-five percent (65%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership
units or other securities entitled to vote owned or held of record by Borrower in any Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation
(as defined in the Internal Revenue Code), provided that the Collateral shall include one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding
non-voting capital stock of such Subsidiary; (ii) Intellectual Property, (iii) any contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper
in which Borrower has any right, title or interest if and to the extent such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper includes a provision
containing a restriction on assignment such that the creation of a security interest

in the right, title or interest of Borrower
therein would be prohibited and would, in and of itself, cause or result in a default thereunder enabling another person party to such
contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper to enforce any remedy with respect thereto; provided, however, that the foregoing exclusion
shall not apply if (A) such prohibition has been waived or such other person has otherwise consented to the creation hereunder of
a security interest in such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper, or (B) such prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant
to Sections 9- 407(a) or 9-408(a) of the UCC, as applicable and as then in effect in any relevant jurisdiction, or any other
applicable law (including the Bankruptcy Code or principles of equity); provided, further, that immediately upon the ineffectiveness,
lapse or termination of any such provision, the term Collateral shall include, and Borrower shall be deemed to have granted
a security interest in, all its rights, title and interests in and to such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper as if such provision
had never been in effect; and provided further that the foregoing exclusion shall in no way be construed so as to limit, impair or otherwise
affect Agents unconditional continuing security interest in and to all rights, title and interests of Borrower in or to any payment
obligations or other rights to receive monies due or to become due under any such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper and in any
such monies and other proceeds of such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper; (iv) any property (including any accessions, additions,
replacements or substitutions) subject to a Permitted Lien under clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Lien if the Borrower is
prohibited from granting a security interest in such property, provided, that immediately upon the lapse or termination of any such provision,
the term Collateral shall include, and Borrower shall be deemed to have granted a security interest in, all its rights,
title and interests in and to such property; or (v) any Excluded Account (clauses (i) through (iv), Excluded Property);
and provided, further, that Borrower has agreed not to consensually encumber any of its Intellectual Property.

Commercialization
means Borrower has received FDA approval of [***] for commercialization in the United States and has provided reasonably satisfactory
evidence to Agent of same.

Commitment
means the obligation of each Lender to make Loans to Borrower up to the aggregate principal amount set forth in the Supplement.

Copyright
License means any written agreement granting any right to use any Copyright or Copyright registration now owned
or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

25

Copyrights
means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires
any interest: (i) all copyrights, whether registered or unregistered, held pursuant to the laws of the United States, any State thereof
or of any other country; (ii) all registrations, applications and recordings in the United States Copyright Office or in any similar
office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country; (iii) all continuations, renewals or extensions thereof;
and (iv) any registrations to be issued under any pending applications.

Default
means an event which with the giving of notice, passage of time, or both would constitute an Event of Default.

Default
Rate means the lesser of (a) the applicable Designated Rate plus five percent (5%) per annum and
(b) the highest rate permitted by law from time to time.

Deposit
Accounts means any deposit accounts, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired
by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Designated
Rate means the rate of interest per annum described in the Supplement as being applicable to an outstanding Loan
from time to time.

Documents
means any documents, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which
Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Dollars
or $ means lawful currency of the United States.

[***]
Loan Agreement means that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of [***], by and between Parent and [***],
as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time.

[***]Subordinated
Debt means the subordinated Indebtedness owing by Parent to [***] pursuant to the [***].

Environmental
Laws means all federal, state or local laws, statutes, common law duties, rules, regulations, ordinances and codes,
together with all administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any
governmental authorities, in each case relating to environmental, health, or safety matters.

26

Equipment
means any equipment, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which
Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and any and all additions, substitutions and replacements of any of the foregoing,
wherever located, together with all attachments, components, parts, equipment and accessories installed thereon or affixed thereto.

Equity
Grant has the meaning specified in the Supplement.

Event
of Default has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

FDA
means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any successor thereto.

Fixtures
means any fixtures, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which
Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Excluded
Account has the meaning specified in Section 6.11.

Excluded
Property has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles and practices consistent with those principles and practices promulgated or
adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, their respective
predecessors and successors. Each accounting term used but not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the meaning given it by GAAP.

General
Intangibles means any general intangibles, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter
acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and, in any event, shall include, without limitation,
all right, title and interest that Borrower may now or hereafter have in or under any contract, all customer lists, Copyrights, Trademarks,
Patents, websites, domain names, and all applications therefor and reissues, extensions, or renewals thereof, other items of, and rights
to, Intellectual Property, interests in partnerships, joint ventures and other business associations, Licenses, permits, trade secrets,
proprietary or confidential information, inventions (whether or not patented or patentable), technical information, procedures, designs,
knowledge, know-how, software, data bases, data, skill, expertise, recipes, experience, processes, models, drawings, materials and records,
goodwill (including, without limitation, the goodwill associated with any Trademark, Trademark registration or Trademark licensed under
any Trademark License), claims in or under insurance policies, including unearned premiums, uncertificated securities, money, cash or
cash equivalents, deposit, checking and other bank accounts, rights to sue for past, present and future infringement of Copyrights, Trademarks
and Patents, rights to receive tax refunds and other payments and rights of indemnification.

27

Goods
means any goods, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which
Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

[***]
means [***].

Indebtedness
of any Person means at any date, without duplication and without regard to whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent:
(i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes, or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services,
except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee under capital
leases; (v) all obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter
of credit, bankers acceptance, or similar instrument, whether drawn or undrawn; (vi) all obligations of such Person to purchase
securities which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities; (vii) all mandatory
obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, exchange, convert or otherwise acquire for value any capital stock of such Person or
any warrants, rights or options to acquire such capital stock, now or hereafter outstanding, prior to the date that is ninety one (91)
days following the maturity of Obligations under this Agreement, in each case, except to the extent that such obligations remain performable
solely at the option of such Person; (viii) all obligations to repurchase assets previously sold (including any obligation to repurchase
any accounts or chattel paper under any factoring, receivables purchase, or similar arrangement); (ix) obligations of such Person under
interest rate swap, cap, collar or similar hedging arrangements; and (x) all obligations of others of any type described in clause
(i) through clause (ix) above guaranteed by such Person.

Insolvency
Proceeding means with respect to a Person (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other governmental
authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors
with respect to such Person, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors,
or other, similar arrangement in respect of such Persons creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, undertaken
under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code, but in each case, excluding any avoidance or similar action against
such Person commenced by an assignee for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy trustee, debtor in possession, or other representative of
another Person or such other Persons estate.

Instruments
means any instrument, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which
Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Intellectual
Property means all of Borrowers Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, Licenses, trade secrets, source codes, customer
lists, proprietary or confidential information, inventions (whether or not patented or patentable), technical information, procedures,
designs, knowledge, know-how, software, data bases, skill, expertise, experience, processes, models, drawings, materials, records and
goodwill associated with the foregoing.

Inventory means
any inventory, as such term is defined in the UCC, wherever located, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in
which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest, and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, all inventory,
goods and other personal property that are held by or on behalf of Borrower for sale or lease or are furnished or are to be
furnished under a contract of service or that constitute raw materials, work in process or materials used or consumed or to be used
or consumed in Borrowers business, or the processing, packaging, promotion, delivery or shipping of the same, and all
finished goods, whether or not the same is in transit or in the constructive, actual or exclusive possession of Borrower or is held
by others for Borrowers account, including, without limitation, all goods covered by purchase orders and contracts with
suppliers and all goods billed and held by suppliers and all such property that may be in the possession or custody of any carriers,
forwarding agents, truckers, warehousemen, vendors, selling agents or other Persons.

28

Investment
Property means any investment property, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter
acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Letter
of Credit Rights means any letter of credit rights, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned
or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest, including any right to payment under
any letter of credit.

License
means any Copyright License, Patent License, Trademark License or other license of rights or interests now held or hereafter
acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and any renewals or extensions thereof.

Lien
means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, security interest, encumbrance, levy, lien
or charge of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise, against any property, any conditional
sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature of a security interest, and the filing of any financing statement (other
than a precautionary financing statement with respect to a lease that is not in the nature of a security interest) under the UCC or comparable
law of any jurisdiction.

Loan
means an extension of credit by each Lender under this Agreement.

Loan
Documents means, individually and collectively, this Loan and Security Agreement, each Supplement, each Note, and
any other security or pledge agreement(s), any Account Control Agreement and all other contracts, instruments, addenda and documents executed
in connection with this Agreement or the extensions of credit which are the subject of this Agreement.

Material
Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change means (a) a material adverse change in,
or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, or financial condition of Borrower; (b) a material impairment
of the ability of Borrower to perform under any Loan Document; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding
effect or enforceability against Borrower of any Loan Document.

Note
means a promissory note substantially in the form attached to the Supplement as Exhibit A, executed
by Borrower evidencing each Loan.

Obligations
means all debts, obligations and liabilities of Borrower to each Lender or Agent now or hereafter made, incurred or created
under, pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Equity
Grant and any warrants to purchase or other agreements pertaining to stock), whether voluntary or involuntary and however arising or evidenced,
whether direct or acquired by such Lender or Agent by assignment or succession, whether due or not due, absolute or contingent, liquidated
or unliquidated, determined or undetermined, and whether Borrower may be liable individually or jointly, or whether recovery upon such
debt may be or become barred by any statute of limitations or otherwise unenforceable; and all renewals, extensions and modifications
thereof; and all reasonable documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and costs incurred by Lenders and Agent in connection with
the collection and enforcement thereof as provided for in any such Loan.

Ocugen
India means Ocugen India Private Limited, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent and incorporated in India.

Ocugen
Ireland means Ocugen Limited, a wholly- owned Subsidiary of Parent and a company incorporated under the laws of
Ireland.

Opco
means Ocugen OpCo, Inc., a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent and Delaware corporation.

Patent
License means any written agreement granting any right with respect to any invention on which a Patent is in existence
now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Patents means
all of the following property now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any
interest: (a) all letters patent of, or rights corresponding thereto in, the United States or any other country, all
registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent of, or rights corresponding thereto in, the United
States or any other country, including, without limitation, registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country; (b) all
reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof; (c) all petty patents, divisionals, and patents of
addition; and (d) all patents to be issued under any such applications.

29

Permitted
Indebtedness means:

(a) Indebtedness
incurred for the acquisition of supplies, inventory or other property or services on normal trade credit;

(b) Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to one or more transactions permitted under Section 6.4;

(c) Indebtedness
of Borrower or any guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;

(d) Subordinated
Debt; provided that the outstanding principal amount of the EB5 Subordinated Debt shall not exceed Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
($2,500,000) at any time;

(e) any Indebtedness shown on Schedule 6.1;

(f) Indebtedness
secured by a Lien described in clause (c) of the defined term Permitted Liens not to exceed Three Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($350,000) or such greater amount as Agent shall consent to in writing in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time;

(g) Indebtedness
incurred under corporate credit cards not to exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) in aggregate principal amount outstanding
at any time;

(h) guaranties
and similar surety obligations in respect of Indebtedness otherwise constituting Permitted Indebtedness;

(i) to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, Permitted Investments;

(j) any
Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of business;

(k) Indebtedness
in respect of Personal Property Leases in an aggregate amount not to exceed [***]Dollars ($[***]) in any calendar year;

(l) Indebtedness
in respect of letters of credit securing real estate leases and other obligations in the ordinary course of business;

(m) Indebtedness
arising from the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business in an amount not to exceed Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000);

(n) workers
compensation claims, disability, health and other employee benefits and self-insurance obligations or other employee benefits or property,
casualty or liability insurance pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the
ordinary course of business;

(o) Indebtedness
owed to any Person (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances or similar instruments issued for
the benefit of such Person) providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty
or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary
course of business;

(p) to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, transfer pricing, cost plus or similar arrangements with Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business;

(q) Indebtedness
in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary
course of business;

(r) to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations in respect of netting services or overdraft protection or otherwise in connection with
deposit or securities accounts in the ordinary course of business;

(s) to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, Personal Property Leases incurred in accordance with Section 6.15;

(t) other
Indebtedness not otherwise permitted hereunder not to exceed [***]Dollars ($[***]); and

(u) extensions,
refinancings and renewals of any of the foregoing; provided that the principal amount thereof is not increased.

Permitted
Investment means:

(a) accounts
receivable in the ordinary course of Borrowers business;

30

(b) Investments
in domestic certificates of deposit issued by, and other domestic investments with, financial institutions organized under the laws of
the United States or a state thereof, having at least [***] Dollars ($[***]) in capital and a rating of at least investment grade
or A by Moodys or any successor rating agency;

(c) Investments
in marketable obligations of the United States of America and in open market commercial paper given the highest credit rating by a national
credit agency and maturing not more than one year from the creation thereof;

(d) temporary
advances to cover incidental expenses to be incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(e) Investments
in joint ventures, strategic alliances, licensing and similar arrangements customary in Borrowers industry and which do not require
Borrower to assume or otherwise become liable for the obligations of any third party not directly related to or arising out of such arrangement
or, without the prior written consent of Agent and each Lender, require Borrower to transfer ownership of non-cash assets to such joint
venture or other entity;

(f) Investments
in (i) one or more wholly- owned domestic Subsidiaries of Borrower, so long as in accordance with Section 6.14(a) of
this Agreement, each such Person has been made a co-borrower hereunder or has executed and delivered to Agent an agreement, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, containing a guaranty of the Obligations, and (ii) one or more wholly-owned
foreign Subsidiaries of Parent (A) to finance bona fide estimated operating costs of any such Subsidiary (such as, but not
limited to, payroll and rent expense) so long as (I) the aggregate amount of any such Investment made by the Loan Parties to or
in any such Subsidiary does not exceed the bona fide estimated operating costs of such Subsidiary for the three months following the
date of such Investment, and (II) after giving effect to such Investment, such Subsidiary is in compliance with
Section 6.14(d), and (B) otherwise in an amount not to exceed (I) (x) with respect to [***], [***]Dollars
($[***]) or such greater amount as Agent shall consent to in advance in writing in the aggregate in any fiscal year and
(y) with respect to any other foreign Subsidiary, [***]Dollars ($[***]) or such greater amount as Agent shall consent to in
advance in writing in the aggregate in any fiscal year and (II) after Commercialization, the greater of (x) the amounts
contemplated by the preceding subclause (I) and (y) [***]Dollars ($[***]) or such greater amount as Agent shall consent to
in writing in the aggregate in any fiscal year;

31

(g) Investments shown on Schedule 6.6;

(h) Investments
accepted in connection with Transfers permitted by Section 6.5;

(i) non-cash
loans approved by Borrowers Board of Directors to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities
of Borrower pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrowers Board of Directors, limited to an aggregate
total of [***]Dollars ($[***]) at any time outstanding;

(j) Investments
(including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement
of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of Borrowers business;

(k) Investments
approved by Agent and each Lender prior to the Closing Date as shown on Schedule 6.6;

(l) Investments
consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions to, customers and suppliers in the ordinary course
of business;

(m) Investments
by wholly owned Subsidiaries which are not co-borrowers hereunder in other wholly owned Subsidiaries or in Borrower;

(n) money
market accounts subject to an Account Control Agreement (other than to the extent constituting Excluded Accounts);

(o) any
investments permitted by Borrowers investment policy, as amended from time to time, provided that such investment policy (and any
amendment thereto) has been approved by Borrowers Board of Directors and furnished to Agent;

(p) deposit
and investment accounts of Borrower or its Subsidiaries;

(q) other
Investments not otherwise permitted hereunder not to exceed [***]Dollars ($[***]); and

32

(r) Investments
consisting of the formation and ownership of equity interests in Subsidiaries, in each case so long as such formation and ownership is
in accordance with the terms of Section 6.14 hereof.

Permitted
Lien means:

(a) involuntary
Liens which, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect and which in any event would not exceed, in the aggregate, the
Threshold Amount;

(b) Liens
for current taxes or other governmental or regulatory assessments which are not delinquent, or which are contested in good faith by the
appropriate procedures and for which appropriate reserves are maintained;

(c) security
interests on any property held or acquired by Borrower in the ordinary course of business securing Indebtedness incurred or assumed for
the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring such property; provided, that such Lien attaches solely to the
property acquired with such Indebtedness and the proceeds thereof and that the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed one
hundred percent (100%) of the cost of such property;

(d) Liens in favor of Agent;

(e) bankers
liens, rights of setoff and similar Liens incurred on deposits made in the ordinary course of business as long as an Account Control Agreement
(or equivalent) for each account in which such deposits are held in a form reasonably acceptable to Agent has been executed and delivered
to Agent to the extent required under Section 6.11;

(f) materialmens,
mechanics, repairmens, warehousemens, carriers, landlords (subject to Section 5.9(e) hereof),
employees or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and which are not delinquent for more than 45 days or
are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;

(g) any
judgment, attachment or similar Lien, that does not constitute an Event of Default;

(h) licenses
or sublicenses of Intellectual Property in accordance with the terms of Section 6.5 hereof;

(i) Liens securing Subordinated Debt;

(j) Liens shown on Schedule 6.2 hereto;

(k) the
interests of licensors under inbound licenses to Borrower;

(l) the
interests of sub-lessees under subleases of real property;

(m) Liens
to secure payment of workers compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions, social security and other like obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA);

(n) deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for Indebtedness), leases (other than capital lease obligations), statutory
obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature arising as a matter of law and incurred
in the ordinary course of business;

(o) zoning
restrictions, easements, rights of way, restrictions on use of real property and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course
of business which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not materially detract from the value of the property subject
thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

(p) security deposits securing real estate leases;

(q) pledges
and deposits securing letters of credit and corporate credit cards;

(r) Liens
on insurance proceeds in favor of insurance companies granted solely as security for financed premiums granted in the ordinary course
of business;

(s) Liens
arising from the filing of any precautionary financing statement on operating leases covering the leased property, to the extent such
operating leases are permitted under this Agreement; and

(t) Liens
not otherwise permitted securing Indebtedness not to exceed [***]Dollars ($[***]) outstanding; and

(u) Liens
incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of indebtedness secured by Liens descried in (a) through (t) above, but
any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount
of the indebtedness may not increase.

33

Person
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation,
limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, other entity or government (whether federal, state, county, city,
municipal, local, foreign, or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof).

Proceeds
means proceeds, as such term is defined in the UCC and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, (a) any
and all Accounts, Chattel Paper, Instruments, cash or other forms of money or currency or other proceeds payable to Borrower from
time to time in respect of the Collateral, (b) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to
Borrower from time to time with respect to any of the Collateral, (c) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and
payable to Borrower from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or
any part of the Collateral by any governmental authority (or any Person acting under color of governmental authority), (d) any claim
of Borrower against third parties (i) for past, present or future infringement of any Copyright, Patent or Patent License or (ii) for
past, present or future infringement or dilution of any Trademark or Trademark License or for injury to the goodwill associated with any
Trademark, Trademark registration or Trademark licensed under any Trademark License and (e) any and all other amounts from time to
time paid or payable under or in connection with any of the Collateral.

Receivables
means all of Borrowers Accounts, Instruments, Documents, Chattel Paper, Supporting Obligations, and letters of
credit and Letter of Credit Rights.

Records
means all Borrowers computer programs, software, hardware, source codes and data processing information, all written
documents, books, invoices, ledger sheets, financial information and statements, and all other writings concerning Borrowers business.

Related
Person means any Affiliate of Borrower, or any officer, employee, director or equity security holder of Borrower
or any Affiliate.

Required
Lenders means the Lenders holding at least sixty six percent (66%) of the aggregate principal balance of the Loans.

Rights
to Payment means all Borrowers accounts, instruments, contract rights, documents, chattel paper and all other
rights to payment, including, without limitation, the Accounts, all negotiable certificates of deposit and all rights to payment under
any Patent License, any Trademark License, or any commercial or standby letter of credit.

SEC shall
mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority.

Security
Documents means this Loan and Security Agreement, the Supplement hereto, and any and all Account Control Agreements,
collateral assignments, chattel mortgages, financing statements, amendments to any of the foregoing and other documents from time to time
executed or filed to create, perfect or maintain the perfection of Agents Liens on the Collateral.

Shares
means: (a) one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities
owned or held of record by Borrower in any Subsidiary that is not a controlled foreign corporation (as defined in the Internal Revenue
Code), and (b) 65% of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities entitled to vote owned or held
of record by Borrower in any Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code).

Subordinated
Debt means (i) the [***] up to an aggregate principal amount of [***] Dollars ($[***]); (ii) Indebtedness
(a) approved by Required Lenders; and (b) where the holders right to payment of such Indebtedness, the priority of any
Lien securing the same, and the rights of the holder thereof to enforce remedies against Borrower following default have been made subordinate
to the Liens of Agent and to the prior payment to each Lender of the Obligations, either (A) pursuant to a written subordination
agreement approved by Required Lenders in their sole but reasonable discretion or (B) on terms otherwise approved by Required Lenders
in their sole but reasonable discretion.

Subsidiary
means any Person a majority of the equity ownership or voting stock of which is directly or indirectly now owned or hereafter
acquired by Borrower or by one or more other Subsidiaries.

Supplement means
that certain supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, and any other
supplements entered into between Borrower, Agent and each Lender, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time.

34

Supporting
Obligations means any supporting obligations, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter
acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Termination
Date has the meaning specified in the Supplement.

Threshold
Amount has the meaning specified in the Supplement.

Trademark
License means any written agreement granting any right to use any Trademark or Trademark registration now owned
or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest.

Trademarks
means all of the following property now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter
acquires any interest:

(a)
all trademarks, tradenames, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business
identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like
nature, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and any applications in connection
therewith, including, without limitation, registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark
Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision
thereof and

(b) reissues, extensions or renewals thereof.

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the State of California; provided,
that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies
with respect to, Agents Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction
other than the State of California, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such
other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and for
purposes of definitions related to such provisions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms that are defined in the UCC and used herein
shall have the meanings given to them in the UCC.

[Signature page to Loan and Security Agreement]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.

BORROWER: 

OCUGEN, INC. 

By: /s/ Shankar Musunuri 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

OCUGEN OPCO, INC. 

By: /s/ Shankar Musunuri 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to Loan and Security
Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

AGENT: 

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P. 

By: Avenue Capital Management II GenPar, LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ Sonia Gardner 

Name: Sonia Gardner 

Title: Member 

LENDERS: 

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P. 

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities Partners, LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ Sonia Gardner 

Name: Sonia Gardner 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P. 

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities Partners II, LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ Sonia Gardner 

Name: Sonia Gardner 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

Schedules to

Loan and Security Agreement

dated as of November 6, 2024

among

OCUGEN, INC.

OCUGEN
OPCO, INC.

and

Avenue Capital Management
II, L.P., as Agent

and

the Lenders from time to time party thereto

Schedule of Exceptions

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm255898d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS
DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [***], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO REGULATION

S-K, ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv). SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION IS NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE

REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

SUPPLEMENT

to the

Loan and Security Agreement

dated as of November 6, 2024

among

OCUGEN, INC.

(Parent),

OCUGEN OPCO, INC.,

a Delaware corporation,

(Opco; and together with Parent, jointly and severally, individually and collectively, Borrower),

and

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership,

as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity Agent)

and

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P. II,

a Delaware limited partnership (Avenue 2), as a lender

and

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership (Avenue), as a lender

(together with Avenue 2, each a Lender and collectively, Lenders)

This is a Supplement identified in the document
entitled Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented and modified from time to
time, the Loan and Security Agreement), by and among Borrower, Lenders and Agent. All capitalized terms used in
this Supplement and not otherwise defined in this Supplement have the meanings ascribed to them in Article 10 of the Loan and Security
Agreement, which is incorporated in its entirety into this Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the
Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, this Supplement is controlling.

In addition to the provisions of the Loan and
Security Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

Part 1 - Additional
Definitions:

Affiliate
means each Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For purpose
of this definition, control and related words are used as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (together with the Regulations promulgated thereunder). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender
and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall not be considered Affiliates
of each other.

Amortization Period
means the period commencing on the first day of the first full calendar month following the Interest-only Period and continuing until
the Maturity Date.

Commitment
means, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, Lenders commitment
to make Growth Capital Loans to Borrower up to an aggregate original principal amount of Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000), with Six
Million Dollars ($6,000,000) funded by Avenue and Twenty Four Million Dollars ($24,000,000) funded by Avenue 2 on the Closing Date.

Designated Rate
means, for each Growth Capital Loan, a variable rate of interest per annum equal to the greater of (A) the Prime Rate plus four
and one quarter percent (4.25%) and (B) twelve and one quarter percent (12.25%). Changes to the Designated Rate based on changes
to the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the next scheduled interest payment date immediately following such change.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Final Payment
means a payment (in addition to and not a substitution for the regular monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest) equal
to One Million Two Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($1,275,000).

Growth Capital
Loan means any Loan requested by Borrower and funded by a Lender under its Commitment for working capital and general corporate
purposes of Borrower.

Interest-only Period
means the period commencing on the Closing Date and continuing until the earlier of (i) the twenty four (24) month anniversary
of the Closing Date and (ii) receipt of notice from Agent after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
that is continuing.

Loan or
Loans mean, as the context may require, individually a Growth Capital Loan, and collectively, the Growth Capital
Loans.

Loan Commencement
Date means, with respect to each Growth Capital Loan: (a) the first day of the first full calendar month following the
Borrowing Date of such Loan if such Borrowing Date is not the first day of a month; or (b) the same day as the Borrowing Date if
the Borrowing Date is the first day of a month.

Market Price
means the 1-day VWAP, as calculated on the date of issuance.

Maturity Date
means November 1, 2028.

Prepayment Fee
means, with respect to any prepayment of the Loans:

(i) if
the prepayment occurs during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on (and including) the one-year anniversary of the
Closing Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans prepaid multiplied by three percent (3.00%);

(ii) if
the prepayment occurs during the period commencing on the day immediately following the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date and
ending on (and including) the two-year anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans prepaid
multiplied by two percent (2.00%);

(iii) if
the prepayment occurs at any time after the date immediately following the two-year anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on (and
including) the three-year anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans prepaid multiplied by
one percent (1.00%); and

(iv) if
the prepayment occurs at any time after the date immediately following the three-year anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the
Maturity Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans prepaid multiplied by one-half percent (0.50%).

Prime Rate
is the rate of interest per annum from time to time published in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal or any successor
publication thereto as the prime rate then in effect; provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than zero,
such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Supplement; and provided further that if such rate of interest, as set forth
from time to time in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal, becomes unavailable for any reason as determined by Agent, the
Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest per annum announced by Wells Fargo Bank as its prime rate in effect at
its principal office in the State of California (such announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged
by such institution in connection with extensions of credit to debtors); provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than
zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Supplement.

Principal Trading
Market for any Security, means the principal Trading Market for such Security, as listed in the applicable offering documents
for such Security. The Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Termination Date
means the date Lender may terminate making Growth Capital Loans or extending other credit pursuant to the rights of Lender under
Article 7 of the Loan and Security Agreement.

Threshold Amount
means Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000).

Trading Day
means a day on which the Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is open for trading; provided, that, if the Common Stock does
not trade on any Trading Market, Trading Day shall mean Business Day.

Part 2 - Additional
Covenants and Conditions:

1. Growth
Capital Loan Facility. Subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent specified in Sections 4.1 and Section 4.2 of the
Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, each Lender agrees to make Growth Capital Loans to Borrower on the Closing Date in an
aggregate, original principal amount up to, but not exceeding, such Lenders Commitment.

(a) Minimum
Funding Amount. The Growth Capital Loans shall be funded on the Closing Date in the aggregate original principal amount of Thirty
Million Dollars ($30,000,000).

(b) Repayment
of Growth Capital Loans. Principal of, and interest on, each Growth Capital Loan shall be payable as follows: principal shall be
fully amortized over the Amortization Period in equal, monthly principal installments plus, in each case, unpaid interest thereon at
the Designated Rate, commencing after the Interest- only Period of interest-only installments at the Designated Rate. In particular,
on the Borrowing Date applicable to such Growth Capital Loan, Borrower shall pay to Agent (i) if the Borrowing Date is earlier than
the Loan Commencement Date, interest only at the Designated Rate, in advance, on the outstanding principal balance of the Growth Capital
Loan for the period from the Borrowing Date through the last day of the calendar month in which such Borrowing Date occurs (it being
understood that this clause (i) shall not apply in the case the Borrowing Date is on the same date as the Loan Commencement Date),
and (ii) the first (1st) interest-only installment at the Designated Rate, in advance, on the outstanding principal balance of the
Note evidencing such Loan for the ensuing month. Commencing on the first day of the second full month after the Borrowing Date and continuing
on the first day of each month during the Interest-only Period thereafter, Borrower shall pay to Agent interest only at the Designated
Rate, in advance, on the outstanding principal balance of the Loan evidenced by such Note for the ensuing month. Commencing on the first
day of the first full month after the end of the Interest-only Period, and continuing on the first day of each consecutive calendar month
thereafter, Borrower shall pay to Agent equal consecutive monthly principal installments in advance in an amount sufficient to fully
amortize the Loan evidenced by such Note over the Amortization Period, plus interest at the Designated Rate for such month. On the Maturity
Date, all principal and accrued but unpaid interest then remaining unpaid and the Final Payment shall be due and payable.

2. Prepayment.
The Growth Capital Loans may be prepaid as provided in this Section 2 only. Borrower may prepay all, but not less than all, outstanding
Growth Capital Loans in whole, but not in part, at any time upon no less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice
to Agent, by tendering to each Lender a cash payment in respect of such Loans in an amount determined by such Lender equal to the sum
of: (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Loans; (ii) the accrued and unpaid interest on such Loans as of
the date of prepayment; (iii) the Prepayment Fee; and (iv) the Final Payment; provided that, if a Lender has not yet exercised
its rights under Section 3(d) hereof, Borrower shall provide the Agent written notice of prepayment at least ten (10) days
in advance of the proposed prepayment date and each Lender shall have the option, with respect to the Conversion Option, to exercise
its rights pursuant to Section 3(d) hereof by delivering written notice to Borrower at least two (2) Business Days in
advance of the proposed prepayment date.

3. Equity
Grant and Right to Invest; Conversion Right.

(a) Equity
Grant. As additional consideration for the making of its Commitment, Lenders have earned and are entitled to receive immediately
upon the making of the Growth Capital Loan, an aggregate number of shares of Borrowers common stock purchasable by dividing (A) One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) by (b) the Market Price, to be allocated to each Lender in accordance with the pro rata Commitment
of each Lender (the Equity Grant).

(b) Equity
Grant General. The documentation of the Equity Grant shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Lender.

(c) Right
to Invest. Lenders shall have the right, in their respective discretion, but not the obligation, to invest an aggregate amount of
up to One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in equity securities of Borrower on the same terms, conditions, and pricing offered by Borrower
to any investor investing at such time, in connection with any offering of Borrowers equity securities during the term of the
Loan and Security Agreement; provided, however, (A) Borrower shall deliver written notice to Agent of any transaction involving
Borrowers equity securities at least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of such transaction; and (B) the terms
shall exclude a board or observer seat on the Borrowers Board of Directors, which may be offered to other investors at Borrowers
discretion, and any other terms that are not offered generally to all investors participating in such financing. With respect to any
at-the-market offering, this right shall be exercisable as of the same date of such agreement at the closing price of Borrowers
common stock on the date of such agreement.

(d) Conversion
Right. Lenders shall have the right, in their respective discretion, but not the obligation, at any time and from time to time, while
the Loan is outstanding, to convert an aggregate amount of up to Six Million Dollars ($6,000,000) of the principal amount of the outstanding
Growth Capital Loans (the Conversion Option) into Borrowers unrestricted, freely tradeable common stock (the
Common Stock) (subject to Section 8 of the Subscription Agreement) at a price per share equal to eighty percent
(80.00%) of the trading price of such share on the date of exercise of the Conversion Option (the price per share, the Conversion
Price; the exercise of such Conversion Option, a Conversion). The Conversion Option will be exercised
by such Lender delivering a written, signed conversion notice to the Borrower in accordance with this Section 3(d) which will
include (i) the date of which the conversion notice is given, (ii) a statement to the effect that the Lender is exercising
the Conversion Option, (iii) the amount in respect of which the Conversion Option is being exercised and the number of shares issued
and (iv) a date on which the allotment and issuance of the shares is to take place (the Notice of Conversion).

(e) Conversion
Limitations. Borrower shall not exercise the Conversion Option, and Lender shall not have the right to exercise the Conversion Option,
to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, Lender (together with Lenders
Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with Lender or any of the Lenders Affiliates, the Attribution
Parties) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing
sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Lender and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon Lenders exercise of the Conversion Option with respect to which such determination is being made,
but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal
amount of the outstanding Growth Capital Loans beneficially owned by Lender or any of its Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by Lender or any of its Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 3(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 3(e) applies,
the determination of whether Lender can exercise the Conversion Option (in relation to other securities owned by Lender together with
any Attribution Parties) shall be in the sole discretion of Lender, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be
Lenders determination of whether Lender may exercise the Conversion Option (in relation to other securities owned by Lender together
with any Attribution Parties) in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 3(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, Lender may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) Borrowers
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent
public announcement by Borrower, or (iii) a more recent written notice by Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of Lender, Borrower shall within two Trading Days
confirm orally and in writing to Lender the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Borrower, including the
Conversion Option, by Lender or its Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Conversion Option. Lender may
increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 3(e).

(f) Maximum
Issuance. Notwithstanding anything anywhere in the Loan Documents to the contrary, the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant
to the Equity Grant and the Conversion Right shall not exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which Borrower may issue
pursuant to the terms of this Loan and Security Agreement without breaching Borrowers obligations under the rules or regulations
of the Principal Trading Market (the number of shares which may be issued without violating such rules and regulations, the Exchange
Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that Borrower obtains the approval of its stockholders as required
by the applicable rules of the Principal Trading Market, including, but not limited to, Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635(b) and
5635(d), for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount or such approval is not required pursuant to the applicable
rules of the Principal Trading Market.

4. Commitment
Fee. Borrower shall pay to each Lender, in accordance with each Lenders respective Commitment, a commitment fee in the amount
of one percent (1.00%) of the total Commitment of such Lender, due and payable on the Closing Date, of which One Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($150,000) has been paid by Borrower to Avenue as an advance deposit prior to the date hereof. As an additional condition precedent
under Section 4.1 of the Loan and Security Agreement, each Lender shall have completed to its satisfaction its due diligence
review of Borrowers business and financial condition and prospects, and such Lenders pro rata share of the Commitment shall
have been approved (which condition shall be deemed satisfied upon the making of the Growth Capital Loan). If this condition is not satisfied,
the One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000) advance deposit previously paid by Borrower shall be refunded. Except as set forth
in this Section 4, the Commitment Fee is not refundable.

5. Documentation
Fee Payment. On the Closing Date, Borrower shall reimburse each Lender and Agent pursuant to Section 9.8(a) of the
Loan and Security Agreement for (i) its reasonable documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation and negotiation of the Loan Documents and (ii) Agents costs and filing fees related to perfection
of its Liens in the Collateral in any jurisdiction in which the same is located and confirming the priority of such Liens.

6. Account
Information

(a) Borrowers
Primary Operating Account (as of the Closing Date) and Wire Transfer Instructions:

Institution
Name: [***]

ABA
No.: [***]

Contact
Name: [***]

Phone
No.: [***]

E-mail: [***]

Account
Title: [***]

Account
No.: [***]

7. Debits
to Account for ACH Transfers. For purposes of Sections 2.2 and 5.10 of the Loan and Security Agreement, the Primary Operating Account
shall be the bank account set forth in Section 6 above, unless and until such account is changed in accordance with Section 5.10
of the Loan and Security Agreement. Borrower hereby agrees that the Growth Capital Loans will be advanced to the account specified above
and regularly scheduled payments of principal, interest and fees due to each Lender will be automatically debited by each Lender from
the same account. Borrower hereby confirms that the bank at which the Primary Operating Account is maintained uses that same ABA Number
for incoming wires transfers to the Primary Operating Account and outgoing ACH transfers from the Primary Operating Account.

Part 3 - Additional
Representations:

Borrower represents and warrants that as of the Closing Date:

a) Its chief executive office
is located at: 11 Great Valley Parkway, Malvern, PA 19355

b) In addition to its chief
executive office, the borrower maintains Equipment or Inventory with an aggregate value in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($250,000) per location at the following locations: 263 Great Valley Parkway, Malvern, PA 19355

c) [Reserved].

d) In addition to any locations
disclosed pursuant to the preceding clause (a) and (b), the borrower maintains non-duplicate Records with respect to Collateral
at the following locations: N/A

e) [Reserved].

f) Other
than its full corporate name, in the past five (5) years Borrower has conducted business using the following trade names or
fictitious business names: N/A

g) Its state corporation identification
number is: 

Parent: [***]

Opco: [***]

h) Its U.S. federal tax identification
number is: 

Parent: [***]

Opco: [***]

i) Other than Borrowers
Primary Operating Account identified in Section 6(a), Borrower maintains the following Deposit Accounts and investment accounts:

Bank
Name Account

Number Branch
Address Company/
Subsidiary Purpose
of 

Account Avg.
Balance

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

[***] [***] [***] [***] [***] [***]

Part 4 - Additional
Loan Documents:

Form of
Promissory Note Exhibit A

Form of Borrowing
Request Exhibit B

Form of Compliance
Certificate Exhibit C

[Remainder of this page intentionally
left blank; signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Supplement as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

OCUGEN, INC.

By: /s/
Shankar Musunuri

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

OCUGEN OPCO, INC.

By: /s/ Shankar
Musunuri

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notices: 11 Great Valley Parkway

Malvern, PA 19355

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Email:

[Signature page to
Supplement to Loan and Security Agreement]

AGENT:

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P.

By: Avenue Capital Management II GenPar,
LLC

Its: General Partner

By: /s/
Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Member

Address
for Notices: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Email: [***]

Phone [***]

LENDERS:

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities
Partners, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: /s/
Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Authorized Signatory

Address for Notices: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Email: [***]

Phone # [***]

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P.

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities
Partners II, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: /s/
Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Authorized Signatory

Address for Notices: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Email: [***]

Phone # [***]

[Signature page to
Supplement to Loan and Security Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE

Note No. X-XXX

$30,000,0001 November 6,
2024

The undersigned (Borrower)
promises to pay to the order of [AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.][AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P.]2,
a Delaware limited partnership (Lender), at such place as Lender may designate in writing, in lawful money of the
United States of America, the principal sum of Dollars
($),
with interest thereon from the date hereof until maturity, whether scheduled or accelerated, at a variable rate per annum equal to the
greater of (A) the Prime Rate plus four and one quarter percent (4.25%) and (B) twelve and one quarter percent (12.25%) (the
Designated Rate), according to the payment schedule described herein, except as otherwise provided herein. In addition,
on the Maturity Date, the Borrower promises to pay to the order of Lender (i) all principal and accrued interest then remaining
unpaid and (ii) the Final Payment (as defined in the Loan Agreement (as defined herein)).

This Note is one of the Notes referred to in,
and is entitled to all the benefits of, a Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024, among Borrower, Lender, the
other lender party thereto and Agent (as the same has been and may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the Loan
Agreement). Each capitalized term not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement. The
Loan Agreement contains provisions for the acceleration of the maturity of this Note upon the happening of certain stated events.

Principal of and interest on this Note shall
be payable as provided under Section 2 of Part 2 of the Supplement to the Loan Agreement.

This Note may be prepaid only as permitted under
Section 2 of Part 2 of the Supplement to the Loan Agreement.

Any unpaid payments of principal or interest
on this Note shall bear interest from their respective maturities, whether scheduled or accelerated, at a rate per annum equal to the
Default Rate, compounded monthly. Borrower shall pay such interest on demand.

Interest, charges and fees shall be calculated
for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year, which results in higher interest, charge or fee payments than if a 365-day year
were used. In no event shall Borrower be obligated to pay interest, charges or fees at a rate in excess of the highest rate permitted
by applicable law from time to time in effect.

If Borrower is late in making any scheduled payment
under this Note by more than five (5) days, Borrower agrees to pay a late charge of five percent (5%) of the installment
due, but not less than fifty dollars ($50) for any one such delinquent payment. This late charge may be charged by Lender for the purpose
of defraying the expenses incidental to the handling of such delinquent amounts. Borrower acknowledges that such late charge represents
a reasonable sum considering all of the circumstances existing on the date of this Note and represents a fair and reasonable estimate
of the costs that will be sustained by Lender due to the failure of Borrower to make timely payments. Borrower further agrees that proof
of actual damages would be costly and inconvenient. Such late charge shall be paid without prejudice to the right of Lender to collect
any other amounts provided to be paid or to declare a default under this Note or any of the other Loan Documents or from exercising any
other rights and remedies of Lender.

1 To be split pro rata according to each Lenders
commitment.

2 Borrower to provide a Note to each Lender.

1 

This Note shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, excluding those laws that direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

Borrowers execution and delivery of this
Note via electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com)
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Note and agreement to and acceptance of the terms hereof for all purposes.
The fact that this Note is executed, signed, stored or delivered electronically shall not prevent the assignment or transfer by Lender
of this Note pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement or the enforcement of the terms hereof. Physical possession of the original
of this Note or any paper copy thereof shall confer no special status to the bearer thereof. In no event shall an original ink-signed
paper copy of this Note be required for any exercise of Lenders rights hereunder.

OCUGEN, INC.

By: 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

OCUGEN OPCO, INC.

By: 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature page to
Promissory Note]

2 

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST

November 6, 2024

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P., as Agent

11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Re: OCUGEN, INC.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Loan and Security Agreement,
November 6, 2024 (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement; the capitalized terms
used herein as defined therein), among Avenue Capital Management II, L.P. (Agent), as administrative agent and collateral
agent (in such capacity, Agent), Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P., as a lender (Avenue), Avenue Venture
Opportunities Fund II, L.P. (Avenue 2 and together with Avenue, collectively, Lenders, and each a Lender),
and Ocugen, Inc. (Borrower).

The undersigned is theof
Borrower and hereby requests on behalf of Borrower a Loan under the Loan Agreement, as follows:

1. The
amount of the proposed Loan is Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000). The Borrowing Date of the proposed Loan is November [],
2024 (the Borrowing Date).

(a)3 On
the Borrowing Date,

(i) Avenue will wire $[]
less fees and expenses to be deducted on the Borrowing Date of (a) [$] in respect to the
Commitment Fee, of which $has been paid to Avenue prior to the date hereof, (b) $[]
in respect to the interest fee, and (c) $[] in respect to the legal fees for net proceeds
of $[], and

(ii) Avenue
2 will wire $[] less fees and expenses to be deducted on the Borrowing Date of (a) [$ ]
in respect to the Commitment Fee, of which [$] has been paid to Avenue 2 prior to the date hereof, (b) $[]
in respect to the interest fee, and (c) $[] in respect to the legal fees for net proceeds
of $[],

to Borrower pursuant to the following wire instructions:

Institution
Name: 

Address: 

3 Restricted Account wire instructions to be added.

1 

ABA
No.: 

Contact
Name: 

Phone
No.: 

E-mail: 

Account
Title: 

Account
No.: 

(b) 4On
the Borrowing Date, in connection with the payoff, i) Avenue will wire $[], and (ii) Avenue
2 will wire $[] to [] pursuant to the following wire
instructions:

Institution
Name: 

Address: 

ABA
No.: 

Contact
Name: 

Phone
No.: 

E-mail: 

Account
Title: 

Account
No.: 

(c) On
the Borrowing Date, i) Avenue will wire $[], and (ii) Avenue 2 will wire $[]
to Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP for fees and expenses pursuant to the following wire instructions:

Institution
Name: [***]

ABA
No.: [***]

Account
Title: [***]

Account
No.: [***]

Reference: [***]

Confirm
remittance: [***]

2. As
of this date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or will immediately result from the making of the proposed
Loan, subject to the Schedule of Exceptions, the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in Article 3 of the Loan Agreement
and Part 3 of the Supplement are true and correct in all material respects other than those representations and warranties expressly
referring to a specific date which are true and correct in all material respects as of such date, and the conditions precedent described
in Sections 4.1 and/or 4.2 of the Loan Agreement and Part 2 of the Supplement, as applicable, have been met.

3. No
event has occurred and is continuing that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

4. Borrowers
most recent financial statements, financial projections or business plan dated,
as reviewed by Borrowers Board of Directors, are enclosed herewith in the event such financial statements, financial projections
or business plan have not been previously provided to Agent.

4 To be completed with payoff wire instructions from payoff
letter.

2 

Borrower shall notify you promptly before the
funding of the Loan if any of the matters to which I have certified above shall not be true and correct on the Borrowing Date.

Very truly yours, 

OCUGEN, INC.

By: 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

OCUGEN OPCO, INC.

By: 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notices: 11 Great Valley Parkway

Malvern, PA 19355

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Email:

[Signature page to
Borrowing Request]

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P., as Agent 

11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Re: OCUGEN, INC.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2024 (as the same has been and may be supplemented, amended and modified from
time to time, the Loan Agreement, the capitalized terms used herein as defined therein), among Avenue Capital Management
II, L.P. (Agent), as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, Agent), Avenue
Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P., as a lender (Avenue), Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. (Avenue
2 and together with Avenue, collectively, Lenders, and each a Lender), and Ocugen, Inc.(Borrower).

The undersigned authorized
representative of Borrower hereby certifies in such capacity that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement,
(i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, except as has been disclosed in accordance with Section 5.1(c) of
the Loan Agreement or otherwise noted below, and (ii) Borrower is in compliance for the financial reporting period endingwith
all required financial reporting under the Loan Agreement, except as noted below. Attached herewith are the required documents supporting
the foregoing certification with respect to any, if any, applicable financial covenants. The undersigned authorized representative of
Borrower further certifies in such capacity that: (a) the accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
Borrowers past practices applied on a consistent basis, or in such manner as otherwise disclosed in writing to Agent, throughout
the periods indicated; and (b) the financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and operating
results of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, if any, as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein, subject to the absence of
footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments (in the case of interim monthly financial statements), except as explained below.

Please provide the following requested information
and

indicate compliance status by circling (or
otherwise indicating) Yes/No under Included/Complies:

REPORTING REQUIREMENT REQUIRED INCLUDED/COMPLIES

Balance Sheet, Income Statement & Cash Flow
Statement Monthly, within 30 days YES / NO / N/A

Operating Budgets As modified YES / NO / N/A

Annual Financial Statements Annually, within 90 days of fiscal year-end YES / NO / N/A

Board Packages As when delivered to Board of Directors YES / NO / N/A

Date of most recent Board-approved budget/plan 

Any change in budget/plan since
version most recently delivered to Agent YES
/ NO / N/A

If Yes, please attach

Date of most recent capitalization table: 

1 

EQUITY & CONVERTIBLE NOTE FINANCINGS

Please provide the following information (if applicable) regarding
Borrowers most-recent equity and/or convertible note financing each time this Certificate is delivered to Agent

Date of Last Round Raised: 

Has there been any new financing since the last
Compliance Certificate submitted? YES / NO

If YES please attach a copy of the Capitalization
Table

Date Closed: Series: 
Per Share Price:
$

Amount Raised:
Post
Money Valuation: 

Any stock splits since date of last report? YES / NO

If yes, please provide any information on stock splits which would
affect valuation:

Any dividends since date of last report? YES / NO

If yes, please provide any information on dividends which would
affect valuation:

Any unusual terms? (i.e., Anti-dilution, multiple
preference, etc.) YES / NO

If yes, please provide any information on dividends which would
affect valuation:

ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENTS

Pursuant to Section 6.11 of the Loan Agreement,
Borrower represents and warrants that: (i) as of the date hereof, it maintains only those deposit and investment accounts set forth
below; and (ii) to the extent required by Section 6.11 of the Loan Agreement, a control agreement has been executed and delivered
to Agent with respect to each such account [Note: If Borrower has established any new account(s) since the date of the last
compliance certificate, please so indicate].

Deposit Accounts5

Name of Institution Account Number Control
Agt. 

In place? Complies New

Account

1.) [] [] YES / NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

2.) YES / NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

5 Company: Please complete with existing
accounts.

2 

Investment Accounts

Name of Institution Account Number Control
Agt. 

In place? Complies New

Account

1.) None YES / NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

2.) YES / NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

3.) YES / NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

4.) YES / NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

AGREEMENTS WITH PERSONS IN POSSESSION OF TANGIBLE COLLATERAL

Pursuant to Section 5.9(e) of the Loan
Agreement, Borrower represents and warrants that: (i) as of the date hereof, tangible Collateral with a value in excess of Two Hundred
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) (other than mobile Equipment in the possession of Borrowers employees or agents or inventory
in transit) is located at the addresses set forth below; and (ii) to the extent required by Section 5.9(e) of the Loan
Agreement, a Waiver has been executed and delivered to Agent, or such Waiver has been waived by Agent, [Note: If Borrower has located
Collateral at any new location since the date of the last compliance certificate, please so indicate].

Location of
Collateral Value of Collateral
at such

Locations Waiver

In place? Complies? New

Location?

1.) $ YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

2.) $ YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

3.) $ YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

4.) $ YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

SUBSIDIARIES AND OTHER PERSONS

Pursuant to Section 6.14(a) of the
Loan Agreement, Borrower represents and warrants that since the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered to Agent: (i) as
of the date hereof, it has directly or indirectly acquired or created, or it intends to directly or indirectly acquire or create, each
Subsidiary or other Person described below; and (ii) if the acquisition has been consummated or Subsidiary created, to the extent
required by the Loan Agreement, such Subsidiary or Person has been made a co-borrower under the Loan Agreement or a guarantor of the
Obligations [Note: If Borrower has acquired or created any Subsidiary since the date of the last compliance certificate, please
so indicate].

Name: Jurisdiction
of 

formation or organization:6 Co-borrower

or guarantor? Complies? New 

Subsidiary

or Person?

1.) YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

2.) YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

3.) YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

4.) YES /
NO YES /
NO YES /
NO

6 Under the Explanations heading (see below)
please include a description of such Subsidiarys or Persons fully diluted capitalization and Borrowers purpose for
its acquisition or creation of such Subsidiary if such information has not been previously furnished to Agent.

3 

EXPLANATIONS

[Remainder of this page intentionally
left blank; signature page follows]

4 

Very truly yours,

OCUGEN, INC.

By: 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

OCUGEN OPCO, INC.

By: 

Name: Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature page to
Compliance Certificate]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ocgn-20241106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ocgn-20241106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ocgn-20241106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Nov. 06, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Nov. 06, 2024

Entity File Number 001-36751

Entity Registrant Name OCUGEN,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001372299

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-3522315

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 11 Great Valley Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Malvern

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19355

City Area Code 484

Local Phone Number 328-4701

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol OCGN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://deitaxonomy.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ocgn-20241106.xsd 
ocgn-20241106_lab.xml 
ocgn-20241106_pre.xml 
tm255898d1_8ka.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-010531-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm255898d1_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001372299 

2024-11-06 
2024-11-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001372299 
8-K/A 
2024-11-06 
OCUGEN, INC. 
DE 
001-36751 
04-3522315 
11 Great Valley Parkway 
Malvern 
PA 
19355 
484 
328-4701 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
OCGN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>