<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-000660.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-000660.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318172536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-000660
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			USA Rare Earth, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		25749704

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			STILLWATER
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-867-6155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			STILLWATER
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230322
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234841-8k_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000197062200019706222025-03-122025-03-120001970622USAR:CommonStockSharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-122025-03-120001970622USAR:WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-122025-03-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 18, 2025 (March 12, 2025)

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41711 98-1720278

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

100 W Airport Road, 

Stillwater, OK74075

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (813)-867-6155

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share USAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share USARW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE

Terms used in this Current
Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) but not defined herein, or for which definitions are not otherwise incorporated
by reference herein, shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as defined below) in the section entitled
Frequently Used Terms and such definitions are incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report incorporates
by reference certain information from reports and other documents that were previously filed with the SEC, including certain information
from the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this Current Report and the
information contained in such prior reports and documents incorporated by reference herein, the information in this Current Report controls.

Overview of Domestication

As previously announced,
USA Rare Earth, Inc. (New USARE) (formerly Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II or IPXX),
a Delaware corporation (prior to the Domestication, a Cayman Islands exempted company), entered into that certain Business
Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025, the Business
Combination Agreement), by and among IPXX, USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (USARE
OpCo), and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of IPXX
(Merger Sub), pursuant to which, (1) at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement (the Closing) and following the Domestication (as defined below), Merger Sub merged with
and into USARE (the Merger), with USARE surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New USARE, pursuant to
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, resulting in a combined company whereby New
USARE became the manager of USARE OpCo, and substantially all of the assets and the business of the combined company are held and
operated by USARE OpCo and its subsidiaries, as more fully described in the final prospectus and definitive proxy statement of IPXX,
dated February 14, 2025 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus), having been filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC); (2) IPXX domesticated (the Domestication) as a
Delaware corporation in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), the Companies Act (As
Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association of IPXX (as amended from time to time, the Cayman Constitutional Documents), and (3) the other
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and documents related thereto were consummated (such transactions,
together with the Merger and the Domestication, the Business Combination).

An extraordinary general meeting of IPXX shareholders was held on March
10, 2025 (the Extraordinary General Meeting), where the IPXX shareholders considered and approved, among other matters,
a proposal to approve the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. In connection with the Extraordinary
General Meeting, 128,140 holders of Class A Ordinary Shares (as defined below) exercised their right to redeem those shares for a pro
rata portion of the cash in the IPXX trust account, which equaled approximately $11.00 per share, for an aggregate of approximately $1.4
million.

On March 12, 2025, as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
and described in the section titled Proposal No. 1 The Business Combination Proposal, Proposal
No. 2 The Domestication Proposal and Proposal No. 3 the Organizational Documents Proposal
of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, IPXX filed a notice of deregistration with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, together with
the necessary accompanying documents, and filed a certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation)
and a certificate of corporate domestication with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, pursuant to which IPXX was domesticated
and continues as a Delaware corporation, changing its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Domestication).

1

Immediately prior to the Domestication,
pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, each of the then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of IPXX, par value $0.0001
per share (each, a Cayman Class B Share), converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a Class A ordinary
share of IPXX, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Class A Ordinary Share). As a result of and upon the effective
time of the Domestication, among other things, (1) each of the then issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares automatically converted,
on a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of New USARE (the New USARE Common Stock);
(2) each of the then issued and outstanding Public Warrants automatically became a warrant of New USARE exercisable for one share of New
USARE Common Stock on the same terms as the Public Warrants; (3) each unit of IPXX issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Domestication was automatically canceled and each holder received one share of New USARE Common Stock and one-half of one warrant of New
USARE exercisable for one share of New USARE Common Stock on the same terms as the Public Warrants, with any fractional warrants of New
USARE to be issued in connection with such separation rounded down to the nearest whole warrant; and (4) each of the then issued and outstanding
Private Placement Warrants automatically became a warrant of New USARE exercisable for one share of New USARE Common Stock on the same
terms as the Private Placement Warrants.

Item 3.03. Material Modification
to Rights of Security Holders.

The disclosure set forth in
the Introductory Note above is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference.

On March 12, 2025, in connection with the Domestication, IPXX filed the
Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and adopted its new bylaws (the Bylaws).
The material terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws, the general effect upon the rights of holders of IPXXs securities
and the terms of the New USARE Common Stock and warrants are discussed in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled The
Domestication Proposal, The Organizational Documents Proposals and Description of New USAREs
Securities, which are incorporated by reference herein.

2

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The disclosure set forth in
the Introductory Note and Item 3.03 of this Current Report is incorporated in this Item 5.03 by reference.

Copies of the Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws are attached as Exhibits 3.2 and 3.3 to this Current Report, respectively, and are incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

2.1 Plan of Domestication.

3.1 Certificate of Corporate Domestication of USA Rare Earth, Inc

3.2 Certificate of Incorporation of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

3.3 Bylaws of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 18, 2025 USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By: /s/ David Kronenfeld

Name: David Kronenefeld

Title: Chief Legal Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023484101ex2-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLAN OF DOMESTICATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

Execution Version

PLAN OF DOMESTICATION

This PLAN OF DOMESTICATION
(the Plan of Domestication) is made on March 12, 2025 and sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (IPXX), shall effect a domestication into a Delaware
corporation (the Domestication) to be known as USA Rare Earth, Inc., pursuant to Sections 265 and 388 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, IPXX is a
Cayman Islands exempted company duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands;

WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of IPXX (the Board) has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of IPXX that IPXX
be converted into and thereafter become, and continue to exist as, a corporation in accordance with Sections 265 and 388 of the DGCL;
and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 265(h) of the DGCL, the Board has duly approved, authorized, adopted, ratified and confirmed the Domestication pursuant to Sections
265 and 388 of the DGCL.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, IPXX agrees as follows:

1. Domestication.
Upon the Certificate of Domestication and the Certificate of Incorporation becoming effective under Section 103 of the DGCL (the Effective
Time), IPXX will be converted into a Delaware corporation, pursuant to Sections 265 and 388 of the DGCL, under the name USA
Rare Earth, Inc. (the Corporation) and will, for all purposes of the laws of the State of Delaware, be deemed
to be the same entity as IPXX. IPXX will not be required to wind up its affairs or pay its liabilities and distribute its assets, and
the Domestication will not be deemed to constitute a dissolution of IPXX and will constitute a continuation of the existence of IPXX in
the form of a Delaware corporation.

2. Effective Time.
IPXX shall file the Certificate of Domestication, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and the Certificate of Incorporation,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of Incorporation), with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to Sections 103 and 265 of the DGCL.

3. Conversion of Securities.
By virtue of the Domestication:

(a) each of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares of IPXX will convert automatically, on
a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock of the Corporation having the rights, powers and privileges, and the obligations, set
forth in the Certificate of Incorporation;

(b) each of the then issued and outstanding public warrants of IPXX will convert automatically into a public
warrant to acquire one share of the Corporations common stock, pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, between IPXX
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement);

(c) each of the then issued and outstanding private placement warrants of IPXX will convert automatically
into a private placement warrant to acquire one share of the Corporations common stock, pursuant to the Warrant Agreement; and

(d) each of the then issued and outstanding units of IPXX that have not been previously separated into the
underlying Class A ordinary shares and underlying public warrants of IPXX upon the request of the holder thereof, will be cancelled and
will entitle the holder thereof to one share of common stock of the Corporation and one-half of one public warrant to acquire one share
of common stock of the Corporation.

4. Tax Matters.
For United States federal income tax purposes, the Domestication is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and this Plan of Domestication is intended to constitute
a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a).

5. Governing Documents.
(i) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of IPXX (initially filed in accordance with the Companies Law of the Cayman
Islands) shall be canceled and the Memorandum and Amended and Restated Articles of Association of IPXX, adopted by special resolution
dated as of May 24, 2023 and effective as of May 24, 2023, as amended by special resolution dated as of November 18, 2024 and effective
as of November 18, 2024, as may be amended, modified or supplemented, shall be terminated and be of no further force or effect and (ii)
from and after the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, and the Bylaws
of the Corporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Bylaws), will govern the affairs
of the Corporation and the conduct of its business, until thereafter amended in accordance with the DGCL and their respective terms.

6. Board of Directors.
Each member of the Board as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be a director of the Corporation from and after the Effective
Time, each of whom shall serve as directors of the Corporation until such time as their respective successors have been duly elected and
qualified, or until such directors earlier removal, resignation, death or disability, in each case, in accordance with the DGCL,
the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws.

7. Officers. Each
officer of IPXX as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be an officer of the Corporation from and after the Effective Time,
and shall retain the same title with the Corporation from and after the Effective Time as he or she had with IPXX immediately prior to
the Effective Time, each of whom shall serve until such time as their respective successors have been designated by the board of directors,
or until such officers earlier removal, resignation, death or disability, in each case, in accordance with the DGCL, the Certificate
of Incorporation and the Bylaws.

8. Effects of Domestication.
Immediately upon the Effective Time, the Domestication shall have the effects set forth in Section 265(f) of the DGCL, including, without
limitation, all of the rights, privileges and powers of IPXX, and all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to IPXX, as
well as all other things and causes of action belonging to IPXX, will remain vested in the Corporation and will be the property of the
Corporation and the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise in IPXX will not revert or be in any way impaired by reason
of the DGCL. Following the Domestication, all rights of creditors and all liens upon any property of IPXX will be preserved unimpaired,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of IPXX will remain attached to the Corporation, and may be enforced against the Corporation to
the same extent as if said debts, liabilities and duties had originally been incurred or contracted by the Corporation. The rights, privileges,
powers and interests in property of IPXX as well as the debts, liabilities and duties of IPXX, will not be deemed, as a consequence of
the Domestication, to have been transferred to the Corporation for any purpose of the laws of the State of Delaware.

9. Further Assurances.
If at any time the Corporation, or its successors or assigns, shall consider or be advised that any further assignments or assurances
in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Plan of Domestication, IPXX and its directors and
authorized officers shall be deemed to have granted to the Corporation an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such
proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts necessary or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession
of such rights, properties or assets in the Corporation and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Plan of Domestication, and the
directors and authorized officers of the Corporation are fully authorized in the name of IPXX or otherwise to take any and all such action.

10. Amendment or Termination.
This Plan of Domestication may be amended or terminated at any time before the Effective Time by action of the Board.

11. Miscellaneous.
The provisions of this Plan of Domestication shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. This Plan of Domestication shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
including the DGCL, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provisions or rule (except to the extent that the laws
of the Cayman Islands govern the Domestication) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State
of Delaware. This Plan of Domestication may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all
of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

***

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Plan of Domestication has been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of IPXX as of the date first written above.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director 

[Signature Page to Plan
of Domestication]

Exhibit A

Certificate of Domestication

[intentionally omitted]

Exhibit B

Certificate of Incorporation

[intentionally omitted]

Exhibit C

Bylaws

[intentionally omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023484101ex3-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF CORPORATE DOMESTICATION OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

STATE OF DELAWARE

CERTIFICATE OF DOMESTICATION

FROM A NON-DELAWARE
CORPORATION

TO A DELAWARE CORPORATION

PURSUANT TO SECTION
388 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION
LAW

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, presently
a Cayman Islands exempted company, organized and existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Non-Delaware Corporation),
does hereby certify:

1) The Non-Delaware Corporation was
first formed on March 6, 2023.

2) The name under which the Non-Delaware
Corporation first formed was Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, and the jurisdiction where the Non-Delaware Corporation first formed
is the Cayman Islands.

3) The name of the Non-Delaware Corporation
immediately prior to filing this Certificate is Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

4) The jurisdiction that constituted
the seat, siege social, or principal place of business or central administration of the Non-Delaware Corporation or any other equivalent
thereto under applicable law, immediately prior to the filing of this Certificate is the Cayman Islands.

5) The name of the Corporation as
set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation is USA Rare Earth, Inc.

6) The domestication has been approved
in the manner provided for by the document, instrument, agreement or other writing, as the case may be, governing the internal affairs
of the Non-Delaware Corporation and the conduct of its business or by applicable non-Delaware law, as appropriate.

***

This Certificate of Incorporation shall be
effective on March 12, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).

[Signature on next
page.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned being
duly authorized to sign on behalf of the converting Non-Delaware Corporation has executed this Certificate on the 12th day
of March, 2025.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

a Cayman Islands company

/s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director

[Signature Page to Certificate of Domestication]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023484101ex3-2_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

* * * * *

ARTICLE I

NAME

The name of the Corporation
is USA Rare Earth, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT

The address of the registered
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1521 Concord Pike, Suite 201, Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware,
19803. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporate Creations Network Inc.

ARTICLE III

PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL STOCK

A. The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 800,000,000, which shall be divided
into two classes as follows:

750,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock); and

50,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock).

B. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions,
to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for one or more series of Preferred Stock and, with respect to each such series,
to fix the designation of such series, the powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional and other
special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series of Preferred Stock and the number of shares
of such series, which number the Board of Directors may, except where otherwise provided in the designation of such series, increase (but
not above the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then
outstanding) and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights
of, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each series of Preferred Stock, if any, may differ from those of any
and all other series at any time outstanding. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Certificate of Incorporation (including any
certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock), no vote of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock
shall be a prerequisite to the issuance of any shares of any series of the Preferred Stock so authorized in accordance with this Certificate
of Incorporation.

C. Each
holder of record of Common Stock, as such, shall have one vote for each share of Common Stock that is outstanding in his, her or its name
on the books of the Corporation on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally. The holders of shares of Common Stock
shall not have cumulative voting rights. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on
any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock)
that relates solely to the terms, number of shares, powers, designations, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other special
rights (including, without limitation, voting rights), or to qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of one or more outstanding
series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or
more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL.

D. Except
as otherwise required by law, holders of any series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to only such voting rights, if any, as shall
expressly be granted thereto by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to such series of
Preferred Stock).

E. Subject
to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of stock
having a preference over or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and other distributions
in cash, property or shares of stock of the Corporation, dividends and other distributions may be declared and paid ratably on the Common
Stock out of the assets of the Corporation that are legally available for this purpose at such times and in such amounts as the Board
of Directors in its discretion shall determine.

F. Upon
the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities
of the Corporation and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series
of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the distribution of assets of the
Corporation upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares held
by them.

G. The
number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof
then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto) on a one vote per share basis,
and no vote of the holders of any of the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor,
unless a vote of any such holder is required pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock).

2

ARTICLE V

AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
AND BYLAWS

A. In
addition to any vote required by applicable law or this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock), the amendment, alteration, repeal or rescission of, in whole or in part, or the adoption of any provision
inconsistent with, the following provisions in this Certificate of Incorporation shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least 66&frac23;% in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together
as a single class: this Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX and Article X(B).

B. The
Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind, in whole or in part, the bylaws of the Corporation
(as in effect from time to time, the Bylaws) without the assent or vote of the stockholders in any manner not inconsistent
with the laws of the State of Delaware or this Certificate of Incorporation. In addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series
of capital stock of the Corporation required by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to
any series of Preferred Stock), by the Bylaws or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power
of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required
in order for the stockholders of the Corporation to alter, amend, repeal or rescind, in whole or in part, any provision of the Bylaws
or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith.

ARTICLE VI

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A. Except
as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by
or under the direction of the Board of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors,
the number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time solely by resolution of the majority of the Board of Directors.
No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

B. Subject
to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, at each annual meeting of stockholders,
the directors of the Company shall be elected annually by stockholders and shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification or removal. 

3

C. Subject to the rights granted
to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly-created directorship on the Board of Directors
that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors (whether by death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause) shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less
than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by the stockholders). Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created
directorship shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified,
or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

D. Elections
of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide.

E. Pursuant
to the Bylaws, the Board of Directors may establish one or more committees to which may be delegated any or all of the powers and duties
of the Board of Directors to the full extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE VII

LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR AND OFFICER LIABILITY

A. To
the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, a director or officer of the Corporation shall
not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation
or its stockholders. If the DGCL is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability
of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest
extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended, automatically and without further action, upon the date of such amendment.

B. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses
to) directors, officers and agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation to provide
indemnification and advancement of expenses) through provisions of the Bylaws, agreements with such persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise. Any repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of
any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

C. Neither
the amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, nor, to the
fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any modification of law shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any right or protection
of a current or former director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification.

4

ARTICLE VIII

CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS IN LIEU OF MEETING,
ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

A. Any
action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting
of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders by such holders; provided, however,
that any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or separately as a
class with one or more other such series, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, to the extent expressly
so provided by the applicable certificate(s) of designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock.

B. Except
as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders
of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time only by or at the direction of the Chair of the Board of Directors
or by a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors that the Company would have if there
were no vacancies on the Board of Directors (the Whole Board), but such special meetings may not be called by stockholders
or any other Person or Persons.

C. An
annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before
the meeting, shall be held at such place, if any, on such date, and at such time as shall be fixed exclusively by resolution adopted by
the affirmative vote of the Whole Board or a duly authorized committee thereof.

ARTICLE IX

CERTAIN
STOCKHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS

A. In
recognition and anticipation that certain members of the Board who are not employees of the Corporation or a majority owned subsidiary
thereof (Non-Employee Directors) and their respective Affiliates or Affiliated Entities (each as defined below) may
now engage and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation,
directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions of this Article IX are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs
of the Corporation with respect to certain classes or categories of business opportunities as they may involve any of the Non-Employee
Directors or their respective Affiliates or Affiliated Entities and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Corporation and
its directors, officers and stockholders in connection therewith.

5

B. No
Non-Employee Director or his or her Affiliates or Affiliated Entities (the Persons (as defined below) being referred to, collectively,
as Identified Persons and, individually, as an Identified Person) shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, have any duty to refrain from directly or indirectly (1) engaging in the same or similar business activities or lines
of business in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates now engages or proposes to engage or (2) otherwise competing with the Corporation
or any of its Affiliates, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no Identified Person shall be liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such Identified
Person engages in any such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for an Identified
Person and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section C of this Article IX. Subject to Section C of this
Article IX, in the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which
may be a corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, such Identified Person shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or other business opportunity to the Corporation
or any of its Affiliates and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders or to
any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty as a stockholder or director of the Corporation solely by reason of
the fact that such Identified Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself, offers or directs
such corporate opportunity to another Person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation
or any Affiliate of the Corporation.

C. The
Corporation does not renounce its interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any Non-Employee Director if such opportunity is expressly
offered to such Person solely in his or her capacity as a director of the Corporation, and the provisions of Section B of this Article
IX shall not apply to any such corporate opportunity.

D. In
addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IX, a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed to be a potential
corporate opportunity for the Corporation if it is a business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is neither financially or legally able,
nor contractually permitted, to undertake, (ii) from its nature, is not in the line of the Corporations business or is of no practical
advantage to the Corporation or (iii) is one in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy.

E. Solely
for purposes of this Article IX, (i) Affiliate shall mean (1) in respect of a Non-Employee Director,
any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by such Non-Employee Director (other than the Corporation and any entity
that is controlled by the Corporation) and (2) in respect of the Corporation, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled
by the Corporation; (ii) Affiliated Entity shall mean (x) any Person of which a Non-Employee Director serves as an officer,
director, employee, agent or other representative (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation), (y)
any direct or indirect partner, stockholder, member, manager or other representative of such Person or (z) any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing; and (iii) Person shall mean any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, trust, association or any other entity.

F. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital
stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article IX.

6

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

A. If
any provision or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any
circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and
of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this
Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii)
to the fullest extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such
portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in
respect of their good faith service or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law.

B. Subject
to the last sentence of this Article X(B), unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction another state or federal court (as appropriate)
located within the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations
stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director
or officer of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as either
may be amended and/or restated from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America
will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities
laws of the United States of America, including the Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act of 1934.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to the provisions of this Article X(B).

7

ARTICLE XI

INCORPORATOR

A. The
name and mailing address of the sole incorporator is as follows:

Michael Blitzer 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

B. The
powers of the incorporator are to terminate upon the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware. The names and mailing addresses of the persons who are to serve as the directors of the Corporation until the first annual
meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation,
retirement, or removal from office, are as follows:

Michael Blitzer 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Nicholas Shekerdemian 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Paula Sutter 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Elliot Richmond 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Erica Dorfman 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

Samuel Sayegh 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York 10016

* * *

This Certificate of Incorporation shall be effective
on March 12, 2025 at 2:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the incorporator has caused the Certificate of Incorporation to be executed on this day of March 12, 2025.

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Sole Incorporator 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023484101ex3-3_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAWS OF USA RARE EARTH, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

BYLAWS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 1

1. Time and Place of Meetings 1

2. Annual Meetings 1

3. Special Meetings 1

4. Notice of Meetings 1

5. Inspectors 1

6. Quorum 2

7. Voting; Proxies 2

8. Order of Business 2

9. Notice of Stockholder Proposals 2

10. Notice of Director Nominations 5

11. Additional Provisions Relating to the Notice of Stockholder Business and Director Nominations 7

12. Record Dates 9

13. Recesses and Adjournments 9

DIRECTORS 9

14. Function 9

15. Number, Election and Terms 9

16. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships 9

17. Removal 10

18. Resignation 10

19. Regular Meetings 10

20. Special Meetings 10

21. Quorum; Voting 10

22. Participation in Meetings by Remote Communications 10

23. Committees 10

24. Compensation 11

25. Rules 11

26. Chairman of the Board 11

27. Indemnification 11

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

NOTICES 14

28. Generally 14

29. Waivers 14

OFFICERS 15

30. Generally 15

31. Compensation 16

32. Succession 16

33. Authority and Duties 16

STOCK 16

34. Certificates 16

35. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 17

TRANSFERS 17

36. Transfers Generally 17

37. Lock-Up. 17

GENERAL 21

38. Fiscal Year 21

39. Reliance upon Books, Reports and Records 21

40. Amendments 21

41. Certain Defined Terms 21

ii

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

1. Time
and Place of Meetings. All meetings of stockholders will be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware,
as may be designated by the Board of Directors (the Board) of USA Rare Earth, Inc. a Delaware corporation
(the Company), from time to time in such manner as set forth in the Companys Certificate of Incorporation
(the Certificate of Incorporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may, in its sole discretion,
determine that a meeting of stockholders will not be held at any place, but may instead be held by means of remote communications in
accordance with Section 211(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL),
subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt from time to time. The Board may cancel or reschedule to an earlier
or later date any previously scheduled annual or special meeting of stockholders.

2. Annual Meetings.
At each annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders will elect the directors from the nominees for director and will transact such
other business, in such case as may properly be brought before the meeting in accordance with Sections 8, 9, 10
and 11.

3. Special Meetings.

(a) General.
A special meeting of stockholders may be called only by such persons and only in such manner as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation,
in each case to transact only such business as is specified in the notice of such meeting.

(b) Meetings
of Preferred Stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3, special meetings of holders of
any outstanding Preferred Stock may be called in the manner and for the purposes provided in the applicable Preferred Stock Designation.

4. Notice of Meetings.
Notice of every meeting of stockholders, stating the place, if any, date and time thereof, the means of remote communications, if any,
by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special
meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, will be given, in a form permitted by Section 28 or by
the DGCL, not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such
meeting, except as otherwise provided by law. When a meeting is recessed or adjourned to another place, date, or time, notice need not
be given of the recessed or adjourned meeting if the place, if any, date and time thereof, and the means of remote communications, if
any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such recessed or adjourned meeting, are
(a) announced at the meeting at which the recess or adjournment is taken (b) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting,
on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication
or (c) set forth in the notice of meeting; provided, however, that if the recess or adjournment is for more
than 30 days, or if after the recess or adjournment a new record date is fixed for the recessed or adjourned meeting, written notice
of the place, if any, date and time thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders
may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such recessed or adjourned meeting, must be given in conformity herewith.

5. Inspectors.
The Board will, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report
thereof. The Board may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector
or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the presiding officer of the meeting will appoint one or more inspectors to
act at the meeting.

1

6. Quorum. Except
as otherwise provided by law or in a Preferred Stock Designation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock issued
and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at a meeting
of stockholders for the transaction of business thereat. A quorum, once established, will not be broken by the subsequent withdrawal
of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such a quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders,
the presiding officer of the meeting shall have the power to recess or adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided
in Section 13, until a quorum is present or represented.

7. Voting; Proxies.

(a) General.
Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, or in a Preferred Stock Designation, each stockholder will be
entitled at every meeting of the stockholders to one vote for each share of stock having voting power standing in the name of such stockholder
on the books of the Company on the record date for the meeting and such votes may be cast either in person or by proxy. Every proxy must
be authorized in a manner permitted by Section 212 of the DGCL (or any successor provision) and may be documented, signed and delivered
in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL (or any successor provision) provided that such authorization shall set forth, or be delivered
with, information enabling the Company to reasonably determine the identity of the stockholder granting such authorization.

(b) Vote
Required for Stockholder Action. When a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders, the affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes properly cast on the matter (excluding any abstentions or broker non-votes) will be the act of the stockholders with respect to
all matters other than the election of directors (who will be elected by a plurality of all votes properly cast), except as otherwise
provided in these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, a Preferred Stock Designation, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange
applicable to the Corporation, or by law.

8. Order of Business.
The Chairman, or an officer of the Company designated from time to time by a majority of the total number of directors that the Company
would have if there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors (the Whole Board), will call meetings of
stockholders to order and will act as presiding officer thereof. Unless otherwise determined by the Board prior to the meeting, the presiding
officer of any meeting of stockholders will also determine the order of business and have the authority in his or her sole discretion
to determine the rules of procedure and regulate the conduct of the meeting, including without limitation by: (a) imposing restrictions
on the persons (other than stockholders of the Company or their duly appointed proxy holders) that may attend the meeting; (b) ascertaining
whether any stockholder or his or her proxy holder may be excluded from the meeting based upon any determination by the presiding officer,
in his or her sole discretion, that any such person has disrupted or is likely to disrupt the proceedings thereat; (c) determining the
circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions at the meeting; (d) ruling on all procedural questions that may
arise during or in connection with the meeting; (e) determining whether any nomination or business proposed to be brought before the
meeting has been properly brought before the meeting; and (f) determining the time or times at which the polls for voting at the meeting
will be opened and closed.

9. Notice of Stockholder
Proposals.

(a) Business
to Be Conducted at Annual Meeting. At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business may be conducted as has been properly
brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business (other than the nomination of a person for election
as a director, which is governed by Section 10, and, to the extent applicable, Section 11), must be (i) specified
in the notice of such meeting (or any supplement or amendment thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board or any authorized committee
of the Board, (ii) otherwise brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) otherwise properly brought before
the meeting by a stockholder who (A) has complied with all applicable requirements of this Section 9 and Section 11
in relation to such business, (B) was a stockholder of record of the Company at the time of giving the notice required by Section 11(a)
and is a stockholder of record of the Company at the time of the annual meeting, and (C) is entitled to vote at the annual meeting. For
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (iii) will be the exclusive means for a stockholder to submit business before an annual meeting
of stockholders.

2

(b) Required
Form for Stockholder Proposals. To be in proper form, regardless of whether the subject matter is already the subject of any notice
to stockholders from the Board, a stockholders notice to the Secretary must set forth in writing, on the form provided to the stockholder
upon written request to the Secretary and verification that the requesting party is a stockholder or is acting on behalf of a stockholder,
the following information, which must be updated and supplemented, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided
will be true and correct on the record date of the annual meeting and as of such date that is ten business days prior to the annual meeting
or any adjournment or postponement thereof; which update shall be delivered to the Secretary no later than five business days after the
record date for the Annual Meeting and not later than eight business days prior to the date of the Annual Meeting.

(i) Information
Regarding the Proposing Person. As to each Proposing Person (as such term is defined in Section 11(d)(ii)):

(A) the
name and address of such Proposing Person, as they appear on the Companys stock transfer book;

(B) the
class, series and number of shares of the Company directly or indirectly beneficially owned or held of record by such Proposing Person
(including any shares of any class or series of the Company as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership,
whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time);

(C) a
representation (1) that the stockholder giving the notice is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at the annual
meeting and intends to appear at the annual meeting to bring such business before the annual meeting and (2) as to whether any Proposing
Person intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of shares of the Company entitled
to vote and required to approve the proposal and, if so, identifying such Proposing Person;

(D) a
description of any (1) option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or similar right or interest (including any derivative
securities, as defined under Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)
or other synthetic arrangement having characteristics of a long position), assuming for purposes of these Bylaws presently exercisable,
with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement or payment mechanism at a price related to any class or series of securities
of the Company or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of securities of the Company, whether
or not such instrument or right is subject to settlement in whole or in part in the underlying class or series of securities of the Company
or otherwise, directly or indirectly held of record or owned beneficially by such Proposing Person and whether or not such Proposing Person
may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effects of such security or instrument and (2) each other direct
or indirect right or interest that may enable such Proposing Person to profit or share in any profit derived from, or to manage the risk
or benefit from, any increase or decrease in the value of the Companys securities, in each case regardless of whether (x) such
right or interest conveys any voting rights in such security to such Proposing Person, (y) such right or interest is required to be, or
is capable of being, settled through delivery of such security, or (z) such Proposing Person may have entered into other transactions
that hedge the economic effect of any such right or interest (any such right or interest referred to in this clause (D) being a Derivative
Interest);

3

(E) any
proxy, contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which the Proposing Person has a right to vote any
shares of the Company or which has the effect of increasing or decreasing the voting power of such Proposing Person;

(F) any
contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship including any repurchase or similar so called stock borrowing
agreement or arrangement, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss, reduce economic risk or increase or decrease voting power
with respect to any capital stock of the Company or which provides any party, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any
decrease in the price or value of the capital stock of the Company;

(G) any
material pending or threatened legal proceeding involving the Company, any affiliate of the Company or any of their respective directors
or officers, to which such Proposing Person or its affiliates is a party;

(H) any
rights directly or indirectly held of record or beneficially by the Proposing Person to dividends on the shares of the Company that are
separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Company;

(I) any
equity interests, including any convertible, derivative or short interests, in any principal competitor of the Company;

(J) any
performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which the Proposing Person or any affiliate or immediate family member of
the Proposing Person may be entitled as a result of any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Company or Derivative Interests;

(K) a
representation whether the stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or other business proposal is being
made, any control person, or any other participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) will engage in a solicitation
with respect to such nomination or other business proposal and, if so, the name of each participant in such solicitation; and a statement:
(1) confirming whether, the stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person intends, or is part of a group that (x) in the case of
a nomination, intends to solicit proxies or votes in support of such director nominees or nomination in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under
the Exchange Act, including but not limited to, delivering a proxy statement and form of proxy and soliciting at least the percentage
of the voting power of all of the shares of the stock of the Company required by Rule 14a-19(a)(3) and by applicable law to elect the
nominee, and (y) in the case of a business proposal, intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicit at least the percentage
of voting power of all of the shares of stock of the Company required under applicable law to approve the proposal; and (2) whether or
not any such stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of
such nomination or other business proposal;

(L) reasonable
evidence provided to the Company, promptly following the solicitation of proxies described in the foregoing section (K) and no later than
five business days before the meeting, that the stockholder has (x) in the case of a nomination, solicited proxies or votes in support
of such director nominees or nomination in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, including but not limited to, having delivered
a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicited at least the percentage of the voting power of all of the shares of the stock of the
Company required by Rule 14a-19(a)(3) and by applicable law to elect the nominee, or (y) in the case of a business proposal, has delivered
a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicited at least the percentage of voting power of all of the shares of stock of the Company
required under applicable law to approve the proposal; and

4

(M) any
other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required
pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act to be made in connection with a general solicitation of proxies or consents by such
Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting.

(ii) Information
Regarding the Proposal: As to each item of business that the stockholder giving the notice proposes to bring before the annual meeting:

(A) a
description in reasonable detail of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons why such stockholder
or any other Proposing Person believes that the taking of the action or actions proposed to be taken would be in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders;

(B) a
description in reasonable detail of any material interest of any Proposing Person in such business and a description in reasonable detail
of all agreements, arrangements and understandings among the Proposing Persons or between any Proposing Person and any other person or
entity (including their names) in connection with the proposal; and

(C) the
text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration).

(c) No
Right to Have Proposal Included. A stockholder is not entitled to have its proposal included in the Companys proxy statement
and form of proxy solely as a result of such stockholders compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.

(d) Requirement
to Attend Annual Meeting. If a stockholder does not appear at the annual meeting to present its proposal, such proposal will be disregarded
(notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such proposal may have been solicited, obtained or delivered).

10. Notice of Director
Nominations.

(a) Nomination
of Directors. Subject to the rights, if any, of any series of Preferred Stock to nominate or elect directors under circumstances specified
in a Preferred Stock Designation, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10
will be eligible to serve as directors. Nominations of persons for election as directors of the Company may be made only at an annual
meeting of stockholders and only (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) by a stockholder who (A) has complied with all applicable
requirements of this Section 10 and Section 11 in relation to such nomination, (B) was a stockholder of record
of the Company at the time of giving the notice required by Section 11(a) and is a stockholder of record of the Company at
the time of the annual meeting, (C) is entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (D) subject to Section 11, has nominated
a number of nominees that does not exceed the number of directors that will be elected at such meeting.

5

(b) Required
Form for Director Nominations. To be in proper form, a stockholders notice to the Secretary must set forth in writing, substantially
in the form provided to the stockholder upon written request to the Secretary, which form shall be provided only upon the receipt of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Secretary verifying that the requesting party is a stockholder or is acting on behalf of a stockholder:

(i) Information
Regarding the Nominating Person. As to each Nominating Person (as such term is defined in Section 11(d)(iii)), the information
set forth in Section 9(b)(i) (except that for purposes of this Section 10, the term Nominating Person
will be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places where it appears in Section 9(b)(i)
and any reference to business or proposal therein will be deemed to be a reference
to the nomination contemplated by this Section 10).

(ii) Information
Regarding the Nominee: As to each person whom the stockholder giving notice proposes to nominate for election as a director:

(A) all
information with respect to such proposed nominee that would be required to be set forth in a stockholders notice pursuant to Section 9(b)(i)
if such proposed nominee were a Nominating Person;

(B) all
information relating to such proposed nominee that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required pursuant
to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act to be made in connection with a general solicitation of proxies for an election of directors
in a contested election (including such proposed nominees written consent to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serve as a director if elected);

(C) a
reasonably detailed description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements or understandings
during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such Nominating Person and its affiliates and associates,
or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee and his or her affiliates, associates or others acting
in concert therewith, on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Items 403 and 404
under Regulation S-K if the stockholder giving the notice or any other Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes
of such rule and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant;

(D) a
completed questionnaire (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) with respect to the identity, background, qualifications
and independence of the proposed nominee and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made;
and

(E) a
written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that the proposed nominee (1) is qualified
and if elected intends to serve as a director of the Company until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such directors
successor is elected and qualified, (2) is not and will not become a party to (x) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with,
and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how the proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the
Company, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the
Company or (y) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with the proposed nominees ability to comply, if elected as
a director of the Company, with the proposed nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law, (3) is not and will not become a party
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect
compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein,
and (4) has read and, if elected as a director of the Company, the proposed nominee would be in compliance and will comply, with all applicable
publicly disclosed corporate governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines
of the Company.

6

The Company may require any proposed nominee to
furnish such other information as may be reasonably required by the Company to determine the qualifications and eligibility of such proposed
nominee to serve as a director.

(c) No
Right to Have Nominees Included. A stockholder is not entitled to have its nominees included in the Companys proxy statement
solely as a result of such stockholders compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.

(d) Requirement
to Attend Annual Meeting. If a stockholder does not appear at the annual meeting to present its nomination, such nomination will be
disregarded (notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been solicited, obtained or delivered).

11. Additional Provisions
Relating to the Notice of Stockholder Business and Director Nominations.

(a) Timely
Notice. To be timely, a stockholders notice required by Section 9(a) or Section 10(a) must be delivered
to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 nor more than 150 days
prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Companys definitive proxy statement was first sent to stockholders in connection
with the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders (which date shall, for purposes of the Corporations annual meeting
of stockholders in the year of the closing of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement be deemed to have occurred
on June 1 of such year); provided, however, that if the date of the annual meeting is scheduled for a date
more than 30 days prior to or more than 60 days after the anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder
to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the later of the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and
the 10th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event will a recess or adjournment
of an annual meeting (or any announcement of any such recess or adjournment) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for
the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the number of directors to
be elected to the Board at the annual meeting is increased by the Board, and there is no public announcement by the Company naming the
nominees for the additional directors at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Company held the preceding
years annual meeting of stockholders, a stockholders notice pursuant to Section 10(a) will be considered timely,
but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it is delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the
principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such public
announcement is first made by the Company.

(b) Updating
Information in Notice. A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting pursuant to Section 9
or notice of any nomination to be made at an annual meeting pursuant to Section 10 must further update and supplement such
notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to Section 9 or
Section 10, as applicable, is true and correct as of the record date for notice of the meeting and as of the date that is
ten days prior to the meeting or any recess, adjournment or postponement thereof. Any such update and supplement must be delivered to,
or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company, as promptly as practicable.

7

(c) Determinations
of Form, Effect of Noncompliance, Etc.

(i) The
presiding officer of any annual meeting will, if the facts warrant, determine that a proposal was not made in accordance with the procedures
prescribed by Section 9 and this Section 11 or that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures
prescribed by Section 10 and this Section 11, and if he or she should so determine, he or she will so declare
to the meeting and the defective proposal or nomination, as applicable, will be disregarded. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws
to the contrary: (A) no nominations shall be made or business shall be conducted at any annual meeting or special meeting except in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Sections 9, 10 and 11, and (B) unless otherwise required by law, if a Proposing
Person intending to propose business or a Nominating Person intending to make nominations at an annual meeting or special meeting pursuant
to Sections 9, 10 and 11, as applicable, does not provide the information required under Sections 9,
10 and 11 to the Company in accordance with the applicable timing requirements set forth in these Bylaws, or the Proposing
Person or Nominating Person (or a qualified representative thereof) does not appear at the meeting to present the proposed business or
nominations, such business or nominations shall not be considered, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business or nominations
may have been received by the Company.

(ii) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 9, 10 and 11 and unless otherwise required by law, if any Proposing Person (A) provides
notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to any nomination or business proposal and (B) subsequently fails
to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy
the Company that such Proposing Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act), then each applicable nomination
or business proposal shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the applicable nominee is included as a nominee in the Companys
proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that
proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Company (which proxies and votes shall
be disregarded).

(d) Certain
Definitions.

(i) For
purposes of Section 9 and Section 10 and this Section 11, public disclosure
means disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Bloomberg, Associated Press or comparable national news service
or in a document filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Exchange Act or furnished by the Company
to stockholders.

(ii) For
purposes of Section 9 and this Section 11, Proposing Person means (A) the stockholder
providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (B) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different,
on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is given, and (C) any Affiliate or Associate
(each within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of such stockholder or beneficial owner.

(iii) For
purposes of Section 10 and this Section 11, Nominating Person means (A) the stockholder
providing the notice of the nomination proposed made to be at an annual meeting, (B) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different,
on whose behalf the notice of nomination proposed to be made at the annual meeting is given, and (C) any Affiliate or Associate (each
within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of such stockholder or beneficial owner.

8

12. Record Dates.

(a) Voting
Record Dates. In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders, the Board
may fix a record date, which will not precede the date upon which the Board resolution fixing the same is adopted and will not be more
than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that
a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders will be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders
will apply to any recess or adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the recessed or adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the
record date for stockholders entitled to such notice of such recessed or adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for
determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 12(a) at the recessed
or adjourned meeting.

(b) Payment
Record Dates. In order that the Company may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock,
or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date will not be more than 60 days prior
to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose will be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto.

(c) Identity
of Registered Holder. The Company will be entitled to treat the person in whose name any share of its stock is registered as the owner
thereof for all purposes, and will not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such share on the part of
any other person, whether or not the Company has notice thereof, except as expressly provided by applicable law.

13. Recesses and
Adjournments. A meeting of stockholders may be recessed or adjourned from time to time by the presiding officer of the meeting. Upon
any recessed or adjourned meeting being reconvened, any business may be transacted which properly could have been transacted in the absence
of such recess or adjournment.

DIRECTORS

14. Function.
The business and affairs of the Company will be managed under the direction of the Board.

15. Number, Election
and Terms. Subject to the rights, if any, of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under circumstances specified
in a Preferred Stock Designation, and to the minimum and maximum number of authorized directors provided in the Certificate of Incorporation,
the authorized number of directors may be fixed from time to time only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. The
term that each director shall serve will be in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.

16. Vacancies and
Newly Created Directorships. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors
under circumstances specified in a Preferred Stock Designation, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized
number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause may be
filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board,
or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence will hold office until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until such directors successor is elected and qualified. No decrease in the authorized number of directors
will shorten the term of any incumbent director.

9

17. Removal.
Except as prohibited by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series
of Preferred Stock to elect directors, any director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least a majority in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to
vote on the election of such director, voting together as a single class.

18. Resignation.
Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman or the Secretary. Any
resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered to the Company unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or
an effective date that is contingent upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more specified events.

19. Regular Meetings.
Regular meetings of the Board may be held immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders and at such other time and place either
within or without the State of Delaware as may from time to time be determined by the Board. Notice of regular meetings of the Board
need not be given.

20. Special Meetings.
Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman on one days notice to each director by whom such notice is not waived,
given in a manner permitted by Section 28 or by the DGCL, and will be called by the Chairman, in like manner and on like
notice, upon the request of a majority of the Whole Board. The time and place of any such special meeting shall be as specified in the
notice of such meeting.

21. Quorum; Voting.
At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Whole Board will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except for action
to be taken by committees of the Board as provided in Section 23, and except for actions required by these Bylaws or the
Certificate of Incorporation to be taken by a majority of the Whole Board, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting
at which there is a quorum will be the act of the Board. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, the directors present
thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time to another place, time, or date, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum is present. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or in the Certificate of Incorporation or as required by applicable
law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or applicable law, any action required to be taken at a
meeting of the Board or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all directors or members of such committee, as the case
may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and any consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner
permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. After an action is taken by unanimous written consent, such consent shall be filed with the
minutes of proceedings for the Board or committee in accordance with applicable law.

22. Participation
in Meetings by Remote Communications. Members of the Board or any committee designated by the Board may participate in a meeting
of the Board or any such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of
which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person
at the meeting.

23. Committees.
The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors. The Board may designate one
or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee.
In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the
meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board,
or in these Bylaws, will have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs
of the Company, and may authorize the seal of the Company to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee will
have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any
action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for
approval or (b) making, adopting, amending or repealing any provision of these Bylaws. Unless the Board provides otherwise, each committee
designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules and procedures for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules
and procedures, each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business. Any resolution of the
Board establishing or directing any committee of the Board or establishing or amending the charter of any such committee may establish
requirements or procedures relating to the governance and/or operation of such committee that are different from, or in addition to,
those set forth in these Bylaws and, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between these Bylaws and any such resolution or charter,
the terms of such resolution or charter shall be controlling.

10

24. Compensation.
The Board may establish the compensation of directors, including without limitation compensation for membership on the Board and on committees
of the Board, attendance at meetings of the Board or committees of the Board, and for other services provided to the Company or at the
request of the Board.

25. Rules. The
Board may adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings and the oversight of the management of the affairs of the Company.

26. Chairman of the
Board. The Board, by a majority vote of the Whole Board, shall elect a Chairman from among the members of the Board. The Chairman
shall not be considered an officer of the Company in his or her capacity as such. The Chairman may be removed from that capacity by a
majority vote of the Whole Board. The Chairman shall preside at meetings of the Board and of the stockholders of the Company and exercise
and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board or as may be prescribed by these
Bylaws. In the absence of the Chairman, such other director of the Company designated by the Chairman or by the Board shall act as chairman
of any such meeting. The Chairman or the Board may appoint a Vice Chairman of the Board to exercise and perform such other powers and
duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Chairman or by the Board.

27. Indemnification.

(a) Right
to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding),
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Company or, while serving as a director or officer of the
Company, is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation or
of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an
indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director,
officer, employee, agent or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee, shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
(but, in the case of any such amendment, if permitted, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification
rights than such law permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys
fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by
such indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that, except with respect to proceedings to enforce rights
to indemnification or advancement of expenses or with respect to any compulsory counterclaim brought by such indemnitee, the Company shall
indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or
part thereof) was authorized by the Board. Any reference to an officer of the Company in this Section 27 shall be deemed to
refer exclusively to the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company,
as applicable, appointed pursuant to these Bylaws, and to any Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or other officer
of the Company appointed by the Board pursuant to these Bylaws, including, without limitation, any executive officer for
purposes of Rule 3b-7 of the Exchange Act or officer for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and any reference to
an officer of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer
exclusively to an officer appointed by the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such other entity pursuant to the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws or equivalent organizational documents of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise. The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the Company or an employee of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, but not an officer thereof as described in the preceding
sentence, has been given or has used the title of Vice President or any other title that could be construed to suggest or
imply that such person is or may be such an officer of the Company or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, such an officer of the Company
or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of this Section 27.

11

(b) Right
to Advancement of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 27(a), an indemnitee shall
also have the right to be paid by the Company, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the expenses (including attorneys
fees) incurred by indemnitee in appearing at, participating in or defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition or
in connection with a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Section 27
(which shall be governed by Section 27(c) (hereinafter an advancement of expenses)); provided,
however, that, if the DGCL requires or in the case of an advancement of expenses made in a proceeding brought to establish
or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of the Company (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including,
without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made solely upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking (hereinafter
an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately
be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication)
that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under Section 27(a) and Section 27(b) or otherwise.

(c) Right
of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 27(a) or Section 27(b) is not paid in full by the Company
within (a) sixty (60) days after a written claim for indemnification has been received by the Company or (b) thirty (30) days after a
claim for an advancement of expenses has been received by the Company, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the
Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or to obtain advancement of expenses, as applicable. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such
suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought
by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 27 or otherwise shall be on the
Company.

(d) Indemnification
Not Exclusive.

(i) The
provision of indemnification to or the advancement of expenses and costs to any indemnitee under this Section 27, or the entitlement
of any indemnitee to indemnification or advancement of expenses and costs under this Section 27, shall not limit or restrict
in any way the power of the Company to indemnify or advance expenses and costs to such indemnitee in any other way permitted by law or
be deemed exclusive of, or invalidate, any right to which any indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses and costs
may be entitled under any law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such indemnitees
capacity as an officer, director, employee or agent of the Company and as to action in any other capacity.

12

(ii) Given
that certain jointly indemnifiable claims (as defined below) may arise due to the service of the indemnitee as a director and/or officer
of the Company at the request of the indemnitee-related entities (as defined below), the Company shall be fully and primarily responsible
for the payment to the indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of all expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws of
the Company (or any other agreement between the Company and such persons, as applicable) in connection with any such jointly indemnifiable
claims, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Section 27, irrespective of any right of recovery the indemnitee
may have from the indemnitee-related entities. Any obligation on the part of any indemnitee-related entities to indemnify or advance expenses
to any indemnitee shall be secondary to the Companys obligation and shall be reduced by any amount that the indemnitee may collect
as indemnification or advancement from the Company. The Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the indemnitee-related entities
from any and all claims it may have against the indemnitee-related entities for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any
kind in respect thereof. Under no circumstance shall the Company be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by the indemnitee-related
entities and no right of advancement or recovery the indemnitee may have from the indemnitee-related entities shall reduce or otherwise
alter the rights of the indemnitee or the obligations of the Company hereunder. In the event that any of the indemnitee-related entities
shall make any payment to the indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly indemnifiable
claim, the indemnitee-related entity making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of the indemnitee against the Company, and the indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may
be reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable the indemnitee-related
entities effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. Each of the indemnitee-related entities shall be third-party beneficiaries
with respect to this Section 27(d)(ii), entitled to enforce this Section 27(d)(ii).

For purposes of this Section 27(d)(ii), the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

(A) The
term indemnitee-related entities means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than the Company or any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for which the indemnitee has agreed, on behalf of the Company or at the
Companys request, to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described herein)
from whom an indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to which, in whole or in part, the
Company may also have an indemnification or advancement obligation (other than as a result of obligations under an insurance policy).

(B) The
term jointly indemnifiable claims shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, any action, suit or
proceeding for which the indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses from both the indemnitee-related entities
and the Company pursuant to Delaware law, any agreement or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, partnership agreement, operating agreement,
certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or comparable document or agreement.

13

(e) Corporate
Obligations; Reliance. The rights granted pursuant to the provisions of this Section 27 shall vest at the time a person
becomes a director or officer of the Company and shall be deemed to create a binding contractual obligation on the part of the Company
to the persons who from time to time are elected as officers or directors of the Company, and such persons in acting in their capacities
as officers or directors of the Company or any subsidiary shall be entitled to rely on such provisions of this Section 27
without giving notice thereof to the Company. Such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer
and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this
Section 27 that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit,
eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission
to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal.

(f) Insurance.
The Company may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the
Company or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether
or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

(g) Indemnification
of Employees and Agents of the Company and Others. The Company may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant
rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Company and to any person (in addition to
an indemnitee) serving at the request of the Company as an officer, director, employee or agent of any other enterprise to the fullest
extent of the provisions of this Section 27 with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of indemnitees
hereunder.

NOTICES

28. Generally.

(a) Form
of Notices. Except as otherwise provided by law, these Bylaws, or the Certificate of Incorporation, whenever by law or under the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it will not be construed
to require personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail or courier service or, to the extent permitted by the DGCL,
by electronic transmission, addressed to such director or stockholder. Any notice sent to stockholders by mail or courier service shall
be sent to the address of such stockholder as it appears on the records of the Company, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice
will be deemed to be given at the time when the same is deposited in the United States mail or with the courier service. Notices sent
by electronic transmission shall be deemed effective as set forth in Section 232 of the DGCL. For purposes of this Section 28,
electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission
of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced
in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process.

(b) Notices
to Directors. Notices to directors may be given by mail or courier service, telephone, electronic transmission or as otherwise may
be permitted by these Bylaws.

29. Waivers.
Whenever any notice is required to be given by law or under the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver
thereof in writing, signed by the person entitled to such notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to such
notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, will be deemed equivalent to such notice. Attendance
of a person at a meeting will constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express
purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened.

14

OFFICERS

30. Generally.

(a) The
officers of the Company will be elected by the Board and will consist of officers with titles and duties as determined by the Board, but
in any case shall include a Chief Executive Officer (which may be the President), a Treasurer and a Secretary. The Board may also choose
one or more Vice Presidents (who may be given particular designations with respect to authority, function, or seniority), one or more
Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board may from time to time determine. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Board may authorize the Chief Executive Officer to appoint any person to any office other than the Secretary or Treasurer.
Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any of the offices may be left vacant from time to time as the Board may determine.
In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the Company or for any other reason deemed sufficient by a majority of the
Board, the Board may delegate the absent or disabled officers powers or duties to any other officer or to any director.

(b) Chief
Executive Officer. Unless the Board has designated another person as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, the President shall
be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge and supervision of the business of
the Company, subject to the direction of the Board, and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the
office of chief executive or that are delegated to such officer by the Board. The President, if such exists, shall perform such other
duties and shall have such other powers as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer (if the President is not the Chief Executive Officer)
may from time to time prescribe.

(c) Vice
Presidents. Each Vice President shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time
by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer (or the President if there is no Chief Executive Officer). The Board or the Chief Executive
Officer (or the President if there is no Chief Executive Officer) may assign to any Vice President the title of Executive Vice President,
Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board.

(d) Secretary;
Assistant Secretary. The Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, shall attend all sessions of the Board and all meetings of the stockholders
and record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform like duties for committees
when required. He or she shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and meetings of the Board, and shall
perform such other duties as may be assigned by the Board. The Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, shall keep in safe custody the seal
of the Company and have authority to affix the seal to all documents requiring it and attest to the same.

(e) Treasurer;
Assistant Treasurer. The Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer, shall have the custody of the corporate funds and other property of
the Company, except as otherwise provided by the Board, and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books
belonging to the Company and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Company in such
depositories as may be designated by the Board. The Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer, shall disburse the funds of the Company as may
be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and whenever requested by the Board, shall render an account of
all his or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Company, and shall perform such other duties as may be
assigned by the Board.

15

(f) Delegation
of Authority. The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding
the provisions herein.

(g) Voting
Securities Owned by the Company. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating
to securities owned by the Company may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer, the President,
any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the
Company, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders
of any company in which the Company may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power
incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Company might have exercised and possessed if present.
The Board may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.

(h) Chairman
of the Board. The Board, in its discretion, may choose a Chairman (who shall be a director but need not be elected as an officer).
The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and all meetings of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall
perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these Bylaws or by the Board.

31. Compensation.
The compensation of all directors and the executive officers of the Company will be fixed by the Board or by a committee of the Board.
The Board may fix or delegate the power to fix, the compensation of other officers and agents of the Company to an officer of the Company.

32. Succession.
The officers of the Company will hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until such officers earlier death,
resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board. Any vacancy
occurring in any office of the Company may be filled by the Board or by the Chairman as provided in Section 30. Any officer
of the Company may resign at any time by giving written notice of his or her resignation to the Chief Executive Officer, the President
or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless such notice provides that the resignation is effective at some
later time or upon the occurrence of some later event.

33. Authority and
Duties. Each of the officers of the Company will have such authority and will perform such duties as are customarily incident to
their respective offices or as may be specified from time to time by the Board.

STOCK

34. Certificates.
The Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Company shall
be uncertificated shares. Certificates, if any, representing shares of stock of the Company will be in such form as is determined by
the Board, subject to applicable legal requirements. Each such certificate shall be numbered and shall be signed by, or in the name of
the Company by, the Chairman, or Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile signature. In case any officer,
transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such
officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Company with the same effect as if he
or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

16

35. Lost, Stolen
or Destroyed Certificates. The Secretary may direct a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares to be issued in place
of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Company alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making
of an affidavit of that fact, satisfactory to the Secretary, by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed.
As a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the Secretary may require the owners of such lost, stolen
or destroyed certificate or certificates to give the Company a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Secretary may
direct as indemnity against any claims that may be made against the Company with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost,
stolen or destroyed or the issuance of the new certificate or uncertificated shares.

TRANSFERS

36. Transfers Generally.

(a) Transfers
of shares shall be made (i) upon the books of the Company only by the holder of record thereof, or by a duly authorized agent, transferee
or legal representative of such holder, and (ii) in the case of certificated shares, upon the surrender to the Company of the certificate
or certificates for such shares. No transfer shall be made that is inconsistent with the provisions of applicable law.

(b) The
Company shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series
of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes or series owned
by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL.

37. Lock-Up.

(a) Subject
to Section 37, the holders of Lock-Up Shares (the Lock-Up Holders), and their permitted transferees
in accordance with this Section 37, may not effect any Transfer of any Lock-up Shares until the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

(b) Permitted
Transfers. The restrictions set forth in Section 37(a) shall not apply to Transfers permitted by this Section 37(b)
or Transfers by any Lock-Up Holder following the expiration of the Lock-Up Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in these Bylaws, the Transfer restrictions set forth in Section 37(a), during the Lock-Up Period, shall not apply to:

(i) in
the case of an entity, Transfers to a stockholder, partner, member, equityholder or affiliate of such entity;

(ii) in
the case of an individual, Transfers by gift to members of the individuals immediate family (as defined below) or an affiliate
of such individual or to a trust, the sole owner of which affiliate or the beneficiary of which trust is a member of one of the individuals
immediate family;

(iii) Transfers
to a charitable organization;

(iv) Transfers
to any investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by such Lock-Up Holder or any of his, her or its affiliates;

(v) in
the case of an individual, Transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;

17

(vi) in
the case of an individual, Transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

(vii) in
the case of an entity, Transfers by virtue of the laws of the jurisdiction of the entitys organization and the entitys organizational
documents upon dissolution of the entity;

(viii) the
exercise of any options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (which exercises may be effected on a cashless basis
to the extent the instruments representing such options or warrants permit exercises on a cashless basis), provided that
the Lock-Up Holder shall comply with the Transfer restrictions set forth in this Section 37 applicable to such underlying shares
of common stock of the Company;

(ix) Transfers
to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or arrangements;

(x) Transfers
to the Company pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect at the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Business
Combination Agreement (such time is referred to in this Section 37 as, the Closing) that provides for
the repurchase by the Company or forfeiture of the Lock-Up Holders shares in the Company or other securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for shares in the Company in connection with the termination of the Lock-Up Holders service to the
Company;

(xi) the
entry, by the Lock-Up Holder, at any time after the Closing, into any trading plan providing for the sale of Lock-Up Shares by the Lock-Up
Holder, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act; provided, however,
that such plan does not provide for, or permit, the sale of any Lock-Up Shares during the Lock-Up Period and no public announcement or
filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan during the Lock-Up Period;

(xii) transactions
in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys
stockholders having the right to exchange their Lock-Up Shares for cash, securities or other property; and

(xiii) transactions
approved by the Board in its sole discretion to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, or local income tax obligations of the Lock-Up Holder
(or its direct or indirect owners) arising from a change in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
or the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder after the date on which the Business Combination Agreement was executed by the
parties thereto, and such change prevents such transaction from qualifying as a reorganization pursuant to Section 368
or as a transaction that qualifies for tax deferral under Section 351 of the Code (and such transaction does not qualify for similar
tax-free treatment pursuant to any successor or other provision of the Code or Regulations taking into account such changes), in each
case, solely and to the extent necessary to cover any tax liability as a direct result of the transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement;

provided, however,
that (x) in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), such Transfer does not involve a disposition for value and (y) in the case of clauses
(i) through (vii), the permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Board (it being
understood that any references to immediate family in the agreement executed by such transferee shall expressly refer only
to the immediate family of the Lock-Up Holder and not to the immediate family of the transferee), agreeing to be bound by the Transfer
restrictions set forth in this Section 37.

18

(c) Authority.

(i) Notwithstanding
the other provisions set forth in this Section 37, the Board may, in its sole discretion, determine to waive, amend, release or
repeal the Lock-Up obligations set forth herein, in whole or in part (including, without limitation, any waiver, amendment, release or
repeal, in connection with any agreement, investment, or otherwise); provided, that, any such waiver, amendment or repeal
of any Lock-Up obligations set forth herein shall require, in addition to any other vote of the members of the Board required to take
such action pursuant to these Bylaws or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the majority of the disinterested directors; provided,
however, that, to the extent the applicable Lock-Up Holder is a stockholder or other person is party to a contractual lock-up,
standoff, or similar agreement (a Lock-Up Agreement), no waiver, amendment or repeal of the Lock-Up obligations
set forth herein by the Board shall affect any provisions, rights, obligations or restrictions applicable to such Lock-Up Holder in such
Lock-Up Agreement, which provisions, rights, obligations and restrictions in the Lock-Up Agreement shall continue to apply to such Lock-Up
Holder and Lock-Up Shares held by such Lock-Up Holder in accordance with the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement. In the event there is any
conflict between these Bylaws and a Lock-Up Agreement, the terms of the Lock-Up Agreement shall prevail.

(d) Miscellaneous
Provisions Relating to Transfers of Lock-Up Shares.

(i) The
Company shall place customary restrictive legends on the certificates or book entries representing the Lock-Up Shares, in addition to
any legends required by applicable law or these Bylaws, and remove such restrictive legends reasonably promptly after the expiration of
the Lock-Up Period.

(ii) Any
attempt to Transfer any Lock-Up Shares that is not in compliance with this Section 37 shall be null and void ab initio, and the
Company shall not, and shall cause any transfer agent not to, give any effect in the Companys stock records to such attempted Transfer,
and the purported transferee in any such purported Transfer shall not be treated as the owner of such Lock-Up Shares for purposes of these
Bylaws (provided that this Section 37 shall continue to apply to such Lock-Up Shares).

(iii) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 37, the Lock-Up Shares, in each case, beneficially owned (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act) by a Lock-Up Holder shall remain subject to any restrictions on Transfer under applicable federal, state, local
or foreign securities laws, including all applicable holding periods under the Securities Act of 1933 and other rules of the Securities
Exchange Commission, and, as applicable, these Bylaws and the Certificate of Incorporation.

(e) Definitions.
For purposes of this Section 37:

(i) the
term affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(ii) The
term Former USARE Stockholders means the stockholders of the Company, excluding the Inflection Point Entities,
following the Closing that were formerly members of USA Rare Earth, LLC immediately prior to the Closing (and for the avoidance of doubt,
shall include those stockholders that were issued shares of common stock of the Company as consideration pursuant to, and in accordance
with, the Business Combination Agreement) and any stockholders of the Company with respect to shares of common stock of the Company that
are received pursuant to the permitted transfers under Section 37(b);

(iii) the
term immediate family shall mean a spouse, domestic partner, child, grandchild or other lineal descendant
(including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the Lock-Up Holder;

19

(iv) the
term Inflection Point Entities shall mean, collectively, Inflection Point Asset Management LLC, Kingstown
Capital Management L.P., Newtyn Management, LLC, and their respective affiliates (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the funds any
of them manage) and permitted transferees.

(v) the
term Lock-Up shall refer to the restrictions on the Transfers of Lock-Up Shares set forth in Section 37(a).

(vi) the term Lock-Up
Period means the period beginning on the date of Closing and ending on the date that is twelve (12) months after the date
of Closing.

(vii) the
term Lock-Up Shares means any shares of common stock of the Company that are or will be issued or are or will
be issuable to the Former USARE Stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, excluding
any (i) shares of common stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of any shares of the Companys Preferred Stock and (ii) shares
of common stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of any warrants that are or will be issued or are or will be issuable to the Former
USARE Stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; provided, however,
(A) that after the expiration of six months following the date of Closing, fifty percent (50%) of the Lock-Up Shares of any Former USARE
Stockholder that is subject to the Lock-Up shall cease to be Lock-Up Shares, and (B) that after the expiration of six months following
the date of Closing, if at any time, the closing price of the Companys common stock on the national securities exchange on which
such securities are listed equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (subject to adjustment for any stock splits or stock dividends with respect
to the Companys common stock) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period (such 30 trading day period to commence
no earlier than the expiration of six months following the date of Closing), the remaining Lock-Up Shares shall cease to be Lock-Up Shares.

(viii) The
term Transfer or Transfers means any action to (i) sell, offer to sell, contract
or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly,
or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder, any Lock-Up Shares,
any Lock-Up Shares issuable upon the exercise of any options or warrants to purchase Lock-Up Shares, or any securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for Lock-Up Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or
in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of such Lock-up Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Lock-Up Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise or
(iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

20

GENERAL

38. Fiscal Year.
The fiscal year of the Company will end on December 31 of each calendar year or such other date as may be fixed from time to time by
the Board.

39. Reliance upon
Books, Reports and Records. Each director, each member of a committee designated by the Board, and each officer of the Company will,
in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Company and upon such information,
opinions, reports, or statements presented to the Company by any of the Companys officers or employees, or committees of the Board,
or by any other person or entity as to matters the director, committee member, or officer believes are within such other persons
professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company.

40. Amendments.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, any alteration, amendment or repeal of these Bylaws, or the adoption of new Bylaws,
shall require the approval of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation (including
any applicable Preferred Stock Designation) and applicable law.

41. Certain Defined
Terms.

(a) Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the Certificate of Incorporation. The use of the term days
within these Bylaws, other than when referred to as business days, shall mean calendar days. The use of business
days shall mean days other than Saturday, Sunday, and any day designated as a federal holiday as observed by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. The use of including shall mean, including without limitation.

(b) Business
Combination Agreement shall mean that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among
the Company, USA Rare Earth, LLC, and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, as may be subsequently amended.

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>usar-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>usar-20250312_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>usar-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>usar-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41711

Entity Registrant Name USA RARE EARTH, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001970622

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1720278

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 100 W Airport Road

Entity Address, City or Town Stillwater

Entity Address, State or Province OK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 74075

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 867-6155

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol USAR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol USARW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=USAR_CommonStockSharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=USAR_WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inflectionpointacquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0234841-8k_usarare.htm 
usar-20250312.xsd 
usar-20250312_def.xml 
usar-20250312_lab.xml 
usar-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-000660-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0234841-8k_usarare_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001970622 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001970622 

USAR:CommonStockSharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001970622 

USAR:WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001970622 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
USA RARE EARTH, INC. 
DE 
001-41711 
98-1720278 
100 W Airport Road 
Stillwater 
OK 
74075 
813 
867-6155 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
USAR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
USARW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>