<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-056747.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-056747.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318171728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-056747
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Veradigm Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001124804
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				364372754
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32085
		FILM NUMBER:		25749584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2024
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3125061200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2024
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLSCRIPTS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100824

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLSCRIPTS-MISYS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLSCRIPTS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010124
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d877339d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NONEfalse000112480400011248042025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 18, 2025

VERADIGM INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 000-32085 36-4392754

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

222 Merchandise Mart

Chicago, Illinois 60654

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 800334-8534

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share MDRX N/A (OTC Expert Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the appointment of Mr. Jonathan Sacks to the board of directors (the Board) of Veradigm Inc. (the Company) as described in Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company and Stonehill Capital Management LLC (Stonehill) entered into that certain Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), dated as of March 18, 2025 (the Effective Date). According to the Schedule 13D filed by Stonehill on February 21, 2025, Stonehill beneficially owns approximately 19.6% of the outstanding shares of Company common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock).

Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prepare and file, as soon as reasonably practicable after such time as when the Company has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed under the Exchange Act (as defined below) (Current Reporting Status), a shelf registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) that covers shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Stonehill prior to or after the Effective Date, including shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 0.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 of the Company beneficially owned by Stonehill, and (ii) cause such shelf registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. In addition, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective until the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which there are no longer any Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) outstanding and (ii) the date on which Stonehill beneficially owns Registrable Securities representing 5% or less of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock.

Furthermore, if at any time following the Companys obtaining Current Reporting Status, the Company proposes to register Common Stock for public sale under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (the Securities Act), the Company must provide notice to Stonehill of such intention, and Stonehill has the right to request that the Company use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities which Stonehill has so requested to be registered, subject to certain customary exceptions.

In addition, at any time following the Companys obtaining Current Reporting Status, Stonehill may deliver a written request (the Demand Request) to the Company requesting that the Company effect the registration under the Securities Act of Registrable Securities and specifying the amount and intended method of disposition thereof (including, but not limited to, an underwritten public offering). Stonehill may deliver a Demand Request to the Company pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement no more than once in any 12-month period. However, Stonehill is not permitted to deliver a Demand Request to the Company following the Companys filing of a shelf registration that registers Registrable Securities for so long as such shelf registration statement remains effective.

The Company and Stonehill also granted one another customary indemnification rights in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Confidentiality Agreement

In connection with the appointment of Mr. Sacks to the Board, the Company, Mr. Sacks and Stonehill entered into that certain Confidentiality Agreement (the Confidentiality Agreement), dated as of the Effective Date. Among other things, the Confidentiality Agreement provides that if the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders within one year of the Effective Date, the Company must, unless the Board determines that doing so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law, (i) include Mr. Sacks in its slate of nominees for election as a director of the Company and (ii) list Mr. Sacks in the proxy statement and proxy card for such meeting and recommend that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of Mr. Sacks.

The foregoing description of the Confidentiality Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Confidentiality Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 18, 2025, the Board (i) increased the size of the Board from six directors to seven directors and (ii) appointed Mr. Sacks to the Board, effective March 19, 2025. In addition, on March 18, 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Bruce Felt to the Board, effective upon, and to fill the vacancy created by, the resignation of Mr. P. Gregory Garrison from the Board on March 19, 2025. Each of Mr. Sacks and Mr. Felt was appointed in satisfaction of the Companys obligations under the Cooperation Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025 (the Cooperation Agreement), by and between the Company and Kent Lake PR LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company, and to hold office until the Companys next annual meeting of stockholders. The material terms of the Cooperation Agreement are disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2025.

The Board appointed Mr. Felt to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board, effective upon his appointment to the Board.

Neither Mr. Sacks nor Mr. Felt is party to any other transaction, or series of transactions, required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. As non-employee directors, each of Messrs. Sacks and Felt will receive a pro rata portion of a $200,000 equity grant, a $60,000 annual cash retainer and a cash committee retainer of $2,500 for each committee on which Messrs. Sacks and Felt may serve in the aggregate.

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointments of Messrs. Sacks and Felt to serve as directors. A copy of the press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information furnished pursuant to this Item shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Exhibit Description

10.1* Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and between Veradigm Inc. and Stonehill Capital Management LLC 

10.2 Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and among Veradigm Inc., Jonathan Sacks and Stonehill Capital Management LLC 

99.1 Press release issued by Veradigm Inc. on March 18, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted exhibits upon request by the SEC; provided that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any exhibits so furnished.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VERADIGM INC.

Date: March 18, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Eric Jacobson

Name: Eric Jacobson

Title: 

Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and

Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d877339dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 18, 2025, is entered into by and between
Veradigm Inc.,a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Stonehill Capital Management LLC (the Investor).

WHEREAS: 

The
Companys board of directors (the Board) desires to appoint Jonathan Sacks, who serves as a Partner of Investor (the Board Representative), to the Board, and as a condition of such appointment, Investor has
requested certain registration rights under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state
securities laws. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) affiliate has the meaning provided to such term in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

(b) Convertible Notes means the 0.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 of the Company. 

(c) Convertible Note Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2019, by and between the Company
and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as supplemented by that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2024, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest
to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (as may be further amended, supplemented or modified from time to time). 

(d)
Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share. 

(e) Current Reporting
Status means such time as when the Company has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

(f) Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

(g) Register,
Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for offering
securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

(h) Registrable Securities means the Shares and any shares of Common
Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares as a result of any stock split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (i) upon the sale
thereof pursuant to an effective Registration Statement, (ii) upon the sale thereof pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (iii) when such securities cease to be outstanding, or (iv) at such time as the Investor
(A) beneficially owns Registrable Securities representing less than 10% of the then-outstanding Common Stock of the Company, (B) no longer has an affiliate serving as a director on the Board and (C) is permitted to sell such
Registrable Securities under Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act. 

(i) Registration Expenses means all registration
and filing fee expenses incurred by the Company in effecting any Registration pursuant to this Agreement, including (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses associated with filings
required to be made with the SEC, FINRA or any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws,
(iii) all printing, duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company
(including the expenses of any cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance). 

(j) Registration
Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers Registrable Securities, including a Shelf Registration Statement, including the related prospectus,
amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all materials incorporated by reference in such registration statement as may be
necessary to comply with applicable securities laws. Registration Statement shall also include a new Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by
reference therein, and including any information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC. 

(k) Selling
Expenses means all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to the Investors disposition of the Registrable Securities. 

(l) Shares means, collectively, any shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Investor prior to or after the date
hereof, including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes (pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Note Indenture) beneficially owned by the Investor as of the date hereof. 

(m) Shelf Registration Statement means a shelf registration statement of the Company that covers all of the
Registrable Securities (and may cover other securities of the Company) on Form S-1 or Form S-3 and under Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, or any successor
rule that may be adopted by the SEC, and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, and including the prospectus contained therein, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated by
reference therein. 

2 

2. REGISTRATION.

Section 2.1 Piggyback Rights.

(a) If at any time following the Company obtaining Current Reporting Status, the Company proposes to Register Common Stock for public sale
(whether proposed to be offered for sale by the Company or by any other Person) under the Securities Act (other than a Registration Statement on Form S-4 or S-8 for
transactions specified in Section 2.1(c), or any successor or other forms promulgated for similar purposes), or sell Common Stock pursuant to an effective Registration Statement in a manner which would permit Registration
of Registrable Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Act, it will give prompt written notice (which notice shall specify the intended method or methods of disposition) to the Investor (and in any case at least fifteen
(15) business days prior to the expected date of filing of such Registration Statement or prospectus supplement to a previously effective Shelf Registration Statement) of its intention to do so and of the Investors rights under this
Section 2.1. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent such Registration is being effected pursuant to the exercise of a demand right pursuant to Section 2.2(a), the Company shall not be obligated
to provide such notice to the Investor. Upon the written request of the Investor made within five (5) business days after the receipt of any such notice (which request shall specify the number of Registrable Securities intended to be disposed
of by the Investor), the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the Registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities which the Investor has so requested to be Registered; provided that: (i) the
Investor shall have the right to withdraw its request for inclusion of any of its Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) by giving written notice to the Company of such
withdrawal, provided, that, in the case of any underwritten offering, written notice of such withdrawal must be given to the Company prior to the time at which the offering price and underwriters discount is determined with the managing
underwriter or underwriters; (ii) if, at any time after giving written notice of its intention to Register any Common Stock and prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement filed in connection with such Registration, the Company
shall determine for any reason not to proceed with the proposed Registration of the Common Stock to be sold by it, the Company may, at its election, give written notice of such determination to the Investor and, thereupon, the Company shall be
relieved of its obligation to Register any Registrable Securities in connection with such Registration (but not from its obligation to pay the Registration Expenses incurred in connection therewith) without prejudice to the rights of the Investor to
request that such Registration be effected as a Registration under Section 2.2(a); and (iii) subject to clause (i), if such Registration involves an underwritten offering, the Investor must, upon the written request of
the Company, sell its Registrable Securities to the underwriters on the same terms and conditions as apply to the other shares of Common Stock being sold through underwriters under such Registration, with, in the case of a combined primary and
secondary offering, only such differences, including any with respect to representations and warranties, indemnification and liability insurance, as may be customary or appropriate in combined primary and secondary offerings. 

(b) Priority in Piggyback Registrations. If a Registration pursuant to this Section 2.1 involves an
underwritten offering and the managing underwriter advises the Company in writing (a copy of which shall be provided to the Investor) that, in its opinion, the number of Registrable Securities and other shares of Common Stock requested to be
included in such Registration exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering, so as to be likely to have a material and adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the securities offered in such offering, then the Company shall
include in such Registration: (i) first, the shares of Common Stock the Company proposes to sell for its own account; and (ii) second, such number of Registrable Securities requested to be included in such Registration by the Investor
which, in the opinion of such managing underwriter, can be sold without having the material and adverse effect referred to above. 

(c)
Excluded Transactions. The Company shall not be obligated to effect any Registration of Registrable Securities under this Section 2.1 incidental to the Registration of any of its Securities in connection with: 

(i) a Registration Statement filed solely to cover issuances or resales under employee benefits plans or dividend reinvestment
plans; 

3 

(ii) any Registration Statement relating solely to the acquisition or merger
after the date hereof by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of or with any other businesses, assets or properties; or 

(iii) any Registration related solely to an exchange by the Company of its own securities. 

(d) Plan of Distribution, Underwriters and Advisors. If a Registration pursuant to this Section 2.1 involves
an underwritten offering, the Company shall (i) determine the plan of distribution and (ii) select the investment banker or bankers, managers and any provider of advisory services to administer the offering, including the lead managing
underwriter. 

Section 2.2 Demand Registration. 

(a) General. At any time following the Company obtaining Current Reporting Status, the Investor may deliver a written request (the
Demand Request) to the Company requesting that the Company effect the Registration under the Securities Act of Registrable Securities and specifying the amount and intended method of disposition thereof (including, but not limited
to, an underwritten public offering). Following receipt of the Demand Request from the Investor, the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible, and, in any event, within sixty (60) days after receiving such Demand Request, use its
commercially reasonable efforts to file a Registration Statement to effect the Registration under the Securities Act of such Registrable Securities which the Company has been so requested in the Demand Request to Register by the Investor in
accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof. During the term of this Agreement, the Investor may deliver a Demand Request to the Company in accordance with this Section 2.2(a) no more than once in any twelve
(12) month period; provided that the Investor shall not be permitted to deliver a Demand Request to the Company in accordance with this Section 2.2(a) following the Companys filing of a Shelf Registration
Statement for so long as such Shelf Registration Statement remains effective. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be
obligated to file a Registration Statement relating to any Registration request under Section 2.2(a): 

(i) prior to the expiration or waiver of any lockup period applicable to the Investor in respect of a previous public offering;
or 

(ii) if the amount of Registrable Securities which the Company has been so requested in the Demand Request to Register
by the Investor is less than 25% of the Investors and its affiliates collective beneficial ownership of Common Stock at the time of such Demand Request; or 

(iii) if, in the good faith judgment of the Board, the Company is in possession of material
non-public information the disclosure of which would be materially adverse to the Company and would not otherwise be required under law, in which case the filing of the Registration Statement may be delayed
until the earlier of the second business day after such conditions shall have ceased to exist and the 90th day after receipt by the Company of the Demand Request from the Investor to Register Registrable Securities under this
Section 2.2(a); provided that the number of any such delays or any delay pursuant to this clause shall not exceed two (2) in any twelve (12) month period. 

4 

(c) Plan of Distribution, Underwriters and Advisors. If a requested Registration
pursuant to this Section 2.2 involves an underwritten offering, the Investor shall have the right to (i) determine the plan of distribution and (ii) select the investment banker or bankers, managers and any
provider of advisory services to administer the offering (provided, that such investment banker or bankers, managers and providers of advisory services shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company). 

(d) Priority in Demand Registrations. If a requested Registration pursuant to this Section 2.2 involves an
underwritten offering, the Company and other holders of registration rights, if any, shall be entitled to participate in such offering unless the managing underwriter advises the Company in writing (a copy of which shall be provided to the Investor)
that, in its opinion, the number of securities requested to be included in such offering exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering, so as to be likely to have a material and adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the
securities offered by the Investor in such offering, in which case the number of securities to be included by the Company or such other investor in such offering (other than Registrable Securities) shall be reduced as necessary to eliminate such
effect. 

Section 2.3 Shelf Registration. As soon as reasonably practicable after obtaining Current Reporting Status, the
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (a) prepare and file with (or confidentially submit to) the SEC a Shelf Registration Statement that covers all of the Registrable Securities then outstanding for an offering to be made on
a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto and (b) cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; provided
that (i) the Company shall not be required to file any Shelf Registration Statement during a Suspension Event (as defined in Section 3(e)) or at any time when the Company is in possession of material
non-public information, (ii) the Company shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations hereunder if trading of Common Stock is suspended during a Suspension Event and (iii) the Companys
obligation to include the Registrable Securities of the Investor in the Registration Statement shall be expressly conditioned upon the Companys prior receipt of all information and materials regarding the Investor and the taking of all action
reasonably required to be taken by the Investor under applicable laws in order to permit the Company to comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities of the Investor
under the Securities Act. From and after the declaration of effectiveness by the SEC of such Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be continuously effective
until the earlier to occur of (A) the date on which there are no longer any Registrable Securities outstanding and (B) the date on which the Investor beneficially owns Registrable Securities representing 5% or less of the then-outstanding
Common Stock of the Company. In connection with such Shelf Registration Statement, the Company will, subject to the terms and limitations of this Section 2.3, as promptly as reasonably practicable upon written notice from
the Investor in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.3, cooperate in any shelf takedown by amending or supplementing the prospectus related to such Registration as may be reasonably requested by the Investor or as
otherwise required to reflect the number of Registrable Securities to be sold thereunder. The Company shall not be required to maintain in effect more than one Shelf Registration Statement at any one time. In the event that the Company files a Shelf
Registration Statement pursuant to this Section 2.3 on Form S-1, the Company shall be entitled to convert such Registration Statement to a Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 after the Company becomes eligible to use a Form S-3.

5 

3. RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS. 

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to
Section 2, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the Registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company
shall have the following obligations: 

(a) Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investor promptly of the time when
any subsequent amendment to the initial Registration Statement or any new Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus
has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any new Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information. 

(b) Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the initial
Registration Statement, any new Registration Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the distribution of all of
the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the Investor and the Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities by the Investor. 

(c) Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any new Registration
Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Investor, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the Investor and its counsel shall have been advised and
afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three (3) business days prior to filing with the SEC and (B) the Company shall have considered in good faith any comments thereon received from the Investor or its counsel.

(d) Copies Available. The Company will furnish to the Investor and its counsel copies of the initial Registration Statement, any
prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement thereunder, any new Registration Statement and all amendments to the initial Registration Statement or any new Registration Statement that
are filed with the SEC (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC,
and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such
other documents as the Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor that are covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon
the Investors request and in such quantities as the Investor may from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available
on EDGAR. 

(e) Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
(i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and, (ii) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investor promptly (but in no
event later than 24 hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each case: (A) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to
the Registration Statement or any prospectus or for any additional information; (B) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the initial Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any new Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt of any notification of the suspension of
qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; (C) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event which makes
any statement of a material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any additions 

6 

to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend any Registration Statement or any prospectus to comply with the
Securities Act or any other law; and (D) of the Companys determination in good faith that a delay or suspension is necessary to delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the
Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company. From time to time, in the case of the occurrence of any of the events set forth in clause (A) to (D) of the
immediately preceding sentence (each, a Suspension Event), the Company shall give a notice to the Investor to suspend sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement and such notice shall
state generally the basis for the notice and that such suspension shall continue only for so long as the Suspension Event or its effect is continuing. The Investor may recommence effecting sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the
applicable Registration Statement following further written notice to such effect (an End of Suspension Notice) from the Company, which End of Suspension Notice shall be given by the Company to the Investor promptly following the
conclusion of any Suspension Event or its effect. If at any time the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use
of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge, a copy of any
correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority to the Company or its representatives relating to the initial Registration Statement, any new Registration Statement or any prospectus, or
prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (C) of the second sentence of this Section 3(e), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to publicly
disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under the applicable Registration Statement may resume unless such disclosure is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best
interests of the Company. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (C) or (D) of the second sentence of this Section 3(e), the Company shall not be permitted to suspend the use of any Registration
Statements for such reason for more than 90 consecutive calendar days; provided, further, that the Company may not suspend the use of any Registration Statements more than twice for such reason during any twelve (12) month period. 

(f) Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by the Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement, the
Company shall deliver to the Investor a written confirmation from the Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including the issuance of a stop order) and
whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company for sale of the Registrable Securities. 

(g) Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of
the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform
the Investor in writing if, at any time, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and
take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the Registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the Availability Date
(as defined below), an earnings statement covering a period of at least twelve (12) months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this Section 3(g), Availability Date means the 45th day following the end
of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the Companys fiscal year, Availability Date means the 90th day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter). 

7 

(h) Blue-Sky. The Company shall register or
qualify or cooperate with the Investor and its counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions reasonably requested by the
Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this
Section 3(h), (ii) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(h), or (iii) file a general consent to service of
process in any such jurisdiction. 

(i) Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates or uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and
registered in such names as the Investor may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement to effect sales of Registrable Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without
issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System. 

(j) Rule 144. With
a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC which permit the sale of restricted securities to the public without registration, the Company agrees, following the Company obtaining Current Reporting Status, to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act at any time during which it is subject to such reporting
requirements (or, if the Company is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the reasonable request of Investor, make publicly available such necessary information for so long as necessary to permit sales pursuant to Rule 144 under the
Securities Act). 

(k) Other Registration Rights. The Company acknowledges that (i) prior to the date of this Agreement, the
Company is not a party to any other registration rights agreement or arrangement that remains in effect, and (ii) after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall not enter into any registration rights agreement or arrangement that violates
the rights granted to Investor by this Agreement. 

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

(a) Investor Information. The Investor has provided a completed Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
as of the date hereof. The Investor shall provide any updates to the Investor Questionnaire at least five (5) business days prior to any Registration of Registrable Securities. 

(b) Suspension of Sales. The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the existence of Suspension Event as
set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of an
End of Suspension Notice. The Investor shall keep the fact that the Company has delivered a notice of a Suspension Event and any non-public information provided by the Company in connection therewith
confidential, shall not disclose or reveal the notice of a Suspension Event or any such information to any person or entity and shall not use such information for securities trading or any other purpose. 

8 

(c) Blackout Periods. The Investor agrees not to offer, sell or otherwise dispose of
any Registrable Securities during any trading blackout period under the Companys insider trading policy. 

(d)
Investor Cooperation. The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or new Registration
Statement hereunder, unless the Investor has notified the Company in writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement. 

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION. 

All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with Registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling
Expenses shall be borne by the Investor. 

6. INDEMNIFICATION. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and the members, directors, officers, partners, employees, managers, agents, representatives and advisors of the Investor (each, an Indemnified
Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including court costs and costs of preparation), reasonable and documented attorneys fees, amounts
paid in settlement or reasonable and documented expenses (collectively, Claims) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the
foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages),
to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other state securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the
Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such Registration of the Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively,
Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
out-of-pocket legal fees or other reasonable and documented expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such
Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a
Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Investor or such Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved
in writing by the Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, in each case if the foregoing was timely
made available by the Company; and (B) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to
Section 8. 

9 

(b) In connection with the initial Registration Statement, any new Registration Statement or
any prospectus, the Investor agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signedthe initial Registration Statement or signs any new Registration Statement, each Person, if any,
who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from
any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the Investor furnished in writing by the Investor to the Company and reviewed and approved in
writing by the Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any new Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto. In no event
shall the liability of an Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expense paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages
such Investor has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification
obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to
Section 8. 

(c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this
Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is
to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the
extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented without conflict by one
counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of
the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such
proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all
information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense
or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not
unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise unless
such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all
liability of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person in respect to or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or
corporations relating to 

10 

the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not
relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

(d) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be
entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it. 

(e) The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be
subject to pursuant to the law. 

7. CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution
by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages
such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

8. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the Investor; provided, however, that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are
converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term
Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise
freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the prior written consent of the Investor shall not be required for such transaction.

The Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to its affiliates in connection with the
transfer of not fewer than 25% of the Registrable Securities then held by the Investor to such affiliate, provided that the Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company
promptly after such assignment is effected, and such affiliate agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein. 

The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investor and its successors and permitted assigns. 

11 

9. TERMINATION; AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. 

(a) This Agreement shall terminate and shall be of no further force and effect, and the parties hereto shall have no further rights or
obligations hereunder, on the date that is ninety (90) days following the earlier of (i) the date on which the Board Representative is no longer an affiliate of Investor and (ii) the date on which the Board Representative ceases to
serve on the Board; provided that the provisions of Section 5, Section 6, Section 7 and Section 10 shall survive such termination. 

(b) The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a
written instrument executed by the Company and the Investor. 

10. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on
the recipients next business day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

i. If to the Company,
addressed as follows: 

Veradigm Inc. 

222 Merchandise Mart 

Chicago,
IL 60654 

Attention: Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Email: ejacobson@veradigm.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sidley Austin LLP 

One South
Dearborn Street 

Chicago, IL 60603 

Attention: Gary Gerstman; Beth Berg 

Email: ggerstman@sidley.com; bberg@sidley.com 

ii. If to the Investor, addressed as follows: 

Stonehill Capital Management LLC 

320 Park Ave., 26th Floor 

New
York, NY 10022 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: pmalek@stonehillcap.com 

12 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Proskauer Rose LLP 

Eleven
Times Square 

New York, NY 10036 

Attention: Louis Rambo; Joshua Apfelroth 

Email: lrambo@proskauer.com; japfelroth@proskauer.com 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

(b) Consent to Electronic Notice. The Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the DGCL), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth
below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit A, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing
consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party
agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing. 

(c) Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

(d) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless
of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof. 

(e) Exclusive Jurisdiction. Each
of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or any other matters contemplated herein (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any federal court within the State of Delaware). Each party agrees not to
commence any legal proceedings related hereto except in such Court of Chancery (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, in any federal court within the State of Delaware).
By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and to the appellate courts therefrom solely for the purposes of disputes arising under this
Agreement and not as a general submission to such jurisdiction or with respect to any other dispute, matter or claim whatsoever. The parties hereto irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such
action or proceeding by the delivery of copies thereof by overnight courier to the address for such party to which notices are deliverable hereunder. Any such service of process shall be effective upon delivery. Nothing herein shall affect the right
to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to stay or dismiss any action or proceeding under or in connection with this Agreement brought before the foregoing courts on the basis of
(i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason, or that it or any of its property is immune from the above-described legal process, (ii) any claim that such action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum, that venue for the action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, or (iii) any other defense that would hinder or delay the levy, execution or collection of
any amount to which any party hereto is entitled pursuant to any final judgment of any court having jurisdiction. 

13 

(f) Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

(g) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party;
provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same
force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

(h)
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may
reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(i) Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of the Investor and the Company, and each provision hereof has been
subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

(j) No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the
parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer,
employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third-party beneficiary with respect to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(k) Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held
unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of
such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

(l) Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement,
each party covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder,
general or limited partner or member of the other party or any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it
being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the
other party or any of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Company or the Investor under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect
of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. 

(m) Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that
may be available at law in the event of any breach of this Agreement, each party shall be entitled to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the other party hereunder and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may
be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

14 

(n) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not
exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

(o) Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement, whenever the context requires:
(i) the singular number shall include the plural, and vice versa; (ii) the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; (iii) the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and (iv) the
neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine genders. As used in this Agreement, the words include and including, and words of similar meaning, shall not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather shall be deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation. Except as otherwise indicated, all references in this Agreement to Sections and Exhibits are intended to refer to Sections of this Agreement and the Exhibit to this
Agreement. All references in this Agreement to $ are intended to refer to U.S. dollars. The term or shall not be deemed to be exclusive. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of
similar import, when used in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to as of the date hereof, as of the date of this Agreement or
words of similar import shall be deemed to mean as of immediately prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first above written. 

COMPANY:

Veradigm Inc.

By: /s/ Eric Jacobson

Name: Eric Jacobson

Title: Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

[Registration Rights
Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first above written. 

INVESTOR:

Stonehill Capital Management, LLC

By: /s/ Jonathan Sacks

Name: Jonathan Sacks

Title: Partner

[Registration Rights
Agreement] 

Exhibit A 

Investor Questionnaire 

[Intentionally omitted.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d877339dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 

This confidentiality agreement (this Confidentiality Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 18, 2025,
by and among Veradigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), on the one hand, and (i) Stonehill Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with its Affiliates (as defined below),
Stonehill) and (ii) Jonathan Sacks (the Stonehill Principal), on the other hand. 

WHEREAS, the Companys board of directors (the Board) desires to appoint the Stonehill Principal to the
Board; 

WHEREAS, during the term of the Stonehill Principals service as a director of the Company, the Stonehill Principal
will receive Confidential Information (as defined below) about the Company and its Affiliates in his capacity as a director of the Company that is confidential or proprietary, the disclosure of which could harm the Company or its Affiliates; and

WHEREAS, this Confidentiality Agreement is intended by all parties hereto to serve as a confidentiality agreement for the purposes
of Regulation FD promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the
mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. 

For purposes of this Confidentiality Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 

Affiliate shall have the meaning given to such term under Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act; 

(b) 

Confidential Information means all information that is furnished directly or
indirectly by the Company or any of its Representatives to the Stonehill Principal in connection with the Stonehill Principals service as a director of the Company, whether or not marked as confidential, whether oral, written or electronic,
and regardless of the manner in which it is furnished, together with any notes, reports, summaries, analyses, compilations, forecasts, studies, interpretations, memoranda or other materials that contain, reference, reflect or are based upon, in
whole or in part, any such information. The term Confidential Information shall not include information that (i) was within Stonehills or any of its Representatives possession prior to its being furnished to the
Stonehill Principal by the Company or its Representatives; (ii) is or becomes available to Stonehill or its Representatives from a source other than the Company or its Representatives; (iii) is or becomes generally available to the public;
or (iv) has been or is independently developed by Stonehill or its Representatives without the use of the Confidential Information or in violation of the terms of this Confidentiality Agreement; provided, however, that (A) in
the case of (i) and (ii), such information was not known 

by Stonehill or its Representatives to have been provided in violation of any contractual, fiduciary or other legal obligation of confidentiality owed to the Company or any Affiliate thereof; and
(B) in the case of (iii), such information becomes available other than as a result of a disclosure by Stonehill or its Representatives in violation of this Confidentiality Agreement. 

(c) 

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

(d) 

Law shall mean any law (including common law), rule, code, ordinance or regulation of
any governmental entity, including the rules of any stock exchange on which any securities of the Company is traded; 

(e) 

person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company,
business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization; 

(f) 

Representatives means, with respect to any person, such persons Affiliates and
such persons and such persons Affiliates attorneys, advisors, managers, directors, officers and employees, it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this Confidentiality Agreement, the Stonehill Principal shall be deemed
to be a Representative of the Company and not to be a Representative of Stonehill; and 

(g) 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

2. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Confidentiality Agreement, the Stonehill Principal may disclose
Confidential Information to Stonehill or any of its Representatives. Stonehill shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, keep the Confidential Information strictly confidential and not disclose any Confidential Information to any person other
than those of its Representatives who need to know such Confidential Information to assist Stonehill for the purposes of advising, monitoring and evaluating its investment in the Company (the Purpose). Stonehill understands
and agrees that the disclosure of any Confidential Information by the Stonehill Principal will be subject in all cases to the Stonehill Principals fiduciary duties to the Company under Delaware Law. 

3. 

Stonehill agrees not to claim or contend that the Company has waived any attorney-client privilege, work
product doctrine or any other applicable privilege by sharing information with the Stonehill Principal in his capacity as a director of the Company, by entering into this Confidentiality Agreement or otherwise. 

4. 

Stonehill shall (a) inform its Representatives to whom Confidential Information is disclosed of the terms
of this Confidentiality Agreement and Companys Regulation FD obligations and (b) direct its Representatives, to the extent they receive Confidential Information, to keep such Confidential Information confidential in accordance with the
terms of this Confidentiality Agreement. Stonehill agrees to be responsible for any breaches of any of the provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement by the Stonehill Principal or by any of its Representatives as if they were a party hereto (it
being understood that such responsibility shall be in addition to and not by way of limitation of any right or remedy the Company may have against the Stonehill Principal or Stonehills

2 

Representatives with respect to such breach). Stonehill agrees that it shall use its reasonable efforts to undertake all measures reasonably necessary or appropriate to restrain Stonehills
Representatives from prohibited or unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information. Each of Stonehill and the Stonehill Principal agrees to use reasonable efforts to undertake all measures reasonably necessary or appropriate to
safeguard and protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information disclosed to the Stonehill Principal, Stonehill or any of Stonehills Representatives and to prevent the use of any Confidential Information in any way that would violate
any applicable Law or this Confidentiality Agreement. Stonehill shall notify the Company promptly, in writing, of any misuse, misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information which may come to Stonehills attention.

5. 

Stonehill acknowledges the Companys Regulation FD obligations pursuant to the Exchange Act. Stonehill
further acknowledges and agrees that all Confidential Information received by the Stonehill Principal in his capacity as a director of the Company is of a confidential nature and may include material
non-public information under Regulation FD. 

6. 

Stonehill hereby acknowledges that it is aware (a) of its obligations under U.S. securities laws and
regulations; (b) that the Confidential Information received by the Stonehill Principal may contain material non-public information concerning the Company and such information in the possession of the
Stonehill Principal, being a Representative of Stonehill, may be imputed to Stonehill for the purposes of U.S. securities laws and regulations; and (c) that U.S. securities laws and regulations may restrict any person who has material, non-public information concerning an issuer from purchasing or selling securities of such issuer or communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that
such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities. 

7. 

Stonehill and its Representatives shall in any event and without further restriction or limitation be free to
trade or engage in transactions with respect to the Companys securities during periods when members of the Board are not restricted from doing so by a blackout period generally imposed on directors by the Company. Upon the request of
Stonehill, the Company shall disclose to Stonehill whether a blackout period is in effect, the next scheduled blackout period or the next available expected open window director trading period, to the extent one has been determined.

8. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in this Confidentiality Agreement, in the event Stonehill or
any of its Representatives is required by Law or any oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoenas, civil investigative demands or similar processes in connection with any lawsuit, claim or proceeding before any
court (Legal Proceeding) or made pursuant to applicable Law, regulation, stock exchange rule or any request for information from any governmental authority (other than a request by a regulatory authority in the course of a
routine examination not specifically directed at the Company) with jurisdiction over the person from whom information is sought (Legal Requirement), in each case, solely to the extent required to disclose all or any part of
the Confidential Information (as determined based on the advice of outside legal counsel), Stonehill agrees, and agrees to instruct its Representatives, to the extent permitted 

3 

by applicable Law, (a) to promptly notify the Company of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such external demand or other requirement and (b) to cooperate with the
Company, at the Companys expense, in seeking a protective order or other appropriate remedy to the extent available under the circumstances. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or not available or that the
Company waives compliance with the provisions hereof, Stonehill or its Representatives, as the case may be, (i) may disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which Stonehill or its Representatives are advised by outside legal
counsel is legally required to be disclosed, (ii) shall inform the recipient of such Confidential Information of the existence of this Confidentiality Agreement and the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and (iii) shall
use reasonable efforts, at the Companys expense, to obtain assurances that confidential treatment will be accorded to the Confidential Information. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that there shall be no Legal
Requirement or Law requiring Stonehill or any of its Representatives to make any disclosure of any kind solely by virtue of the fact that, absent such disclosure, such person would be prohibited from purchasing, selling or engaging in voluntary
transactions with respect to the securities of the Company or such person would be unable to file any proxy, tender offer or exchange offer materials in compliance with Section 14 of the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder. Nothing
in this Confidentiality Agreement shall prohibit or restrict any person from reporting what it reasonably believes to be violations of federal Law to any governmental authority pursuant to Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Rule 21F promulgated
thereunder. 

9. 

Within ten (10) days following the termination of this Confidentiality Agreement in accordance with its
terms, to the extent they received Confidential Information in accordance with the terms of this Confidentiality Agreement, Stonehill and its Representatives shall, upon the written request of the Company (email being sufficient), either promptly
(a) destroy the Confidential Information and any copies thereof or (b) return to the Company all Confidential Information and any copies thereof, and in either case, certify in writing to the Company (email being sufficient) that all such
material has been destroyed or returned, as applicable, in compliance with this Confidentiality Agreement; provided, however, that Stonehill and its Representatives shall be permitted to retain Confidential Information to the extent
necessary to comply with applicable Law, professional standards or Stonehill or its Representatives bona fide document retention policies of general application or for the purpose of backup, recovery, contingency planning or business
continuity planning so long as the Confidential Information is not accessible in the ordinary course of business and is not accessed except as intended and required for backup, recovery, contingency planning or business continuity planning purposes.
To the extent any Confidential Information is retained pursuant to the preceding sentence, Stonehill and its Representatives shall continue to be bound by the obligations contained herein with respect to such Confidential Information retained by
Stonehill or its Representatives. 

4 

10. 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the
non-breaching party would be irreparably injured by an actual breach of this Confidentiality Agreement and that monetary remedies would be inadequate to protect the
non-breaching party against any actual or threatened breach or continuation of any breach of this Confidentiality Agreement. Without prejudice to any other rights and remedies otherwise available to the
parties under this Confidentiality Agreement, the parties shall be entitled to seek equitable relief by way of injunction or otherwise and specific performance of the provisions hereof upon satisfying the requirements to obtain such relief without
the necessity of posting a bond or other security. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for a breach of this Confidentiality Agreement but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to the non-breaching party. 

11. 

Stonehill agrees that (a) none of the Company or its Representatives shall have any liability to Stonehill
or any of its Representatives resulting from the selection, use or content of the Confidential Information by Stonehill or its Representatives and (b) none of the Company or its Representatives makes any representation or warranty, express or
implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential Information. For the avoidance of doubt, this Confidentiality Agreement does not create any obligation on the part of the Company or its Representatives to provide Stonehill or any of
its Representatives with any Confidential Information, nor shall it entitle Stonehill or any of its Representatives to participate in any meeting of the Board or any committee thereof without the prior consent of the Board. All Confidential
Information shall remain the property of the Company and its Affiliates. Neither Stonehill nor any of its Representatives shall by virtue of any disclosure of, or Stonehills or its Representatives use of, any Confidential Information
acquire any rights with respect thereto; all such rights shall remain exclusively with the Company and its Affiliates. Stonehill and its Representatives may initiate contact with any officer or employee of the Company to the extent such contact is
in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice prior to the execution of this Confidentiality Agreement. 

12. 

Except as otherwise set forth herein, this Confidentiality Agreement and the obligations and restrictions
hereunder shall terminate twelve (12) months from the date on which no Affiliate of Stonehill serves as a director of the Company; provided, however, that any liability for breach of this Confidentiality Agreement prior to
termination under this Section 12 shall survive such termination. 

13. 

No failure or delay by any party or any of its Representatives in exercising any right, power or privilege
under this Confidentiality Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no modification hereof shall be effective, unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

14. 

The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof under the laws of any jurisdiction shall
not affect its legality, validity or enforceability under the laws of any other jurisdiction, nor the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 

15. 

Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Confidentiality Agreement (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any
federal court within the State of Delaware). Each party agrees not to commence any legal proceedings related hereto except in such Court of Chancery (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a
particular matter, in any federal court within the State of Delaware). By execution and delivery of this Confidentiality 

5 

Agreement, each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and to the appellate courts therefrom solely for the purposes of disputes arising
under this Confidentiality Agreement and not as a general submission to such jurisdiction or with respect to any other dispute, matter or claim whatsoever. The parties hereto irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the
aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the delivery of copies thereof by overnight courier to the address for such party to which notices are deliverable hereunder. Any such service of process shall be effective upon delivery.
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to stay or dismiss any action or proceeding under or in connection with this Confidentiality Agreement
brought before the foregoing courts on the basis of (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason, or that it or any of its property is immune from the above-described legal
process, (b) any claim that such action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that venue for the action or proceeding is improper or that this Confidentiality Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, or (c) any
other defense that would hinder or delay the levy, execution or collection of any amount to which any party hereto is entitled pursuant to any final judgment of any court having jurisdiction. 

16. 

All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals and other communications provided for herein shall be
in writing and shall be deemed validly given, made or served, if (a) sent by email to the email addresses specified in this subsection or (b) if given by any other means, when actually received during normal business hours at the address
specified in this subsection: 

if to the Company: 

Veradigm Inc. 

222 Merchandise
Mart 

Chicago, IL 60654 

Attention: Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and 

Corporate Secretary 

Email:
eric.jacobson@veradigm.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sidley Austin LLP 

One South
Dearborn Street 

Chicago, IL 60603 

Attention: Beth E. Berg; Gary Gerstman 

Email: bberg@sidley.com; ggerstman@sidley.com 

6 

If to Stonehill: 

Stonehill Capital Management LLC 

320 Park Ave., 26th Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

Attention:
Paul Malek 

Email: pmalek@stonehillcap.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Proskauer Rose LLP 

Eleven Times
Square 

New York, NY 10036 

Attention: Louis Rambo; Joshua Apfelroth 

Email: lrambo@proskauer.com; japfelroth@proskauer.com 

If to the Stonehill Principal: 

Jonathan Sacks 

c/o Stonehill
Capital Management LLC 

320 Park Ave., 26th Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

Email:
jsacks@stonehillcap.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Proskauer Rose LLP 

Eleven Times
Square 

New York, NY 10036 

Attention: Louis Rambo; Joshua Apfelroth 

Email: lrambo@proskauer.com; japfelroth@proskauer.com 

17. 

Prior to execution of this Confidentiality Agreement, the Company has taken all necessary action to appoint the
Stonehill Principal to the Board. If the Company holds a meeting of stockholders within one year from the date hereof for the purpose of electing directors, the Company shall, unless the Board determines that doing so would be inconsistent with its
fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (a) include the Stonehill Principal in its slate of nominees for election as a director of the Company at such meeting of stockholders and (b) in connection therewith, list the Stonehill Principal in
the proxy statement and proxy card for such meeting of stockholders and recommend that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of the Stonehill Principal. 

18. 

Prior to the execution of this Confidentiality Agreement, the Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer
Solutions, LLC, as rights agent (the Rights Agent), entered into an amendment to that certain Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2024, as amended (the Rights Plan), by and
between the Company and the Rights Agent as set forth on Annex A hereto. The Company represents that, as of the date of this Confidentiality Agreement, except as publicly disclosed in filings made by the Company

7 

with the Securities and Exchange Commission and consistent with Annex A, the Company has not amended the Rights Plan. The Company agrees that the Company will not (a) amend the Rights Plan
to eliminate (or enter into any other stockholder rights plan or poison pill that eliminates) the provisions set forth on Annex A or (b) amend, alter or modify the Rights Plan to include or eliminate (or enter into any other stockholder rights
plan or poison pill that includes) any other provision that conflicts with or has the effect of superseding the provisions set forth on Annex A, it being understood that the expiration or termination of the Rights Plan shall not constitute any
amendment, alteration or modification prohibited by this sentence. This Section 18 shall survive termination of this Confidentiality Agreement. 

19. 

This Confidentiality Agreement (including the exhibits thereto) constitutes the only agreement between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written. This Confidentiality Agreement may be amended only by an agreement in writing
executed by the parties hereto. 

20. 

This Confidentiality Agreement shall not be assignable by operation of Law or otherwise by a party without the
consent of the other party. Any purported assignment without such consent is void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing sentence, this Confidentiality Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the
permitted successors and assigns of each party. 

21. 

For purposes of this Confidentiality Agreement, whenever the context requires: (i) the singular number
shall include the plural, and vice versa; (ii) the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; (iii) the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and (iv) the neuter gender shall include
masculine and feminine genders. As used in this Confidentiality Agreement, the words include and including, and words of similar meaning, shall not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather shall be deemed to be
followed by the words without limitation. Except as otherwise indicated, all references in this Confidentiality Agreement to Sections are intended to refer to Sections of this Confidentiality Agreement. All references in this
Confidentiality Agreement to $ are intended to refer to U.S. dollars. The term or shall not be deemed to be exclusive. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import,
when used in this Confidentiality Agreement, refer to this Confidentiality Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Confidentiality Agreement. References in this Confidentiality Agreement to as of the date hereof,
as of the date of this Confidentiality Agreement or words of similar import shall be deemed to mean as of immediately prior to the execution and delivery of this Confidentiality Agreement. 

22. 

Each party to this Confidentiality Agreement acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice
throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Confidentiality Agreement and that it has executed this Confidentiality Agreement with the advice of such counsel. 

8 

23. 

This Confidentiality Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (including by fax, .jpeg, .gif, .bmp
and .pdf), each of which when so executed shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Confidentiality Agreement to be duly
executed as of date first above written. 

VERADIGM INC.

By: /s/ Eric Jacobson

Name: Eric Jacobson

Title: Senior Vice President, Deputy General

Counsel and Corporate Secretary

Confidentiality
Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Confidentiality Agreement to be duly
executed as of date first above written. 

STONEHILL CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Jonathan Sacks

Name: Jonathan Sacks

Title: Partner

JONATHAN SACKS

/s/ Jonathan Sacks

Confidentiality
Agreement 

Annex A 

Rights Plan Amendment 

See attached. 

Annex A 

AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This Amendment No. 4 to Stockholder Rights Agreement (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of
March 18, 2025, by and between Veradigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, as rights agent (the Rights
Agent), and amends that certain Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2024 (as amended as of May 10, 2024, as of February 13, 2025 and as of February 20, 2025, the Rights
Agreement), by and between the Company and the Rights Agent. All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Rights Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to amend the Rights Agreement as set
forth herein; 

WHEREAS, subject to certain limited exceptions, Section 27 of the Rights Agreement provides that the Company
may, in its sole and absolute discretion, and the Rights Agent shall if the Company so directs, amend any provision of the Rights Agreement in any respect without the approval of any holders of the Rights; 

WHEREAS, this Amendment is permitted by Section 27 of the Rights Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 27 of the Rights Agreement, the Company hereby directs that the Rights Agreement shall be amended as
set forth in this Amendment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and mutual covenants and agreements set
forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Rights Agent hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1. Amendment to Section 1. The definition of Distribution Time and the definition of
Exempt Person set forth in Section 1 of the Rights Agreement are hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

Distribution Time shall mean the earlier of (i) the Close of Business on the tenth (10th) day after the Stock
Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth (10th) day after the Stock Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the Close of Business on the Record Date) or (ii) the Close of Business on the tenth (10th) Business Day (or, if such tenth (10th)
Business Day occurs before the Record Date, the Close of Business on the Record Date), or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, after the date that a tender or
exchange offer by any Person (other than any Person described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Exempt Person) is first published or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of
the Exchange Act Regulations, if upon consummation thereof, such Person would become an Acquiring Person. 

Exempt
Person shall mean (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any officer, director or employee of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company solely in respect of such Persons status or authority as such
(including any fiduciary capacity), (iii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company or any entity or trustee 

A-1 

holding (or acting in a fiduciary capacity in respect of) shares of capital stock of the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or for the purpose of funding other employee
benefits for employees of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or (iv) Stonehill Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Stonehill) or any Affiliate of Stonehill until the earlier of
(A) the Close of Business on the day on which the Beneficial Ownership of Stonehill, together with the Beneficial Ownership of all of Stonehills Related Persons, ceases to be below 20% of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding (other
than as a result of (i) an acquisition of shares of Common Stock by the Company, (ii) any unilateral grant of any security by the Company, (iii) the exercise of any options, warrants, rights or similar interests (including restricted
stock) granted by the Company to its directors, officers or employees or (iv) security purchases or issuances (including debt to equity exchanges), directly from the Company or indirectly through an underwritten offering of the Company, in a
transaction approved by the Board) and (B) if at any time after the execution and delivery of Amendment No. 4 to Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent, the Board
appoints any Affiliate or partner of Stonehill to the Board, the Close of Business on the day on which (I) such Affiliate or partner or any other Affiliate or partner of Stonehill appointed to the Board ceases to serve as a member of the Board
or to be an Affiliate or partner of Stonehill and (II) Stonehill or any Affiliate of Stonehill fails to satisfy the requirements set forth in clauses (A) and (B) of the definition of Passive Investor, other than as a result of Stonehill or
any Affiliate of Stonehill communicating privately with any director or officer of the Company (or any designee of any such director or officer), whether or not such private communication is in response to any request of any such director, officer
or designee, or engaging in internal communications or preparations in anticipation thereof. 

Section 2. Amendment to
Section 11. Section 11(a)(ii) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended so as to delete (other than any Exempt Person). 

Section 3. Amendment to Exhibit C. Exhibit C to the Rights Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

The paragraph captioned Additional Information on page C-5 shall be removed and replaced
with the following: 

Additional Information. A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits to a registration statement on Form 8-A (Amendment No. 3) filed on March 18, 2025 and a current report on Form
8-K. A copy of the Rights Agreement is also available free of charge from the Company. 

Section 4. Effective Date; Effect. This Amendment is effective as of the date first set forth above. Except as modified hereby,
the Rights Agreement is reaffirmed in all respects, and all references therein to the Agreement shall mean the Rights Agreement, as modified hereby. 

Section 5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all
purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within such State. 

A-2 

Section 6. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Amendment is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect and shall in
no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. If any such excluded term, provision, covenant or restriction shall affect the rights, immunities, duties or obligations of the Rights Agent in an adverse manner, then the Rights Agent shall be entitled
to resign immediately upon written notice to the Company. 

Section 7. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by
facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., pdf) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

Section 8. No Modification. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise alter,
modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Rights Agreement, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 

Section 9. Headings. The headings of the sections of this Amendment have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall
in no way restrict or otherwise modify any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

A-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of
the date first written above. 

VERADIGM INC.

By: /s/ Eric Jacobson

Name: Eric Jacobson

Title: Senior Vice President, Deputy

General Counsel and Corporate

Secretary

BROADRIDGE CORPORATE ISSUER SOLUTIONS, LLC

By: /s/ John P. Dunn

Name: John P. Dunn

Title: Senior Vice President, Sales

Amendment No. 4
to Stockholder Rights Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d877339dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Veradigm Announces Appointment of Two New Independent Directors and Transition of Board Leadership

Appoints Jonathan Sacks and Bruce Felt to the Board 

Lou Silverman to succeed Greg Garrison as Chairman 

CHICAGO March 18, 2025 Veradigm Inc. (OTCMKTS: MDRX) (Veradigm or the Company), a leading
provider of healthcare data and technology solutions, announced today its Board of Directors (the Board) appointed two new independent directors, Jonathan Sacks and Bruce Felt, to the Board, effective March 19, 2025, and that Lou
Silverman will succeed Greg Garrison as Chairman upon his retirement from the Board on that date. In addition, Mr. Felt will become the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board upon Mr. Garrisons retirement. Further, independent
director Vinit Asar has been named Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

Mr. Sacks is a Partner at Stonehill Capital Management LLC
(Stonehill), where he has been for over 20 years, and brings deep financial expertise and strategic insight to the Board. At Stonehill he has led and managed debt and equity investments across many industries including healthcare and
software. While at Stonehill, Mr. Sacks has had extensive experience investing in companies undergoing complex transitions such as accounting challenges, delistings, and capital structure changes. Stonehill,
through funds it manages on behalf of institutional investors and others, is Veradigms largest shareholder. 

Mr. Felt has served as Chief
Financial Officer (CFO) at several public companies in the technology space, including most recently at Domo (NASDAQ: DOMO), a cloud software company that specializes in business intelligence tools and data visualization. During his nearly nine-year
tenure as CFO, Mr. Felt oversaw the scaling of Domos enterprise cloud business and helped take the company public in 2018. Prior to Domo, he served as CFO at SAP SuccessFactors (NASDAQ: SFSF) and FullTime Software (NASDAQ: FTSW),
overseeing the sales of both companies. He currently serves on the board of directors of Cambium Networks (NASDAQ: CMBM), including as Audit Committee Chair. Mr. Felt also previously served as lead independent director and Audit Committee Chair
at Evolent Health (NYSE: EVH).

Veradigm remains focused on strong governance and strategic oversight as we continue to drive innovation and
seek to maximize value for our stockholders, said Mr. Garrison. On behalf of the entire Board, I am pleased to welcome Jonathan and Bruce, who bring deep leadership, financial stewardship, and technology experience to the Board.
Additionally, we are confident that with Bruces extensive financial and accounting background, he is highly qualified to serve as Audit Committee Chair. 

Mr. Garrison continued I am very pleased that Lou Silverman has agreed to assume the role of Chairman upon my departure. With Lous 30 years
of leadership experience in health information technology and technology-enabled healthcare services, the Board is confident in his ability to lead the Board as it oversees Veradigms next phase. 

It will be an honor to serve as Veradigms Chairman of the Board as the Company navigates this important time, said Mr. Silverman.
I want to thank Greg for his leadership and vision, and I look forward to working closely with the rest of the Board as we focus on our priorities: remediating our material weaknesses and other internal control deficiencies, becoming
current in our financial reporting, executing our growth strategy, and relisting our common stock. 

The appointments of Messrs. Felt and Sacks to
the Board satisfy Veradigms obligations under the February 2025 Cooperation Agreement with Kent Lake PR LLC. 

About Veradigm

Veradigm is a healthcare technology company that drives value through its unique combination of platforms, data, expertise, connectivity, and scale. The
Veradigm Network features a dynamic community of solutions and partners providing advanced insights, technology, and data-driven solutions for the healthcare provider, payer, and biopharma markets. For more information about how Veradigm is
fulfilling its mission of Transforming Health, Insightfully,visit www.veradigm.com, or find Veradigm on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. 

2025 Veradigm LLC and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Cited marks are the property of
Veradigm LLC and/or its affiliates. All other product or company names are the property of their respective holders, all rights reserved. 

For more
information contact: 

Investors: 

Jenny Gelinas

312-506-1237

jenny.gelinas@veradigm.com 

Media: 

Amanda Cohen 

412-919-2417

amanda.cohen@veradigm.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mdrx-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mdrx-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mdrx-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g877339g0318222524280.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g877339g0318223032284.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name VERADIGM INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-32085

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4392754

Entity Address Address Line 1 222 Merchandise Mart

Entity Address City Or Town Chicago

Entity Address State Or Province IL

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 60654

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 334-8534

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol MDRX

Security Exchange Name NONE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001124804

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://veradigm.com//20250318/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d877339d8k.htm 
mdrx-20250318.xsd 
mdrx-20250318_lab.xml 
mdrx-20250318_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-056747-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d877339d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001124804 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

NONE 
false 
0001124804 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
VERADIGM INC. 
DE 
000-32085 
36-4392754 
222 Merchandise Mart 
Chicago 
IL 
60654 
800 
334-8534 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
MDRX 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>