<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001100.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001100.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106083029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250101
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Limbach Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001606163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36541
		FILM NUMBER:		25509145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		797 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
		CITY:			WARRENDALE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412) 359-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		797 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
		CITY:			WARRENDALE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15086

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	1347 Capital Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140422
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251883d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000160616300016061632025-01-012025-01-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 1, 2025

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)

Delaware 001-36541 46-5399422

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

797
Commonwealth Drive, Warrendale, Pennsylvania15086

(Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (412) 359-2100

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.0001 par value LMB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

(e) Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers.

Adoption of Severance
Plan

On January 1, 2025 Limbach
Holdings, Inc. (the Company) implemented the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance and Change in Control
Plan, effective January 1, 2025 (the Severance Plan). The purpose of the Severance Plan is to provide financial support
to a group of senior-level executives of the Company (the Covered Executives) following a qualifying termination of employment,
consistent with the Companys values and culture and to help attract and retain highly qualified employees essential to the Companys
success. Under the Severance Plan, Covered Executives involuntarily terminated without cause (or who resign for good reason) outside
a specified change in control period may be eligible for severance equal to the executives annual base salary plus a bonus
amount, as well as continuation payments made for the purposes of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended (COBRA Continuation Payments), all as more fully set forth in the Severance Plan. Covered executives involuntarily
terminated without cause (or who resign for good reason) within the specified change in control period may be eligible for severance
at a higher multiple of annual base salary plus a bonus amount, additional COBRA Continuation Payments, and accelerated
or pro-rated vesting of outstanding equity awards, all as more fully set forth in the Severance Plan.

The Severance Plan includes
provisions addressing offsets, potential clawbacks, compliance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, and other administrative
details.

This description is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Severance Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Approval of New Equity Award Forms

On January 1, 2025, the
Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Company approved two new forms of restricted stock unit (RSU)
award agreements (together, the New Equity Award Forms) under the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus
Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the Plan). These New Equity Award Forms consist of a:

Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

Performance-based restricted
stock units (PSUs) vest based on pre-established performance goals tied to relative total shareholder return over a specified
performance period. Unvested PSUs may be forfeited upon certain termination events and accelerated vesting may occur in connection with
other events. The form agreement includes procedures for satisfying tax withholding obligations and contains restrictive covenants such
as non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement obligations, with the possibility of forfeiture of the units, recovery of
shares by the Company and any other available remedies for non-compliance. This New Equity Award Form also has new provisions that
take into account the Severance Plan.

Time-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement

Time-based restricted stock
units (RSUs) vest in installments over a predetermined schedule; subject to the participants continuous service.
Unvested RSUs are generally forfeited upon termination of employment. The agreement includes procedures for satisfying tax withholding
obligations and contains restrictive covenants such as non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement obligations, with the
possibility of forfeiture of the units, recovery of shares by the Company and any other available remedies for non-compliance. The RSU
form is based on the form previously used by the Company but also has new provisions that take into account the Severance Plan.

These descriptions are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Time-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 hereto, respectively and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

No. Description

10.1 Limbach Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan

10.2 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

10.3 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Jayme L. Brooks

Name: Jayme L. Brooks

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Dated: January 6, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251883d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Limbach Holdings, Inc.

Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan

1. Purpose. Limbach Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, and any successor
that assumes the obligations of the Company under the Plan, by way of merger, acquisition, or otherwise, the Company),
hereby adopts the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan, effective January 1, 2025 (the Plan).
The purpose of the Plan is to provide financial support to a select group of senior-level executives of the Company in the period following
the termination of their employment, consistent with the values and culture of the Company, and to recognize the valuable contributions
made by eligible employees to the Company. The Company further believes that the Plan will help attract and retain highly qualified employees
who are essential to its success. Please note that the laws relating to employee benefit plans change frequently and are complex, and
if a Plan provision is inconsistent with a law, regulation or ruling, then the Plan Administrator using its powers and authority (including,
but not limited to in Section 8 hereof) under the Plan will have the sole right and authority to administer the Plan in accordance
with the new law, regulation or ruling, regardless of the terms described herein.1
Each Covered Executive will be notified of material changes to the Plan in accordance with applicable law. Each Covered Executive should
keep a copy of the Plan and the applicable Participation Agreement for his or her records, along with any future materials furnished to
such Covered Executive about changes to the Plan.

2. Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms will be defined as set forth below:

a. Accounting Firm has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.

b. Base Salary means, as applicable, a Covered Executives annual base salary in effect as of the Termination
Date, including any salary reductions under Code Sections 132(f), 125, or 401(k), and excluding overtime, bonuses, benefits-in-kind, allowances
or other incentives, and any other forms of extra compensation (for example, commissions).

c. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

d. Bonus Amount means the higher of (i) a Covered Executives annual cash incentive bonus at the target
level or its equivalent as determined by the Compensation Committee under any annual incentive plan maintained by the Company and in which
the Covered Executive participates for the year in which the termination of his or her employment occurs, or (ii) a Covered Executives
actual annual cash incentive bonus payout from the prior year, in each case of (i) and (ii) pro-rated for the period of the
Covered Executives service in any performance period determined by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee will
base such determinations on actual performance and using the latest planned forecast during the applicable performance period as though
such Covered Executive continued in the employment of the Company. Such Bonus Amount shall be prorated based on the number of days during
the applicable performance period that the Covered Executive was employed by the Company, and paid at such time that annual bonuses are
paid to active employees of the Company. If actual performance cannot be determined, the Bonus Amount would be determined based on a pro-rated
incentive bonus at the target level or its equivalent as determined by the Compensation Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, should
the Covered Executives Termination Date occur after the completion of any performance period for an annual cash incentive bonus
but before the payout of such annual cash incentive bonus the Covered Executive will also be paid such annual cash incentive bonus based
on actual performance at such time that annual bonuses are paid to active employees of the Company.

1

e. Cause means (i) the refusal or neglect of the Covered Executive to perform substantially his or her employment
related duties, (ii) the Covered Executives personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct or breach of fiduciary duty,
(iii) the Covered Executives indictment for, conviction of or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime constituting
a felony or his or her willful violation of any applicable law (other than a traffic violation or other offense or violation outside of
the course of employment which in no way adversely affects the Company and its Subsidiaries or their reputation or the ability of the
Covered Executive to perform his or her employment related duties or to represent the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that employs
such Covered Executive), (iv) the Covered Executives failure to reasonably cooperate, following a request to do so by the
Company, in any internal or governmental investigation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (v) the Covered Executives
material breach of any written covenant or agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to disclose any information pertaining
to the Company or such Subsidiary or not to compete or interfere with the Company or such Subsidiary.

f. Change in Control has the meaning given to such term in the Omnibus Plan (as defined herein).

g. Change in Control Period means the three (3) months prior to, and the twelve (12) months following the consummation
of a Change in Control of the Company.

h. Chief Executive Officer means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

i. CIC Qualifying Termination means the involuntary termination of a Covered Executives employment by the
Company without Cause or a voluntary resignation by a Covered Executive for Good Reason, in either case, during the Change in Control
Period.

j. CIC Severance has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.b

k. COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended.

l. COBRA Continuation Payment has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.h.i.

m. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

n. Company has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.

o. Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

p. Covered Executive means a salaried employee of the Company who is eligible to receive benefits pursuant to Section 3
of the Plan and who has timely and properly executed and delivered a Participation Agreement to the Company. No employee of the Company
who is a party to any other individual agreement or arrangement that provides for severance payments or benefits other than pursuant to
the Plan will be considered a Covered Executive and will be excluded from coverage under the Plan, unless otherwise explicitly provided
in a written agreement with the Company.

q. Disability shall have the meaning assigned to such term in any individual employment or severance agreement or
Award Agreement with the Covered Executive or, if no such agreement exists or the agreement does not define Disability,
Disability means, with respect to any Covered Executive, that such Covered Executive (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful
activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected
to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical
or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan
covering Employees of the Company or an Affiliate thereof.

2

r. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

s. Excise Tax has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.

t. Good Reason means the occurrence of one or more of the following: without a Covered Executives written
consent: (i) a material reduction in the Covered Executives then-current Base Salary or Target Bonus; (ii) a material
diminution in the Covered Executives authorities, duties, or responsibilities, or the assignment to the Covered Executive of duties
inconsistent with the Covered Executives then-current authorities, duties or responsibilities; (iii) the Companys requiring
the Covered Executive to be based at an office location which is at least fifty (50) miles from his or her then-current office location
and which materially increases such Covered Executives travel time from his or her then-current residence; or (iv) failure
of any successor of the Company to expressly assume the Plan; provided, that the Covered Executive may not rely on any particular
action or event as a basis for terminating his or her employment due to Good Reason unless he or she delivers a notice based on that action
or event within ninety (90) days after its occurrence and the Company has failed to correct the circumstances cited by the Covered Executive
as constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice, and the Covered Executive terminates employment within sixty
(60) days following the last date on which the Company was permitted to correct the circumstances cited by the Covered Executive as constituting
Good Reason. However, no event shall be considered to constitute Good Reason if the Covered Executive is offered comparable employment
with respect to his or her position without giving effect to the events allegedly constituting Good Reason, by the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company, regardless of whether the Covered Executive accepts such offer of employment. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company
corrects the circumstances cited by the Covered Executive as constituting Good Reason during the cure period noted above then the Covered
Executive shall not be eligible to claim Good Reason termination. An action or event shall only constitute Good Reason for purposes of
this Plan if such action or event constitutes good reason within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(n)(2).

u. Non-CIC Severance has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.a.

v. Non-CIC Qualifying Termination means the involuntary termination of a Covered Executives employment by
the Company without Cause or a voluntary resignation by a Covered Executive for Good Reason, in either case, outside of the Change in
Control Period.

w. Omnibus Plan means the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan, as may be amended
from time to time, or any successor plan thereto.

x. Participation Agreement means the individual agreement provided by the Plan Administrator to a Covered Executive,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, which acknowledges the Covered Executives participation in
the Plan and which has been signed and accepted by the Covered Executive.

y. Plan has the meaning given to such term in Section 1.

3

z. Plan Administrator means the Company, acting through the Compensation Committee or another duly constituted committee
of members of the Board or its delegate, or any person to whom the Plan Administrator has delegated any authority or responsibility with
respect to the Plan pursuant to Section 8.a, but only to the extent of such delegation.

aa. Senior Leadership Team means a Covered Executive designated as a Senior Leadership Team Covered Executive by
the Compensation Committee.

bb. Severance means, individually or collectively (as the context requires), the CIC Severance and the Non-CIC Severance.

cc. Target Bonus means the Covered Executives target annual bonus, if any, under the applicable annual incentive
compensation plan of the Company for the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs.

dd. Termination Date means the effective date of a Covered Executives termination of employment with the Company.

ee. WARN Act means the U.S. Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or any state or local pay in
lieu of notice law or regulation.

3. Eligibility for Severance Benefits.

a. Right to Severance Benefits. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Covered Executive will be eligible to receive the Severance
described in Section 4 in the event of a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination or a CIC Qualifying Termination. Whether a termination is
for Cause shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and such interpretation shall be conclusive and binding on all parties.
Nothing in this Section 3 is to be construed as modifying or altering an employees employment-at-will status.

b. Ineligibility for Severance Benefits. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, an employee will not
be eligible for Severance under the Plan in connection with any of the following:

i. voluntary resignation without Good Reason or voluntary retirement;

ii. death or Disability;

iii. involuntary termination for Cause;

iv. loss of status as a Covered Executive eligible for Severance under the Plan prior to the Termination Date;

In addition, an employee will not be eligible for Severance
under this Plan if, at the time of termination of employment, he or she is receiving disability payments under a Company sponsored disability
plan or program or is on leave and would otherwise have been terminated, and the reason for such termination would have entitled him or
her to Severance hereunder unless and until the cessation of such disability payments or leave.

4. Severance Benefits. A Covered Executive shall be eligible to receive the benefits described in this Section 4 only if
he or she meets the eligibility criteria for Severance described in Section 3 and has signed a Participation Agreement under the
Plan.

Note: Nothing in this
Section 4, the Plan, a Participation Agreement, an employment agreement or an offer letter from the Company shall entitle a Covered
Executive to receive duplicate benefits in connection with a termination of employment. For example, in no event will a Covered Executive
be eligible for benefits under both this Plan and an employment agreement between a Covered Executive and the Company. The obligation
of the Company to make payments or provide benefits hereunder is expressly conditioned upon the Covered Executive not receiving duplicate
payments.

4

a. Non-CIC Severance. In the event of a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination (and to the extent the Covered Executive satisfies the
eligibility requirements set forth in Section 3), a Covered Executive will receive the following payments, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan (including the requirement that the Covered Executive execute a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims,
as described in Section 4.i.i herein):

Employment Level Cash Severance COBRA Continuation Payment

Chief Executive Officer & Senior Leadership Team 

1x Base Salary plus

Bonus Amount 12 months

The Cash Severance and the COBRA Continuation
Payment set forth above, plus the bonus award treatment described below in Section 4.c, are collectively referred to herein as the
Non-CIC Severance.

b. CIC Severance. In the event of a CIC Qualifying Termination (and to the extent the Covered Executive satisfies the eligibility
requirements set forth in Section 3, a Covered Executive will receive the following payments, subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan (including the requirement that the Covered Executive execute a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims, as described
in Section 4.i.i herein):

Employment Level Cash Severance COBRA Continuation Payment

Chief Executive Officer 

3x Base Salary plus

Bonus Amount 36 months

Senior Leadership Team 

2x Base Salary plus

Bonus Amount 24 months

The Cash Severance and the COBRA Continuation
Payment set forth above, plus the bonus and equity award treatment described below in Sections 4.c and 4.d, respectively, are collectively
referred to herein as the CIC Severance.

c. Treatment of Bonus Amount in Year of Termination (Non-CIC Qualifying Termination and CIC Qualifying Termination). If a Covered
Executive experiences a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination and on the Termination Date was eligible to earn
a performance-based annual cash incentive bonus pursuant to any Company plan or other agreement or arrangement with the Company in respect
of the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs, the Covered Executive shall receive a payment equal to the Bonus Amount.

d. Treatment of Outstanding Equity Awards (CIC Qualifying Termination Only). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (including
the requirement that the Covered Executive execute a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims, as described in Section 4.i.i
herein), in the event of a CIC Qualifying Termination only, (i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Omnibus Plan or the
applicable award agreements thereunder, any outstanding and unvested time-vesting awards held by the Covered Executive under the Omnibus
Plan will automatically vest in full as of the Termination Date, and (ii) any outstanding performance-vesting awards held by the
Covered Executive under the Omnibus Plan will vest based on the Companys latest planned forecast during the applicable performance
period as though such Covered Executive continued in the employment of the Company during the applicable performance period (i.e., the
latest planned forecast for the applicable performance period will be used to determine vesting for such awards).

5

e. Certain Reductions. The amount of a Covered Executives Severance may be reduced by any amount
that he or she owes to the Company (such as cash advances, outstanding loans, applicable relocation and education assistance reimbursements, etc.).

f. Offset for WARN Act Payments. Severance under the Plan may be subject to reduction as described below in connection with certain
payments a Covered Executive may be entitled to receive pursuant to any federal, state or local plant-closing or mass layoff law (or similar
or analogous) law, including, without limitation, any WARN Act. If a Covered Executive is entitled to payment of base pay for any portion
of a WARN Act notice period during which he or she is not required to work, then any Severance hereunder may be reduced by the amount
of such payments.

g. How the Severance Payments Are Paid Any Cash Severance under the Plan shall be payable as follows: (i) in the event of
a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination, in substantially equal installments over the number of months specified in the calculation thereof in
Section 4.a following the Covered Executives employment termination date, in accordance with the Companys standard
payroll payment schedule; provided, that no portion of the Cash Severance will be payable or paid prior to the execution of, or, if applicable,
the end of the revocation period for, the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims, or (ii) in the event of a CIC Qualifying
Termination, in a lump sum as soon as reasonably practicable following the execution of, if applicable, at the end of the revocation period
for, the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims.

h. COBRA Continuation Payment and Other Benefits. Upon a termination of employment, a Covered Executive is not considered an employee
of the Company for any purpose, including eligibility under any employee benefit plan. However, as noted in Sections 4.a and 4.b, to the
extent that a Covered Executive is eligible therefor, the Severance will include a COBRA Continuation Payment.

i. COBRA Continuation Payment. If a Covered Executive was enrolled in a Company health plan on the Termination Date, the Covered
Executive will be provided with a lump-sum payment equal to the total cost of the employees portion of monthly premiums associated
with coverage under COBRA for the total number of months specified in the calculation of his or her Cash Severance (COBRA Continuation
Payment). For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Continuation Payment is a component of the Severance and is only payable if
the Covered Executive timely executes and does not revoke the Separation Agreement and General Release. It is payable as soon as reasonably
practicable following the execution of, or, if applicable, the end of the revocation period for, the Separation Agreement and General
Release of Claims.

ii. Other Benefits. Payments relating to a Covered Executives accrued and unused PTO days will be determined in accordance
with applicable law and the applicable Company plans, programs and/or policies.

6

The Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for such
other severance benefits as may be expressly communicated in a Covered Executives Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims
under the Plan, subject to any conditions or limitations as may be determined by the Plan Administrator and subject to the provisions
of Section 4.

All other employee benefit plan coverage, and eligibility to participate
in the Companys employee benefit plans, will end as of the Termination Date.

i. Other Provisions Affecting Severance Benefits.

i. Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims. The obligation of the Company to pay Severance to a Covered Executive (including
any COBRA Continuation Payments and, if applicable, accelerated vesting of any equity awards) is expressly conditioned upon the Covered
Executive timely executing and complying with the provisions of a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims in a form that will
be provided by the Company. To be eligible to receive Severance offered under this Plan, a Covered Executive must execute and return a
Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims during the requisite time period, and if applicable, must not have revoked his or her
acceptance to the terms of the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims. If a Covered Executive violates any of the provisions
of the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims, he or she may forfeit eligibility to receive any further Severance under the
Plan, and the Company may recover a portion of the Severance already paid. If the Severance constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation
within the meaning of Code Section 409A(d)(1) and the period to consider the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims
and, if applicable, to revoke the Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims plus the first regular payroll date thereafter spans
two calendar years, then no portion of the Severance, including any COBRA Continuation Payment, shall be paid until the Companys
first payroll payment date in the year following the year in which the termination of employment occurs, and any amount that is not paid
prior to such date due to such restriction shall be paid (subject to the applicable conditions) along with the installment scheduled to
be paid on that date.

ii. No Mitigation. A Covered Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any benefits provided for in the Plan by
seeking other employment and no such benefits shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to him
or her in any subsequent employment, except as provided herein.

iii. Cessation and Repayment of Severance Benefits. All payments and benefits under the Plan shall cease
immediately and be subject to repayment under any of the following circumstances:

1. Covered Executive is rehired by the Company or hired by one of its affiliates in a position commensurate
with his or her experience and training within six (6) months of the date that he or she becomes eligible for Severance;

2. upon discovery by the Company within the three (3) months following the termination of a Covered
Executives employment that while working as an employee of the Company, he or she engaged in a criminal act or any other activity
that would have constituted Cause and would have resulted in the Covered Executive being ineligible for benefits under Section 3;
or

7

3. upon discovery by the Company that the Covered Executive has violated confidentiality or other covenants
to which he or she may be subject.

4. Covered Executives Severance becomes subject to recoupment, clawback or similar right of the Company
under any clawback policy of the Company or any rule or regulation that requires the Covered Executives Severance to be clawedback
or to cease being provided.

5. Code Section 280G. If any payment or benefit received or to be received by a Covered Executive
(including any payment or benefit received pursuant to this Plan or otherwise) would be, in whole or in part, subject to the excise tax
imposed by Code Section 4999, or any successor provision thereto, or any similar tax imposed by state or local law, or any interest
or penalties with respect to such excise tax (such tax or taxes, together with any interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively
referred to as the Excise Tax), then the payments or benefits provided under this Plan or any other agreement pursuant
to which he or she receives payments that give rise to the Excise Tax will either be (a) paid in full, or (b) reduced to the
extent necessary to make such payments and benefits not subject to such Excise Tax. The Company will reduce or eliminate the payments
in the following order of priority in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A: (i) first by reducing cash compensation, (ii) next,
from equity compensation, and then (iii) pro rata among all remaining payments and benefits, in each case, in reverse order beginning
with payments that are to be paid the farthest in time from the determination. The Covered Executive will receive the greater, on an after-tax
basis, of (a) or (b). In no event will the Company be required to gross up any payment or benefit to avoid the effects of the Excise
Tax or to pay any regular or excise taxes arising from the application of the Excise Tax. Unless the Covered Executive and the Company
otherwise agree in writing, any parachute payment calculation will be made in writing by the Accounting Firm, whose calculations will
be conclusive and binding upon the Covered Executive and the Company for all purposes. The Covered Executive and the Company will furnish
to the Accounting Firm such information and documents as they may reasonably request in order to make a parachute payment determination.
The Accounting Firm also will provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, both to the Covered Executive
and the Company, before making any payments that may be subject to the Excise Tax. For purposes of the Plan, Accounting Firm
means the then-current independent auditors of the Company if they are eligible to undertake such work based on the rules and regulations
that govern such auditors, or such other nationally recognized certified public accounting firm as may be designated by the Company.

6. The Company, by action of the Plan Administrator, reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate
the Plan or amend the Plan or any Participation Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time; provided that, without a Covered Executives
written consent, (i) no amendment or termination of the Plan or any Participation Agreement shall adversely affect the rights of
any Covered Executive who has incurred a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, and (ii) no amendment or termination
of the Plan shall occur once the Change in Control Period has begun, if such amendment or termination would reduce or alter to the detriment
of a Covered Employee the benefits payable, or potentially payable, hereunder or impair a Covered Executives eligibility under
the Plan.

a. Employment Status. The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment, and nothing in the Plan provides or may be
construed to provide that participation in the Plan is a guarantee of continued employment.

8

b. Withholding of Taxes. The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under the Plan all federal,
state, local or other taxes that are legally required to be withheld.

c. No Effect on Other Benefits. Except as specially set forth herein, neither the provisions of this
Plan nor the payments and benefits provided for hereunder shall reduce any amounts otherwise payable to a Covered Executive under any
incentive, retirement, group insurance or other employee benefit plan. The Company and its affiliates reserve the right to terminate,
amend, modify, suspend, or discontinue any other plan, program or arrangement of the Company or its affiliates in accordance with such,
plan, program and arrangement and applicable law.

d. Validity and Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan, which shall remain in full force and effect, and any ruling
of invalidity or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

e. Unfunded Obligation. All payments and benefits under the Plan shall constitute unfunded obligations
of the Company. All payments and benefits under this Plan shall be provided, as due, from the general funds of the Company. The Plan shall
constitute solely an unsecured promise by the Company to provide such benefits to each Covered Executive to the extent provided herein.

f. Governing Law. This Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded employee welfare benefit plan maintained for the
purpose of providing severance benefits and a top-hat plan maintained for the benefit of a select group of management or
highly compensated employees of the Company. The Plan is intended to be excepted from the definitions of employee pension benefit
plan and pension plan set forth under ERISA Section 3(2). The Plan, each Participation Agreement and all rights
hereunder shall be governed and construed in accordance with ERISA and, to the extent not preempted by Federal law, with the laws of the
State of Delaware (unless a Covered Executives Participation Agreement provides that the laws of a different state will govern
with respect to such Covered Executive).

g. Code Section 409A. To the fullest extent possible, amounts and other benefits payable under the Plan are intended to be
exempt from the definition of nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A in accordance with one or
more exemptions available under the final Treasury Regulations promulgated under Code Section 409A. To the extent that any amount
or benefit is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A, this Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A
with respect to such amount or benefit so as to avoid the imposition of taxes and penalties. This Plan shall be interpreted and administered
to the extent possible in a manner consistent with the foregoing statements of intent.

The Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may modify
the timing of payments and benefits hereunder for the sole purpose of exempting said payments and benefits from Code Section 409A.
To the extent that any payment or benefit hereunder is modified in order to comply with Code Section 409A or is exempted from Code
Section 409A, such modification or exemption shall be made in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain
the original intent and economic benefit to a Covered Executive and the Company of the applicable payment or benefit without violating
the provisions of Code Section 409A. In no event, however, shall the Company be liable for any tax, interest or penalty imposed on
a Covered Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A.

9

If a Covered Executive is a specified employee
within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) as of his or her Termination Date, such Covered Executive will
not be entitled to any payment or benefit pursuant to the Plan that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code
Section 409A and that is payable upon a separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) until the earlier
of (A) the date which is six (6) months after his or her separation from service for any reason other than death, or (B) the
date of his or her death. This paragraph will only apply if, and to the extent, required to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or
interest pursuant to Code Section 409A. Any amounts otherwise payable to a Covered Executive upon or in the six (6) month period
following the Covered Executives separation from service that are not so paid by reason of this Section 7.g will be paid (without
interest) as soon as practicable (and in any event within thirty (30) calendar days) after the date that is six (6) months after
his or her separation from service (provided, that in the event of his or her death after such separation from service but prior to payment,
then such payment will be made as soon as practicable, and in all events within thirty (30) calendar days, after the date of his or her
death).

For purposes of Code Section 409A, a Covered Executives
right to receive any installment payments under the Plan shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments
and any and all exceptions to the definition of deferred of compensation under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b) shall
be applied separately to each payment to the maximum extent permitted by law. Whenever a payment under the Plan specifies a payment period
with reference to a number of days, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the
Company.

8. Plan Administration
and Benefit Claims.

a. Plan Administrator. The administration of the Plan is the responsibility
of the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator has the discretionary authority and responsibility for, among other things, determining
eligibility for benefits, adopting such rules and regulations as may be necessary or desirable for the proper and efficient administration
of the Plan, and construing and interpreting the terms of the Plan. In addition, the Plan Administrator has the authority, at its discretion,
to delegate its responsibility to others. Any decision made or other action taken by the Plan Administrator with respect to the Plan,
and any interpretation (including, without limitation, the power to remedy possible
ambiguities, inconsistencies, or omissions by a general rule or particular decision)by the Plan
Administrator of any term or condition of the Plan, or any related document (including, without limitation, any Participation Agreement),
will be conclusive and binding on all persons, including, without limitation, the Company and each Covered Executive, and will be given
the maximum deference afforded by law. The chart in Section 9 contains contact information for the Plan Administrator.

10

b. Claims for Benefits. If a Covered Executive believes that he or she is entitled to benefits under
the Plan, he or she may contact the Plan Administrator in writing at the address provided in the chart in Section 9. All initial
claims for benefits under the Plan must be made prior to the first anniversary of the Termination Date giving rise to such benefits. For
purposes of this Section 8.b, any action required or authorized to be taken by a Covered Executive may be taken by his or her authorized
representative. The claims review procedures are as follows.

A Covered Executive will be notified in
writing if he or she is denied benefits under the Plan, in full or in part, within ninety (90) days after the receipt of his or her claim
(which period may be extended to one hundred eighty (180) days if circumstances require). This notice will include the reasons for the
denial, the specific provision(s) of the Plan on which the denial is based, a description of any additional information needed to
perfect the claim (and why such information is required), and an explanation of the Plans claims review procedure. If an extension
of time is required for the review, the Covered Executive will receive notice of the reason for the extension within the initial ninety
(90) day period and a date by which he or she can expect a decision.

If a Covered Executives claim for
benefits under the Plan is denied in full or in part, he or she may appeal the decision. To appeal a decision, the Covered Executive must
submit a written request for an appeal to the Plan Administrator through the U.S. Postal Service or other courier service within sixty
(60) days after he or she receives notice of the denial of his or her claim. The appeal may include information or other documentation
in support of his or her claim. A Covered Executive is entitled to review all Plan documents and other relevant information related to
his or her claim in preparing his or her appeal (and such materials shall be provided to the Covered Executive free of charge upon request).
A Covered Executive may have an authorized person represent him or her during the appeal process. Any documents or records that support
the Covered Executives position must be submitted with his or her appeal letter.

A Covered Executives appeal will
be reviewed, taking into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted that relates to his or her claim without
regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial determination. The review of a Covered Executives
appeal will not afford deference to the initial claim determination and will not be conducted by the same person or body that conducted
the initial claim determination (or by a subordinate of that person or body). A Covered Executive will receive written notice of the decision
within sixty (60) days (which may be extended to one hundred twenty (120) days if circumstances require). This notice will include the
reasons for the denial, the specific provision(s) of the Plan on which the denial is based, a statement that the Covered Executive
is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information
relevant to his or her claim and a statement of his or her right to bring an action under ERISA Section 502(a). If an extension of
time is required for the review, a Covered Executive will receive notice of the reason for the extension within the initial sixty (60)
day period and a date by which he or she can expect a decision.

Any decision on appeal shall be final,
conclusive and binding upon all parties. It is the intent of the Plan sponsor that the standard of review applied by a court of law or
a professional arbitrator to any challenge to a denial of benefits on final appeal under these procedures shall be an arbitrary and capricious
standard and not a de novo review.

11

c. Legal Action. A Covered Executive may not bring a lawsuit to recover benefits under the Plan until he or she has exhausted
the internal administrative process described above. No legal action may be commenced at all unless commenced no later than one (1) year
following the issuance of a final decision on the claim for benefits, or the expiration of the appeal decision period if no decision is
issued. This one (1) year statute of limitations on suits for all benefits shall apply in any forum where a Covered Executive may
initiate such a suit.

9. Assistance with Questions. If a Covered Executive has any questions about the Plan, he or she should contact the Plan Administrator.

10. Other Administrative Information.

Name of Plan Limbach Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan

Type of Plan Employee welfare benefit plan

Plan Records Kept on a calendar-year basis

Plan Year January 1 December 31

Plan Funding The Company provides severance benefits from general assets.

Plan Sponsor 

Limbach Holdings, Inc.

Email: 

Plan Sponsors EIN 

Plan Number 

Plan Administrator and Named Fiduciary 

Limbach Holdings, Inc.

Attention: Plan Administrator of the Limbach Holdings, Inc.

Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan

Email:

Agent for Service of Legal Process on the Plan 

Service of legal process on the Plan may be made upon the Plan

Administrator at the address and phone number provided above.

Trustee Not applicable

Insurance Company Not applicable

12

Exhibit A

Limbach Holdings, Inc.

Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan

Form of Participation Agreement (Senior
Leadership Team)

This Participation Agreement
(this Agreement) is made and entered into by and between [] (you or Covered
Executive) and Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the Company) pursuant to the Limbach Holdings, Inc.
Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (the Plan). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined
herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.

You have been designated as
a Covered Executive for purposes of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is attached hereto, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated
by reference herein. Pursuant to the Plan, you are eligible to receive the following severance payments and benefits in connection with
a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

Non-CIC Qualifying Termination

If you experience a Non-CIC
Qualifying Termination and are otherwise eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, you will receive the following, subject to the terms
and conditions of the Plan (including, without limitation, the requirement that you timely execute, and do not revoke, a Separation Agreement
and Release of Claims):

Cash Severance: You will receive Cash Severance equal to the sum of (i) 1x your Base Salary and (ii) your Bonus Amount, payable as set forth in the Plan.

COBRA Continuation Payment: If you were enrolled in a Company health plan on the Termination Date, you will receive a COBRA Continuation Payment representing the cost of twelve (12) months of premiums associated with coverage under COBRA, as more fully set forth in the Plan.

CIC Qualifying Termination

If you experience a CIC Qualifying
Termination and are otherwise eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, you will receive the following, subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan (including, without limitation, the requirement that you timely execute, and do not revoke, a Separation Agreement and Release
of Claims):

Cash Severance: You will receive Cash Severance equal to the sum of (i) 2x your Base Salary and (ii) your Bonus Amount, payable as set forth in the Plan.

COBRA Continuation Payment: If you were enrolled in a Company health plan on the Termination Date, you will receive a COBRA Continuation Payment representing the cost of twenty-four (24) months of premiums associated with coverage under COBRA, as more fully set forth in the Plan.

Equity Awards: Subject to the Plan, any outstanding and unvested time-vesting awards held by you under the Omnibus Plan will automatically vest in full as of your Termination Date, and any outstanding performance-vesting awards held by you under the Omnibus Plan will vest based on the Companys latest planned forecast during the applicable performance period as though you continued in the employment of the Company during the applicable performance period (i.e., the latest planned forecast for the applicable performance period will be used to determine vesting for such awards).

13

Non-Duplication of Payments or Benefits

If (i) you experience
a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination prior to a Change in Control that qualifies you for Non-CIC Severance under the Plan and this Agreement
and (ii) a Change in Control occurs within the three (3) month period thereafter that would qualify you for CIC Severance under
the Plan and this Agreement, then you will cease receiving any further payments or benefits under the Plan and this Agreement in connection
with the Non-CIC Qualifying Termination, and the CIC Severance otherwise payable on a CIC Qualifying Termination will be offset by the
corresponding payments or benefits already paid under this Agreement upon a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination.

Other Provisions

You agree that the Plan and
this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersede in their entirety all prior representations, understandings,
undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties, and will specifically supersede
any severance and/or change of control provisions of any offer letter, employment agreement, or equity award agreement (as to time-vesting
and performance-vesting awards) entered into between you and the Company. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the
Plan, the Plan shall control, unless otherwise expressly provided herein. For the avoidance of doubt, any rights or remedies that you
may have related to the acceleration of vesting of any equity award agreement upon the occurrence of death, Disability, retirement and/or
a reduction in force are not impacted by this paragraph.

Notwithstanding Section 6.F
of the Plan, with respect to your participation therein and any benefits provided to you thereunder, the Plan, this Agreement and all
rights thereunder shall be governed and construed in accordance with ERISA and, to the extent not preempted by Federal law, with the laws
of the State of Delaware.

Section 8 of the Plan
is hereby incorporated by reference and the powers and rights of the Plan Administrator under the Plan will control any interpretation
(including, without limitation, the power to remedy possible ambiguities, inconsistencies, or omissions by a general rule or particular
decision) by the Plan Administrator of any term or condition of this Agreement, or any related document, and will be conclusive and binding
on all persons, including, without limitation, the Company and you, and will be given the maximum deference afforded by law.

This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

By your signature below, you
and the Company agree that your participation in the Plan is governed by this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. Your signature
below confirms that: (1) you have received a copy of the Plan; (2) you have carefully read this Agreement and the Plan and you
acknowledge and agree to its terms; and (3) decisions and determinations made by the Plan Administrator under the Plan will be final
and binding on you and your successors. This Agreement will be effective as of the last date set forth below.

Limbach Holdings, Inc. COVERED EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Its Date: 

14

Form of Participation Agreement (Chief
Executive Officer)

This Participation Agreement
(this Agreement) is made and entered into by and between [] (you or the Covered
Executive) and Limbach Holdings, Inc. (the Company) pursuant to the Limbach Holdings, Inc.
Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (the Plan). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined
herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.

You have been designated as
a Covered Executive for purposes of the Plan. A copy of the Plan is attached hereto, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated
by reference herein. Pursuant to the Plan, you are eligible to receive the following severance payments and benefits in connection with
a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

Non-CIC Qualifying Termination

If you experience a Non-CIC
Qualifying Termination and are otherwise eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, you will receive the following, subject to the terms
and conditions of the Plan (including, without limitation, the requirement that you timely execute, and do not revoke, a Separation Agreement
and Release of Claims):

Cash Severance: You will receive Cash Severance equal to the sum of (i) 1x your Base Salary and (ii) your Bonus Amount, payable as set forth in the Plan.

COBRA Continuation Payment: If you were enrolled in a Company health plan on the Termination Date, you will receive a COBRA Continuation Payment representing the cost of twelve (12) months of premiums associated with coverage under COBRA as more fully set forth in the Plan.

CIC Qualifying Termination

If you experience a CIC Qualifying
Termination and are otherwise eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, you will receive the following, subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan (including, without limitation, the requirement that you timely execute, and do not revoke, a Separation Agreement and Release
of Claims):

Cash Severance: You will receive Cash Severance equal to the sum of (i) 3x your Base Salary and (ii) your Bonus Amount, payable as set forth in the Plan.

COBRA Continuation Payment: If you were enrolled in a Company health plan on the Termination Date, you will receive a COBRA Continuation Payment representing the cost of thirty-six (36) months of premiums associated with coverage under COBRA as more fully set forth in the Plan.

15

Equity Awards: Subject to the Plan, any outstanding and unvested time-vesting awards held by you under the Omnibus Plan will automatically vest in full as of your Termination Date, and any outstanding performance-vesting awards held by you under the Omnibus Plan will vest based on the Companys latest planned forecast during the applicable performance period as though you continued in the employment of the Company during the applicable performance period (i.e., the latest planned forecast for the applicable performance period will be used to determine vesting for such awards).

Non-Duplication of Payments or Benefits

If (i) you experience
a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination prior to a Change in Control that qualifies you for Non-CIC Severance under the Plan and this Agreement
and (ii) a Change in Control occurs within the three (3) month period thereafter that would qualify you for CIC Severance under
the Plan and this Agreement, then you will cease receiving any further payments or benefits under the Plan and this Agreement in connection
with the Non-CIC Qualifying Termination, and the CIC Severance otherwise payable on a CIC Qualifying Termination will be offset by the
corresponding payments or benefits already paid under this Agreement upon a Non-CIC Qualifying Termination.

Other Provisions

You agree that the Plan and
this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersede in their entirety all prior representations, understandings,
undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties, and will specifically supersede
any severance and/or change of control provisions of any offer letter, employment agreement, or equity award agreement (as to time-vesting
and performance-vesting awards) entered into between you and the Company. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the
Plan, the Plan shall control, unless otherwise expressly provided herein. For the avoidance of doubt, any rights or remedies that you
may have related to the acceleration of vesting of any equity award agreement upon the occurrence of death, Disability, retirement and/or
a reduction in force are not impacted by this paragraph.

Notwithstanding Section 6.F
of the Plan, with respect to your participation therein and any benefits provided to you thereunder, the Plan, this Agreement and all
rights thereunder shall be governed and construed in accordance with ERISA and, to the extent not preempted by Federal law, with the laws
of the State of Delaware.

Section 8 of the Plan
is hereby incorporated by reference and the powers and rights of the Plan Administrator under the Plan will control any interpretation
(including, without limitation, the power to remedy possible ambiguities, inconsistencies, or omissions by a general rule or particular
decision) by the Plan Administrator of any term or condition of this Agreement, or any related document, and will be conclusive and binding
on all persons, including, without limitation, the Company and you, and will be given the maximum deference afforded by law.

This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

16

By your signature below, you
and the Company agree that your participation in the Plan is governed by this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. Your signature
below confirms that: (1) you have received a copy of the Plan; (2) you have carefully read this Agreement and the Plan and you
acknowledge and agree to its terms; and (3) decisions and determinations made by the Plan Administrator under the Plan will be final
and binding on you and your successors. This Agreement will be effective as of the last date set forth below.

Limbach Holdings, Inc. COVERED EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Its Date: 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm251883d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Form of Performance-Based Award for Executives (2025 TSR Version)

Limbach
Holdings, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan

Performance-based
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

This PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 1, 2025, (the Grant Date)
by and between Limbach Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and [NAME] (the Participant),
pursuant to the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the Plan).
Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.

WHEREAS, the Company desires
from time to time to grant Awards with respect to shares (the Shares) of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per
Share (the Common Stock), to certain key Employees, non-employee Directors and Consultants of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates;

WHEREAS, the Company has adopted
the Plan in order to effect such Awards; and

WHEREAS, the Participant is
an Eligible Recipient as contemplated by the Plan, and the Committee has determined that it is in the interest of the Company to grant
this Award to the Participant.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Grant
and Vesting of Restricted Stock Units.

(a) As
of the Grant Date, the Participant will be credited with [______] performance-vesting Restricted Stock Units (the Units).
Each Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested Share and constitutes the right, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement, to distribution of a Share if and when the Unit vests. The number of Units subject to this Award may be adjusted
in any manner as contemplated by Section 5 of the Plan. The vesting of the Units shall be measured from January 1, 2025,
(the Vesting Commencement Date).

(b) The
Units, to the extent earned in accordance with Schedule A, shall vest and be payable in accordance with Section 4 upon the
determination by the Committee that the Units have been earned by the Participant (the Vesting Date), subject to
the Participants continuous service with the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, as applicable, whether as an Employee,
Director or Consultant (Service), from the Vesting Commencement Date through the Vesting Date, except as may otherwise
be provided in the Participants employment or other services agreement with the Company (if applicable). To the extent the Performance
Goals set forth on Schedule A are not satisfied or only partially satisfied as of the completion of the Performance Period (as
defined in Schedule A), all unvested Units shall be automatically forfeited for no consideration as of the expiration of the Performance
Period.

2. Rights
as a Stockholder.

(a) Unless
and until a Unit has vested and the Share underlying it has been distributed to the Participant, the Participant will not be entitled
to vote in respect of that Unit or that Share.

(b) Except
as provided in this Section 2 or as otherwise required by law, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect
to any Shares covered by the Units granted hereunder prior to the date on which he or she is recorded as the holder of those Shares on
the records of the Company.

3. Termination
of Service and Change in Control.

(a) Except
as provided in this Section 3, as may otherwise be provided in the Participants employment or other services agreement with
the Company or as may otherwise be determined by the Committee in its discretion, the Participant shall immediately forfeit all unvested
Units upon a termination of Service occurring for any reason.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Participants Service is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Committee
may, in its discretion, determine that all vested and unvested Units shall be automatically forfeited as of the date of termination, and
require the Participant to pay to the Company in cash any financial gain he or she received with respect to vested Units within the twelve
(12) month period immediately preceding such conduct constituting Cause.

(c) In
the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to the Committees determination and certification of the achievement of the
Performance Goals set forth on Schedule A, to the extent the successor entity in the Change in Control does not assume the award
of Units or substitute the awards with an equivalent award on terms that are no less favorable to the Participant, then the Units granted
hereunder will vest immediately upon the effective date of the Change in Control based on the achievement of the Performance Goals as
determined by the Committee as of the effective date of the Change in Control and be payable in accordance with Section 4.

(d) In
the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to the Committees determination and certification of the achievement of the
Performance Goals set forth on Schedule A, to the extent the successor entity in the Change in Control assumes the award of Units
or substitutes the award with an equivalent award on terms that are no less favorable to the Participant, then the Units granted hereunder
will vest immediately upon the effective date of a termination of the Participants Service by the Company without Cause or by the
Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Participants employment, severance protection agreement or similar agreement, provided
that if no such agreement exists or no definition of Good Reason is provided therein, then Good Reason shall not exist) (a Qualifying
Termination) based on the achievement of the Performance Goals as determined by the Committee as of the effective date of the
Qualifying Termination and be payable in accordance with Section 4.

4. Timing
and Form of Payment.

(a) Once
a Unit vests, the Participant will be entitled to receive a Share in its place or, in the Committees discretion, an equivalent
amount in cash (or partly in cash and partly in Shares). Delivery of the Shares or cash, as applicable, will be made as soon as administratively
feasible following the vesting of the associated Unit, and in no event later than the seventy fifth (75th) day following the
applicable Vesting Date. Any Shares paid will be credited to an account established for the benefit of the Participant with the Companys
administrative agent. The Participant will have full legal and beneficial ownership of the Shares at that time.

5. Tax
Withholding.

(a) Participant
understands that under United States federal tax laws in effect on the Grant Date, Participant will have taxable compensation income at
the time of vesting of the Units based on the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares on each Vesting Date. Participant is ultimately
responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Award (e.g., at grant, vesting or upon receipt of the Shares), including any federal,
state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with
the Award, including FICA or any other tax obligation (the Tax Withholding Obligation), regardless of any action
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries take with respect to any such Tax Withholding Obligation. The Company makes no representation or
undertaking regarding the adequacy of any tax withholding made in connection with the Award. The Company has no obligation to deliver
Shares pursuant to the Award until Participant has satisfied the Tax Withholding Obligation.

(b) In
order to satisfy Participants obligations set forth in Section 5(a), Participant hereby irrevocably appoints any brokerage
firm acceptable to the Company for such purpose (the Agent) as Participants Agent, and authorize the Agent,
to:

(i) Sell on the open market at the then prevailing market price(s), on Participants behalf, as soon
as practicable on or after the settlement date for any Units that have vested and are no longer subject to forfeiture according to the
terms of this Agreement (each such Unit, a Vested Unit), the minimum number of Shares (rounded up to the next whole
number) sufficient to generate proceeds to cover the amount of any Tax Withholding Obligation and all applicable fees and commissions
due to, or required to be collected by, the Agent;

(ii) Remit directly to the Company the cash amount necessary to cover the payment of such Tax Withholding Obligation,
as of such date;

(iii) Retain the amount required to cover all applicable brokerage fees, commissions and other costs of sale
due to, or required to be collected by, the Agent, relating directly to the sale of Shares referred to in clause (i) above; and

(iv) Remit any remaining funds to Participant.

(c) As
of the date of execution of this Agreement, Participant represents and warrants that Participant is not aware of any material nonpublic
information with respect to the Company or any securities of the Company; are not subject to any legal, regulatory or contractual restriction
that would prevent the Agent from conducting sales as provided herein; do not have, and will not attempt to exercise, authority, influence
or control over any sales of Shares effected pursuant to this Section 5(b); and are entering into this Section 5(b) of
this Award Agreement in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 (regarding trading
of the Companys securities on the basis of material nonpublic information) under the Exchange Act. It is the intent of the parties
that this Section 5(b) comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) under the Exchange Act and this Award
Agreement will be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act.

(d) Participant
understands that the Agent may affect sales as provided in clause (i) above jointly with sales for other employees of the Company
and that the average price for executions resulting from bunched orders will be assigned to Participants account. Participant acknowledges
that neither the Company nor the Agent is under any obligation to arrange for such sales at any particular price, and that the proceeds
of any such sales may not be sufficient to satisfy Participants Tax Withholding Obligation. In addition, Participant acknowledges
that it may not be possible to sell Shares as provided by this Section 5(b) due to (1) a legal or contractual restriction
applicable to Participant or the Agent, (2) a market disruption, or (3) rules governing order execution priority on the
Nasdaq Stock Market or other exchange where the Shares may be traded. In the event of the Agents inability to sell any Shares or
that number of Shares sufficient to cover Participants Tax Withholding Obligation, Participant will continue to be responsible
for payment to the Company of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required by applicable laws and regulations to be withheld.

(e) Participant
acknowledges that regardless of any other term or condition of this Award Agreement, neither the Agent nor the Company will be liable
to Participant for (1) special, indirect, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, or incidental losses or damages of any kind,
or (2) any failure to perform or for any delay in performance that results from a cause or circumstance that is beyond the Agents
reasonable control.

(f) Participant
hereby agrees to execute and deliver to the Agent any other agreements or documents as the Agent or the Company reasonably deems necessary
or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Section 5(b). The Agent is a third party beneficiary of this Section 5(b).

(g) Notwithstanding
the foregoing terms of this Section 5(b), if Participant is subject to blackout periods under the Companys Insider
Trading Policy and Participant executes the Award Notice during a blackout period, Participants agreement to the
terms of this Section 5(b) will not be deemed effective and Participant will be required to and responsible for ensuring that
Participant agrees to the terms of this Section 5(b) at a time that is outside of a blackout period.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company has the right to retain without notice from Shares issuable under
the Award or from salary or other amounts payable to Participant, a number of whole Shares or cash having a value sufficient to satisfy
the Tax Withholding Obligation, and Participant hereby authorize the Company to do so (which Shares may be withheld up to the applicable
minimum required tax withholding rate or such other applicable rate to avoid adverse treatment for financial accounting purposes).

(d) Furthermore, Participant
acknowledges that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Withholding Obligations
or tax treatment in connection with any aspect of the Award, including but not limited to, the grant, vesting, the issuance of Shares
upon vesting, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Award and the receipt of any dividends, and (ii) does not commit
to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate Participants
liability for Tax Withholding Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant has become subject to tax in more
than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account
for Tax Withholding Obligations in more than one jurisdiction.

6. Non-Competition,
Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement.

(a) Restrictive
Covenants. In exchange for good and valuable consideration, including the Units granted herein, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged,
the Participant agrees as follows (the Restrictive Covenants):

(i) Non-Competition
and Non-Solicitation. During the period of the Participants Service and for one (1) year following the termination
thereof, the Participant shall not and shall cause each of his or her Affiliates not to:

(A) enter
into or engage in any business that competes with the Business within the Restricted Territory;

(B) solicit
customers, active prospects, business or patronage for any business, wherever located, that competes with the Business within the Restricted
Territory or sell any products or services for any business, wherever located, that competes with the Business or could then be provided
by the Business within the Restricted Territory;

(C) counsel,
promote or assist, financially or otherwise, any person engaged in any business that competes with the Business within the Restricted
Territory; or

(D) solicit,
divert, entice or otherwise take away any employees, customers, former customers, active prospects, business, patronage or orders of the
Company or any Subsidiary within the Restricted Territory or attempt to do so.

(ii) Non-Disparagement.
The Participant shall not, during the period of his or her Service or at any time thereafter, disparage, denigrate or harass the Company,
any of its Affiliates or any of their respective agents, employees, managers, shareholders, directors, officers, or partners.

(iii) Other
Covenants. For the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any restrictive covenants
to which the Participant may otherwise be subject, whether under the terms of his or her employment or services agreement or otherwise.

(iv) Acknowledgement.
The Participant acknowledges that these Restrictive Covenants are reasonably necessary to protect the Companys and its clients
and business partners legitimate business interests. The Participant also acknowledges that by serving in his or her position with
the Company or its Affiliates, he or she is in an executive or management level position and has been entrusted with access to trade secrets
and confidential information that, if made available to non-Company employees, would cause irreparable harm to the Company because of
the significant time, effort and expense the Company expended in developing such trade secrets and confidential information.

(b) Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement:

(i) Business
means the electrical, plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning construction and/or service business as a mechanical, plumbing
or electrical sub-contractor, or any other business in which the Company is significantly engaged, as such businesses exist or are about
to exist as part of a Board approved business plan as of the Participants date of termination; and

(ii) Restricted
Territory means each State within the United States in which the Company does Business as of the date of the Participants
termination of Service.

(c) Reasonableness
of Restrictions. The Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable and necessary to protect
the legitimate business interests of the Company. The Participant also agrees that these Restrictive Covenants will not preclude the Participant
from obtaining other gainful employment in his or her profession.

(d) Remedies
for Breach.

(i) Forfeiture
of Award. In the event of the Participants breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, the Units (whether vested or unvested)
shall immediately be forfeited.

(ii) Recovery
of Shares. In the event of the Participants breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, the Company shall be entitled to
recover any Shares acquired upon the vesting of the Units and, if the Participant has previously sold any Shares derived from the Units,
the Company shall also have the right to recover from the Participant the economic value thereof.

(iii) Other
Relief. In the event of the Participants actual or threatened breach of this Agreement, the Participant agrees that the
Company will be entitled to provisional and injunctive relief in addition to any other available remedies at law or equity.

7. Nontransferability
of Units.

The Units granted hereunder
may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution or, on such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish, to a permitted transferee.

8. Beneficiary
Designation.

The Participant may from time
to time name any beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) by whom any right under the Plan and this
Agreement is to be exercised in case of his or her death. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the Participant, shall
be in a form reasonably prescribed by the Committee, and will be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Committee
during his or her lifetime.

9. Transfer
of Data.

The Participant consents to
the Company or any Affiliate thereof processing data relating to the Participant for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes
and in particular to the processing of any sensitive personal data relating to the Participant. The Company may make such information
available to any Affiliate thereof, those who provide products or services to the Company or any Affiliate thereof (such as advisers and
payroll administrators), regulatory authorities, potential purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Participant works, and
as may be required by law.

10. Securities
Law Requirements.

(a) The
Units are subject to the further requirement that, if at any time the Committee determines in its discretion that the listing or qualification
of the Shares subject to the Units under any securities exchange requirements or under any applicable law, or the consent or approval
of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with, the issuance of Shares under it, then Shares
will not be issued under the Units, unless the necessary listing, qualification, consent or approval has been effected or obtained free
of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee.

(b) No
person who acquires Shares pursuant to the Units reflected in this Agreement may, during any period of time that person is an affiliate
of the Company (within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act
of 1933 (the 1933 Act)) sell the Shares, unless the offer and sale is made pursuant to (i) an effective registration
statement under the 1933 Act, which is current and includes the Shares to be sold, or (ii) an appropriate exemption from the registration
requirements of the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act. With respect to individuals subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, transactions under this Agreement are intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3,
or its successors under the Exchange Act. To the extent any provision of this Agreement or action by the Committee fails to so comply,
the Committee may determine, to the extent permitted by law, that the provision or action will be null and void.

11. No
Guarantee of Continued Service.

Nothing in the Plan or in
this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or an Affiliate thereof to terminate the Participants
Service at any time or confer upon the Participant any right to continued Service.

12. Interpretation;
Construction; Entire Agreement.

Any determination or interpretation
by the Committee under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be final and conclusive on all persons affected hereby. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in the Plan, in the event of a conflict between any term of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of
the Plan shall control. The Plan and this Agreement (including any exhibit and attachments hereto) constitute the entire agreement of
the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the
subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be automatically binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties heirs, administrators,
representatives, executors, successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contrary herein or in the Plan, to
the extent the Participant is a Covered Executive (as the term is defined in the Severance Plan (as defined below)) in the Limbach Holdings, Inc.
Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan dated as of January 1, 2025, as then amended (the Severance Plan),
this Award will be construed and interpreted to give any such Covered Executive the rights and remedies as are set forth in the Severance
Plan. In addition, this Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of any clawback policy, policy of recoupment or recovery
of compensation adopted by the Company from time to time (as such policy may be amended) and is further subject to the requirements of
any applicable law with respect to the recoupment or recovery of incentive compensation. The Participant hereby agrees to be bound by
the requirements of this paragraph. The recoupment or recovery of such incentive compensation may be made by the Company or the Subsidiary
that employed the Participant.

13. Amendments.

The Committee may, in its
sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, alter or amend this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the unvested portion
of the Units (but not any portion of the Units that has previously vested) in whole or in part, including without limitation, amending
the criteria for vesting set forth in Section 1 hereof and substituting alternative vesting criteria; provided that such alteration,
amendment, suspension or termination shall preserve the economic value, as determined by the Committee in its sole good faith discretion,
of the previously granted Units. The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any such alteration or amendment of this
Agreement as promptly as practicable after the adoption thereof. This Agreement may also be amended by a writing signed by both the Company
and the Participant.

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, letters, waivers and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (A) delivered personally, (B) mailed, certified or registered mail
with postage prepaid, (C) sent by next-day or overnight mail or delivery, or (D) transmitted by e-mail, as follows:

(i) If to the Company:

Limbach Holdings, Inc.

797 Commonwealth Drive, Warrendale, PA 15086

Attention: Melissa DiMuro, Chief People & Culture
Officer

Phone: 513.508.8829

Email: melissa.dimuro@limbachinc.com

(ii) If to the Participant, to the Participants last known home address,

or to such other person or address as any party
shall specify by notice in writing to the Company. All such notices, requests, demands, letters, waivers and other communications shall
be deemed to have been received (w) if by personal delivery on the day after such delivery, (x) if by certified or registered
mail, on the fifth business day after the mailing thereof, (y) if by next-day or overnight mail or delivery, on the day delivered,
or (z) if by email, on the day transmitted, provided, that such transmission is confirmed.

(b) Binding
Effect; Benefits. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to this Agreement and their respective
successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to give any person other than
the parties to this Agreement or their respective successors or assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of any agreement or any provision contained herein.

(c) No
Guarantee of Future Awards. This Agreement does not guarantee the Participant the right to or expectation of future Awards under
the Plan or any future plan adopted by the Company.

(d) Waiver.
Either party hereto may by written notice to the other (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
actions of the other under this Agreement, (ii) waive compliance with any of the conditions or covenants of the other contained in
this Agreement and (iii) waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of the other under this Agreement. Except as provided
in the preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any investigation by or on behalf
of either party, shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with any representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained herein. The waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach and no failure by either party to exercise any right or privilege hereunder
shall be deemed a waiver of such partys rights or privileges hereunder or shall be deemed a waiver of such partys rights
to exercise the same at any subsequent time or times hereunder.

(e) Code
Section 409A Compliance. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, to the extent that the Committee determines that any
portion of the Units granted under this Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and fails to comply with the requirements of Code
Section 409A, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan or in this Agreement, the Committee reserves the right
to amend, restructure, terminate or replace such portion of the Units in order to cause such portion of the Units to either not be subject
to Code Section 409A or to comply with the applicable provisions of such section.

(f) Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, regardless of the law
that might be applied under principles of conflict of laws.

(g) Section and
Other Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(h) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
and the Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Melissa DiMuro

Name: Melissa DiMuro

Title: Chief People, Culture & Marketing Officer

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
or in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee hereby reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate and cancel this Award if
the Participant fails to countersign below and return an executed copy of this Agreement to the Company on or prior to [DATE].

PARTICIPANT

Name: [NAME] 

SCHEDULE A

Performance Goals for Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Units

The Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Units awarded hereunder shall vest, if at all, based on the Company TSR (as defined below) during the Performance Period (as defined
below) relative to the TSR of the Benchmark Index (as defined below), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and
this Schedule A. Schedule A represents the Performance Goals. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in
this Exhibit A shall have the same meanings given to them in the Plan or the Agreement, as applicable.

1. Performance Criteria Definitions. For purposes of this Schedule A, the following
definitions shall apply to the capitalized terms set forth below (except as otherwise specified in this Schedule A).

a. Benchmark Index shall mean the Russell 2000 Index.

b. Benchmark TSR shall mean the total shareholder return of the Benchmark Index,
expressed as a percentage and calculated based on the change in index price over the Performance Period, where the beginning price
for purposes of the calculation is the average closing price over the 20 consecutive Trading Days ending on the last Trading Day prior
to the first day of the Performance Period and the ending price for purposes of the calculation is based on the average closing trading
price over the 20 consecutive Trading Days ending on the last Trading Day prior to the last day of the Performance Period, and assuming
cash dividends are immediately reinvested in common stock of the entity using the closing market price on the dividend payment date.

c. Company TSR shall mean the total shareholder return of the Common Stock, expressed
as a percentage and calculated based on the change in the price of one share of Common Stock (as adjusted as necessary under Section 5
of the Plan) over the Performance Period, where the beginning share price for purposes of the calculation is the average closing trading
price over the 20 consecutive Trading Days ending on the last Trading Day prior to the first day of the Performance Period and the ending
share price for purposes of the calculation is based on the average closing trading price over the 20 consecutive Trading Days ending
on the last Trading Day prior to the last day of the Performance Period, and assuming cash dividends (if any) are immediately reinvested
in Common Stock of the Company using the closing market price on the dividend payment date.

d. Relative TSR shall mean the percentage points obtained by subtracting the
Company TSR from the Benchmark TSR, which such number may be a negative number.

Relative TSR (as a %) = Company TSR (as a %)
- Benchmark TSR (as a %)

e. Performance Period means January 1, 202[5] through December 31,
202[7].

f. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the stock exchange or market on which
shares of the Companys Common Stock is listed is open for regular trading.

A-1

2. Determination of Shares of Common Stock Issued; Achievement Percentage.
Following the end of the Performance Period, the Achievement Percentage for the Performance Period will be determined by the Committee
based on the Relative TSR for such Performance Period in accordance with the following table, with the Achievement Percentage determined
using linear interpolation for Relative TSR performance between the Threshold level and the Target level or the Target level and the Maximum
level.

Performance Level Relative TSR as a % 

Achievement Percentage

(% of Units) (the
Units listed in

section 1(a) of the Agreement

are multiplied by the % below 

(using linear interpolation) to

determine the number
of

Shares actually issued)

(rounded up to the nearest

whole share)

Below Threshold Less than -30 percentage points1(i.e., performance worse than -30 percentage points) 0%

Threshold Equal to or greater than -30 percentage points (i.e., performance is better than -30 percentage points until performance is equal to or is greater than 10 percentage points) 50%

Target Equal to or greater than 10 percentage points (i.e., performance is better than 10 percentage points until performance is equal to or greater than 50 percentage points) 100%

Maximum Equal to or greater than 50 percentage points 150%

In the event that the Companys absolute
TSR performance is negative over the Performance Period as determined by the Committee, the percentage of Achievement Percentage shall
be capped at 100% (Target) regardless of the actual Achievement Percentage as calculated (i.e., a negative absolute TSR performance of
the Company over the Performance Period will cap the Achievement Percentage at 100%). In addition, in no event will the Achievement Percentage
under this Agreement be greater than 150%.

Consistent with the terms of the Plan, all designations,
determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the terms of the Plan or the Agreement, including this Schedule
A shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all persons, including the
Participant.

3. Vesting Date. Subject to Section 3 of the Agreement, the Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Units and the Shares hereunder shall vest on the date (the Vesting Date) that the Committee certifies the Relative TSR hereunder and determines
the number of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and the Shares that are issuable hereunder upon vesting (which will be as soon
as administratively practicable following the end of the Performance Period, but in no event later than March 15, 20[28]). The payment
hereunder, if any, will be made in accordance with Section 4 of the Agreement.

1
For the avoidance of doubt, negative numbers that are less than negative 30 percent result in a zero Achievement Percentage.

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm251883d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Form of Time-Based Award for Executives

Limbach
Holdings, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan

TIME-Based
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

This TIME-BASED RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 1, 2025, (the Grant Date)
by and between Limbach Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and [NAME] (the Participant),
pursuant to the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the Plan).
Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.

WHEREAS, the Company desires
from time to time to grant Awards with respect to shares (the Shares) of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per
Share (the Common Stock), to certain key Employees, non-employee Directors and Consultants of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates;

WHEREAS, the Company has adopted
the Plan in order to effect such Awards; and

WHEREAS, the Participant is
an Eligible Recipient as contemplated by the Plan, and the Committee has determined that it is in the interest of the Company to grant
this Award to the Participant.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Grant
and Vesting of Restricted Stock Units.

(a) As
of the Grant Date, the Participant will be credited with [______] time-vesting Restricted Stock Units (the Units).
Each Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested Share and constitutes the right, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement, to distribution of a Share if and when the Unit vests. The number of Units subject to this Award may be adjusted
in any manner as contemplated by Section 5 of the Plan. The vesting of the Units shall be measured from January 1, 2025,
(the Vesting Commencement Date).

(b) The
Units shall vest in equal annual installments on each of the first (1st), second (2nd) and third (3rd)
anniversaries of the Vesting Commencement Date (each, a Vesting Date) and be payable in accordance with Section 4
subject to the Participants continuous service with the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, as applicable, whether as
an Employee, Director or Consultant (Service), from the Vesting Commencement Date through the applicable Vesting
Date, except as may otherwise be provided in the Participants employment or other services agreement with the Company (if applicable).

2. Rights
as a Stockholder.

(a) Unless
and until a Unit has vested and the Share underlying it has been distributed to the Participant, the Participant will not be entitled
to vote in respect of that Unit or that Share.

(b) Except
as provided in this Section 2 or as otherwise required by law, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect
to any Shares covered by the Units granted hereunder prior to the date on which he or she is recorded as the holder of those Shares on
the records of the Company.

3. Termination
of Service and Change in Control.

(a) Except
as provided in this Section 3, as may otherwise be provided in the Participants employment or other services agreement with
the Company or as may otherwise be determined by the Committee in its discretion, the Participant shall immediately forfeit all unvested
Units upon a termination of Service occurring for any reason.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Participants Service is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Committee
may, in its discretion, determine that all vested and unvested Units shall be automatically forfeited as of the date of termination, and
require the Participant to pay to the Company in cash any financial gain he or she received with respect to vested Units within the twelve
(12) month period immediately preceding such conduct constituting Cause.

(c) In
the event of a Change in Control, to the extent the successor entity in the Change in Control does not assume the award of Units or substitute
the awards with an equivalent award on terms that are no less favorable to the Participant, the Units granted hereunder will vest immediately
in full upon the effective date of the Change in Control and be payable in accordance with Section 4.

(d) In
the event of a Change in Control, to the extent the successor entity in the Change in Control assumes the award of Units or substitutes
the award with an equivalent award on terms that are no less favorable to the Participant, the Units granted hereunder will vest immediately
in full upon the effective date of a termination of the Participants Service by the Company without Cause or by the Participant
for Good Reason (as defined in the Participants employment, severance protection agreement or similar agreement, provided that
if no such agreement exists or no definition of Good Reason is provided therein, then Good Reason shall not exist).

4. Timing
and Form of Payment.

Once a Unit vests, the Participant
will be entitled to receive a Share in its place or, in the Committees discretion, an equivalent amount in cash (or partly in cash
and partly in Shares). Delivery of the Shares or cash, as applicable, will be made as soon as administratively feasible following the
vesting of the associated Unit, and in no event later than the seventy fifth (75th) day following the applicable Vesting Date.
Any Shares paid will be credited to an account established for the benefit of the Participant with the Companys administrative
agent. The Participant will have full legal and beneficial ownership of the Shares at that time.

2

5. Tax
Withholding.

(a) Participant
understands that under United States federal tax laws in effect on the Grant Date, Participant will have taxable compensation income at
the time of vesting of the Units based on the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares on each Vesting Date. Participant is ultimately
responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Award (e.g., at grant, vesting or upon receipt of the Shares), including any federal,
state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with
the Award, including FICA or any other tax obligation (the Tax Withholding Obligation), regardless of any action
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries take with respect to any such Tax Withholding Obligation. The Company makes no representation or
undertaking regarding the adequacy of any tax withholding made in connection with the Award. The Company has no obligation to deliver
Shares pursuant to the Award until Participant has satisfied the Tax Withholding Obligation.

(b) In
order to satisfy Participants obligations set forth in Section 5(a), Participant hereby irrevocably appoints any brokerage
firm acceptable to the Company for such purpose (the Agent) as Participants Agent, and authorize the Agent,
to:

(i) Sell on the open market at the then prevailing market price(s), on Participants behalf, as soon
as practicable on or after the settlement date for any Units that have vested and are no longer subject to forfeiture according to the
terms of this Agreement (each such Unit, a Vested Unit), the minimum number of Shares (rounded up to the next whole
number) sufficient to generate proceeds to cover the amount of any Tax Withholding Obligation and all applicable fees and commissions
due to, or required to be collected by, the Agent;

(ii) Remit directly to the Company the cash amount necessary to cover the payment of such Tax Withholding Obligation,
as of such date;

(iii) Retain the amount required to cover all applicable brokerage fees, commissions and other costs of sale
due to, or required to be collected by, the Agent, relating directly to the sale of Shares referred to in clause (i) above; and

(iv) Remit any remaining funds to Participant.

As of the date of execution of this Agreement,
Participant represents and warrants that Participant is not aware of any material nonpublic information with respect to the Company or
any securities of the Company; are not subject to any legal, regulatory or contractual restriction that would prevent the Agent from conducting
sales as provided herein; do not have, and will not attempt to exercise, authority, influence or control over any sales of Shares effected
pursuant to this Section 5(b); and are entering into this Section 5(b) of this Award Agreement in good faith and not as
part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 (regarding trading of the Companys securities on the basis
of material nonpublic information) under the Exchange Act. It is the intent of the parties that this Section 5(b) comply with
the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) under the Exchange Act and this Award Agreement will be interpreted to comply with
the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act.

3

Participant understands that the Agent may effect
sales as provided in clause (i) above jointly with sales for other employees of the Company and that the average price for executions
resulting from bunched orders will be assigned to Participants account. Participant acknowledges that neither the Company nor the
Agent is under any obligation to arrange for such sales at any particular price, and that the proceeds of any such sales may not be sufficient
to satisfy Participants Tax Withholding Obligation. In addition, Participant acknowledges that it may not be possible to sell Shares
as provided by this Section 5(b) due to (1) a legal or contractual restriction applicable to Participant or the Agent,
(2) a market disruption, or (3) rules governing order execution priority on the Nasdaq Stock Market or other exchange where
the Shares may be traded. In the event of the Agents inability to sell any Shares or that number of Shares sufficient to cover
Participants Tax Withholding Obligation, Participant will continue to be responsible for payment to the Company of all federal,
state, local and foreign taxes that are required by applicable laws and regulations to be withheld.

Participant acknowledges that regardless of any
other term or condition of this Award Agreement, neither the Agent nor the Company will be liable to Participant for (1) special,
indirect, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, or incidental losses or damages of any kind, or (2) any failure to perform
or for any delay in performance that results from a cause or circumstance that is beyond the Agents reasonable control.

Participant hereby agrees to execute and deliver
to the Agent any other agreements or documents as the Agent or the Company reasonably deems necessary or appropriate to carry out the
purposes and intent of this Section 5(b). The Agent is a third party beneficiary of this Section 5(b).

Notwithstanding the foregoing terms of this Section 5(b),
if Participant is subject to blackout periods under the Companys Insider Trading Policy and Participant executes
the Award Notice during a blackout period, Participants agreement to the terms of this Section 5(b) will
not be deemed effective and Participant will be required to and responsible for ensuring that Participant agrees to the terms of this
Section 5(b) at a time that is outside of a blackout period.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company has the right to retain without notice from Shares issuable under the
Award or from salary or other amounts payable to Participant, a number of whole Shares or cash having a value sufficient to satisfy the
Tax Withholding Obligation, and Participant hereby authorize the Company to do so (which Shares may be withheld up to the applicable minimum
required tax withholding rate or such other applicable rate to avoid adverse treatment for financial accounting purposes).

(d) (d) Furthermore,
Participant acknowledges that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Withholding
Obligations or tax treatment in connection with any aspect of the Award, including but not limited to, the grant, vesting, the issuance
of Shares upon vesting, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Award and the receipt of any dividends, and (ii) does
not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate Participants
liability for Tax Withholding Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant has become subject to tax in more
than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account
for Tax Withholding Obligations in more than one jurisdiction.

4

6. Non-Competition,
Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement.

(a) Restrictive
Covenants. In exchange for good and valuable consideration, including the Units granted herein, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged,
the Participant agrees as follows (the Restrictive Covenants):

(i) Non-Competition
and Non-Solicitation. During the period of the Participants Service and for one (1) year following the termination
thereof, the Participant shall not and shall cause each of his or her Affiliates not to:

(A) enter
into or engage in any business that competes with the Business within the Restricted Territory;

(B) 
solicit customers, active prospects, business or patronage for any business, wherever located, that competes with the Business
within the Restricted Territory or sell any products or services for any business, wherever located, that competes with the Business
or could then be provided by the Business within the Restricted Territory;

(C) 
counsel, promote or assist, financially or otherwise, any person engaged in any business that competes with the Business within the
Restricted Territory; or

(D) 
solicit, divert, entice or otherwise take away any employees, customers, former customers, active prospects, business, patronage or
orders of the Company or any Subsidiary within the Restricted Territory or attempt to do so.

(ii) Non-Disparagement.
The Participant shall not, during the period of his or her Service or at any time thereafter, disparage, denigrate or harass the Company,
any of its Affiliates or any of their respective agents, employees, managers, shareholders, directors, officers, or partners.

(iii) Other
Covenants. For the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any restrictive covenants
to which the Participant may otherwise be subject, whether under the terms of his or her employment or services agreement or otherwise.

(iv) Acknowledgement.
The Participant acknowledges that these Restrictive Covenants are reasonably necessary to protect the Companys and its clients
and business partners legitimate business interests. The Participant also acknowledges that by serving in his or her position with
the Company or its Affiliates, he or she is in an executive or management level position and has been entrusted with access to trade secrets
and confidential information that, if made available to non-Company employees, would cause irreparable harm to the Company because of
the significant time, effort and expense the Company expended in developing such trade secrets and confidential information.

5

(b) Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement:

(i) Business
means the electrical, plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning construction and/or service business as a mechanical, plumbing
or electrical sub-contractor, or any other business in which the Company is significantly engaged, as such businesses exist or are about
to exist as part of a Board approved business plan as of the Participants date of termination; and

(ii) Restricted
Territory means each State within the United States in which the Company does Business as of the date of the Participants
termination of Service.

(c) Reasonableness
of Restrictions. The Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable and necessary to protect
the legitimate business interests of the Company. The Participant also agrees that these Restrictive Covenants will not preclude the Participant
from obtaining other gainful employment in his or her profession.

(d) Remedies
for Breach.

(i) Forfeiture
of Award. In the event of the Participants breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, the Units (whether vested or unvested)
shall immediately be forfeited.

(ii) Recovery
of Shares. In the event of the Participants breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, the Company shall be entitled to
recover any Shares acquired upon the vesting of the Units and, if the Participant has previously sold any Shares derived from the Units,
the Company shall also have the right to recover from the Participant the economic value thereof.

(iii) Other
Relief. In the event of the Participants actual or threatened breach of this Agreement, the Participant agrees that the
Company will be entitled to provisional and injunctive relief in addition to any other available remedies at law or equity.

7. Nontransferability
of Units.

The Units granted hereunder
may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution or, on such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish, to a permitted transferee.

8. Beneficiary
Designation.

The Participant may from time
to time name any beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) by whom any right under the Plan and this
Agreement is to be exercised in case of his or her death. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the Participant, shall
be in a form reasonably prescribed by the Committee, and will be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Committee
during his or her lifetime.

6

9. Transfer
of Data.

The Participant consents to
the Company or any Affiliate thereof processing data relating to the Participant for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes
and in particular to the processing of any sensitive personal data relating to the Participant. The Company may make such information
available to any Affiliate thereof, those who provide products or services to the Company or any Affiliate thereof (such as advisers and
payroll administrators), regulatory authorities, potential purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Participant works, and
as may be required by law.

10. Securities
Law Requirements.

(a) The
Units are subject to the further requirement that, if at any time the Committee determines in its discretion that the listing or qualification
of the Shares subject to the Units under any securities exchange requirements or under any applicable law, or the consent or approval
of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with, the issuance of Shares under it, then Shares
will not be issued under the Units, unless the necessary listing, qualification, consent or approval has been effected or obtained free
of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee.

(b) No
person who acquires Shares pursuant to the Units reflected in this Agreement may, during any period of time that person is an affiliate
of the Company (within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act
of 1933 (the 1933 Act)) sell the Shares, unless the offer and sale is made pursuant to (i) an effective registration
statement under the 1933 Act, which is current and includes the Shares to be sold, or (ii) an appropriate exemption from the registration
requirements of the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act. With respect to individuals subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, transactions under this Agreement are intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3,
or its successors under the Exchange Act. To the extent any provision of this Agreement or action by the Committee fails to so comply,
the Committee may determine, to the extent permitted by law, that the provision or action will be null and void.

11. No
Guarantee of Continued Service.

Nothing in the Plan or in
this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or an Affiliate thereof to terminate the Participants
Service at any time or confer upon the Participant any right to continued Service.

12. Interpretation;
Construction; Entire Agreement.

Any determination or interpretation
by the Committee under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be final and conclusive on all persons affected hereby. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in the Plan, in the event of a conflict between any term of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of
the Plan shall control. The Plan and this Agreement (including any exhibit and attachments hereto)
constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and
the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be automatically binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
else contrary herein or in the Plan, to the extent the Participant is a Covered Executive (as the term is defined in the Severance Plan
(as defined below)) in the Limbach Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan dated as of January 1, 2025,
as then amended (the Severance Plan), this Award will be construed and interpreted to give any such Covered Executive
the rights and remedies as are set forth in the Severance Plan. In addition, this Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions
of any clawback policy, policy of recoupment or recovery of compensation adopted by the Company from time to time (as such policy may
be amended) and is further subject to the requirements of any applicable law with respect to the recoupment or recovery of incentive compensation.
The Participant hereby agrees to be bound by the requirements of this paragraph. The recoupment or recovery of such incentive compensation
may be made by the Company or the Subsidiary that employed the Participant.

7

13. Amendments.

The Committee may, in its
sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, alter or amend this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the unvested portion
of the Units (but not any portion of the Units that has previously vested) in whole or in part, including without limitation, amending
the criteria for vesting set forth in Section 1 hereof and substituting alternative vesting criteria; provided that such alteration,
amendment, suspension or termination shall preserve the economic value, as determined by the Committee in its sole good faith discretion,
of the previously granted Units. The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any such alteration or amendment of this
Agreement as promptly as practicable after the adoption thereof. This Agreement may also be amended by a writing signed by both the Company
and the Participant.

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, letters, waivers and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (A) delivered personally, (B) mailed, certified or registered mail
with postage prepaid, (C) sent by next-day or overnight mail or delivery, or (D) transmitted by fax or e-mail, as follows:

(i) If to the Company:

Limbach Holdings, Inc.

797 Commonwealth Drive, Warrendale, PA 15086

Attention: Melissa DiMuro, Chief People & Culture
Officer

Phone: 513.508.8829

Email: melissa.dimuro@limbachinc.com

(ii) If to the Participant, to the Participants last known home address,

or to such other person or address as any party
shall specify by notice in writing to the Company. All such notices, requests, demands, letters, waivers and other communications shall
be deemed to have been received (w) if by personal delivery on the day after such delivery, (x) if by certified or registered
mail, on the fifth business day after the mailing thereof, (y) if by next-day or overnight mail or delivery, on the day delivered,
or (z) if by email, on the day transmitted, provided, that such transmission is confirmed.

8

(b) Binding
Effect; Benefits. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to this Agreement and their respective
successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to give any person other than
the parties to this Agreement or their respective successors or assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of any agreement or any provision contained herein.

(c) No
Guarantee of Future Awards. This Agreement does not guarantee the Participant the right to or expectation of future Awards under
the Plan or any future plan adopted by the Company.

(d) Waiver.
Either party hereto may by written notice to the other (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
actions of the other under this Agreement, (ii) waive compliance with any of the conditions or covenants of the other contained in
this Agreement and (iii) waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of the other under this Agreement. Except as provided
in the preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any investigation by or on behalf
of either party, shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with any representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained herein. The waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach and no failure by either party to exercise any right or privilege hereunder
shall be deemed a waiver of such partys rights or privileges hereunder or shall be deemed a waiver of such partys rights
to exercise the same at any subsequent time or times hereunder.

(e) Code
Section 409A Compliance. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, to the extent that the Committee determines that any
portion of the Units granted under this Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and fails to comply with the requirements of Code
Section 409A, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan or in this Agreement, the Committee reserves the right
to amend, restructure, terminate or replace such portion of the Units in order to cause such portion of the Units to either not be subject
to Code Section 409A or to comply with the applicable provisions of such section.

(f) Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, regardless of the law
that might be applied under principles of conflict of laws.

(g) Section and
Other Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(h) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

Signature page follows 

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
and the Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

LIMBACH
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Melissa DiMuro

Name: Melissa DiMuro

Title: Chief People,
Culture & Marketing Officer

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
or in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee hereby reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate and cancel this Award if
the Participant fails to countersign below and return an executed copy of this Agreement to the Company on or prior to [DATE].

PARTICIPANT

Name: [NAME] 

Signature page to Time-Based
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lmb-20250101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lmb-20250101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lmb-20250101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36541

Entity Registrant Name LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001606163

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-5399422

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 797
Commonwealth Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Warrendale

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15086

City Area Code 412

Local Phone Number 359-2100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol LMB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://1347capital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lmb-20250101.xsd 
lmb-20250101_lab.xml 
lmb-20250101_pre.xml 
tm251883d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001100-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm251883d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001606163 

2025-01-01 
2025-01-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001606163 
8-K 
2025-01-01 
LIMBACH HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-36541 
46-5399422 
797 Commonwealth Drive 
Warrendale 
PA 
15086 
412 
359-2100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value 
LMB 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>