<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001115055-25-000021.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001115055-25-000021.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124112808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001115055-25-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001115055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				621812853
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39309
		FILM NUMBER:		25552571

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 THIRD AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6157443700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 THIRD AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pnfp-20250123.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?pnfp-20250123

0001115055FALSE00011150552025-01-232025-01-230001115055us-gaap:CommonClassAMember2025-01-232025-01-230001115055us-gaap:NoncumulativePreferredStockMember2025-01-232025-01-23

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

______________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 23, 2025

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Tennessee 000-31225 62-1812853

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

150 Third Avenue South, Suite 900, Nashville, Tennessee37201

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (615)744-3700

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on which Registered

Common Stock par value $1.00 PNFP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 6.75% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B) PNFPP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

(e)

2025 Equity Awards. Effective January 23, 2025, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (the Company) granted time-based restricted share units (Restricted Share Units) and performance-based restricted share units (Performance Units) under the Companys Second Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to the employees set forth below (the Named Executive Officers), which will entitle the Named Executive Officers to earn the following number of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $1.00 per share (Common Stock), at target and maximum levels of performance over a three-year performance period in the case of the Performance Units and a three-year pro rata vesting period in the case of the Restricted Share Units: 

Employee Restricted Share Units Number of Shares Performance Units Target Number of Shares Performance Units Maximum Number of Shares*

M. Terry Turner 7,725 18,024 43,257

Robert A. McCabe, Jr. 7,340 17,126 41,101

Richard D. Callicutt, II 2,821 6,581 15,793

Harold R. Carpenter 2,207 5,150 12,359

Charissa Sumerlin 1,717 4,006 9,613

* Includes a full 20% upward adjustment for the Relative TSR Modifier (as defined below).

2025 Restricted Share Unit Awards. Effective January 23, 2025, the Committee adopted and approved the form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (the RSU Award Agreement), pursuant to which the Restricted Share Units disclosed above were granted to the Named Executive Officers. The Restricted Share Units vest in one-third increments on each of January 31, 2026, January 31, 2027 and January 31, 2028 (each such date, a RSU Vesting Date), and will be settled when vested in a like number of shares of Common Stock, less any shares withheld to cover the Named Executive Officer's tax obligations with respect to such shares.

In the event that a Named Executive Officers employment terminates by reason of retirement, with the prior approval of the Committee, or its designee, the Named Executive Officer will be entitled to receive a pro rata portion of the Restricted Share Units that were scheduled to vest on the next RSU Vesting Date immediately following the retirement based on the number of days worked since the most recent RSU Vesting Date or the date of grant if no RSU Vesting Date had yet occurred. In the event that a Named Executive Officers employment terminates by reason of death or disability, all then unvested and outstanding Restricted Share Units shall be deemed vested. In the event that a Named Executive Officers employment is terminated other than for death, disability or retirement, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Named Executive Officer shall forfeit all Restricted Share Units for which the forfeiture restrictions have not lapsed prior to the date of such termination.

No Named Executive Officer shall have voting rights with respect to the Restricted Share Units prior to such units settlement, if any, into shares of Common Stock. The Restricted Share Units may not be assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of prior to the date the forfeiture restrictions with respect to such units have lapsed, if at all.

Any dividends paid by the Company on shares of Common Stock while the Restricted Share Units remain unvested shall accrue for the benefit of the Named Executive Officers but shall not be paid to the Named Executive Officers until such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of such Restricted Share Units, if any, shall be issued (and then only to the extent that the dividends are attributable to such shares).

In the event that a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs, all then unvested and outstanding Restricted Share Units shall vest immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control. Such Restricted Share Units shall be settled in a like number of shares of Common Stock, less any shares withheld to cover the Named Executive Officer's tax obligations with respect to such shares, that shall not be subject to any further forfeiture restrictions.

The foregoing summary of the RSU Award Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of RSU Award Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and to the Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on April 26, 2024.

2025 Performance Unit Awards. Effective January 23, 2025, the Committee adopted and approved the form of Named Executive Officer Performance Unit Award Agreement (the 2025 PSU Award Agreement), pursuant to which the Performance Units disclosed above were granted to the Named Executive Officers. Pursuant to the terms of the 2025 PSU Award Agreements, the Performance Units will be earned, if at all, based on the Companys performance over the three year performance period ending December 31, 2027 (the Performance Period) for average return on average tangible common equity for each of the fiscal years in the Performance Period (ROATCE) and tangible book value per share accretion for the Performance Period (TBV Accretion) (in each case, which may be adjusted for the impact of items described in more detail in the 2025 PSU Award Agreement) measured against ROATCE (Relative ROATCE) and TBV Accretion (Relative TBV Accretion) for a group of peer companies over the same Performance Period, and as such earned units may be adjusted positively or negatively by up to 20% based on the Companys Total Shareholder Return performance against the KBW Regional Bank Index over the period from January 23, 2025 through January 24, 2028 (the Relative TSR Modifier). Such Performance Units will be settled, if earned, in a like number of shares of Common Stock following certification of the Companys results compared to the peer companies in the peer group and determination by the Committee subsequent to the Performance Period that the average ratio of Pinnacle Banks nonperforming assets to its loans plus other real estate owned (NPA Ratio) as of each of the three years ended December 31, 2025, 2026 and 2027 is less than or equal to the targeted NPA Ratio established by the Committee and described in the 2025 PSU Award Agreement.

All Performance Units that are earned under the 2025 PSU Award Agreements will be settled in a like number of shares of Common Stock, less any shares withheld to cover the Named Executive Officer's tax obligations with respect to such shares, as soon as practicable following the Committees certification of the Companys results compared to the peer companies in the peer group. In the event that a Named Executive Officers employment terminates by reason of retirement prior to December 31, 2027, the Named Executive Officer shall be entitled to receive the number of Performance Units that the Named Executive Officer would have earned had his employment not so terminated based on a pro rata calculation of the number of days the Named Executive Officer was employed during the Performance Period. In the event that a Named Executive Officers employment is terminated by reason of death or disability prior to December 31, 2027, the Named Executive Officer (or his estate or heirs) shall be entitled to receive the greater of (a) the number of Performance Units that the Committee determines, based on the Companys performance during the portion of the Performance Period ending on the last day of the fiscal quarter preceding such termination, and (b) the number of Performance Units that the Named Executive Officer would earn based on target level of performance. In the event that a Named Executive Officers employment is terminated other than for death, disability or retirement, the Named Executive Officer, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, shall forfeit all Performance Units granted under the 2025 PSU Award Agreement.

If the NPA Ratio is above the targeted ratio, the Performance Units granted under the 2025 PSU Award Agreement will be immediately forfeited following the determination of such ratio by the Committee and the Named Executive Officer will have no further rights with respect to such Performance Units or the underlying shares of Common Stock (including any dividends attributable thereto); provided, however, that if the Committee determines that an event has occurred which is outside the ordinary course and has impacted the NPA Ratio, the Committee will have the right to increase or decrease the vesting target to reflect such event for purposes of determining whether shares of Common Stock shall be issuable in settlement of such Performance Units otherwise earned.

No Named Executive Officer shall have voting rights with respect to the Performance Units granted under the 2025 PSU Award Agreement prior to such units settlement, if any, into shares of Common Stock. The Performance Units granted under the 2025 PSU Award Agreements may not be assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of other than by the laws of descent and distribution prior to the date the forfeiture restrictions with respect to such units have lapsed (including the achievement of the NPA Ratio), if at all.

Any dividends paid by the Company on shares of Common Stock while the Performance Units granted under the 2025 PSU Award Agreements remain outstanding shall accrue for the benefit of the Named Executive Officers but shall not be paid to the Named Executive Officers until such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of such Performance Units, if any, shall be issued (and then only to the extent that the dividends are attributable to such shares).

In the event that a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs prior to December 31, 2027, the Committee shall determine, based on the Companys performance during the portion of the Performance Period ending on the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the Change in Control, the number of Performance Units that would be expected to be earned by a Named Executive Officer over the entire Performance Period and the Named Executive Officer will be vested in the greater of such number of Performance Units and the number of Performance Units that the Named Executive Officer would earn based on target level of performance. Such Performance Units shall be settled in a like number of shares of Common Stock, less any shares withheld to cover the Named Executive Officer's tax obligations with respect to such shares, that shall not be subject to any further forfeiture restrictions.

The foregoing summary of the 2025 PSU Award Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of 2025 PSU Award Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference, and to 

the Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2024.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Form of 2025 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement

10.2 

Form of Named Executive Officers 2025 Performance Unit Award Agreement

10.3 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.

By: /s/Harold R. Carpenter

Name: Harold R. Carpenter

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 24, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101-8xk2025rsuxpsu.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.

2025 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

THIS RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is by and between Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (the "Company"), and [___] (the "Grantee"). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan").

Section 1. Restricted Share Unit Award. 

(a) Grant of Restricted Units. The Company hereby grants to the Grantee, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, [___] Restricted Share Units (the Restricted Units) (subject to adjustment under Section 4.2 of the Plan). The Grantees rights with respect to the Restricted Units shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the vesting and settlement of the Restricted Units pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) Lapse of Restrictions. Subject to Sections 3 and 6 hereof, the restrictions associated with the Restricted Units granted pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof shall lapse at such times (each, a Vesting Date) and in the amounts set forth below: 

Cumulative

Percentage Vested Date of Vesting Cumulative

Shares Vested

33% January 31, 2026 

66% January 31, 2027 

100% January 31, 2028 

Pursuant to the terms of Section 1(c) of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Grantee one share of the Company's common stock, $1.00 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), for each Restricted Unit that is earned by the Grantee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(c) Settlement of Restricted Units. Except in the event of earlier vesting pursuant to Section 3 or 6 of this Agreement, within two (2) business days of a Vesting Date, the Company shall issue, or cause the Companys stock transfer agent to issue, in the name of the Grantee, a stock certificate, or, in lieu of such a certificate, record an electronic book entry position, representing the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Restricted Units (and any additional Restricted Units issued pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, if any) are to be settled in accordance with this Agreement. Each date that shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of Restricted Units awarded hereunder are issued to the Grantee (including, any date earlier than a Vesting Date pursuant to Section 3 or Section 6 of this Agreement) is referred to herein as a Settlement Date. Until shares of the Companys Common Stock are delivered to the Grantee in settlement of the Restricted Units (and any additional Restricted Units issued pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, if any) on a Settlement Date, the Grantee shall have none of the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares of the Companys Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Restricted Units (and any additional Restricted Units, issued pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, if any), including the right to vote such shares. The Grantees rights with respect to distributions or dividends declared or paid on the Common Stock prior to the issuance of the shares of Common Stock in accordance with this Section 1(c) are set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement.

Section 2. Dividend Equivalents and Dividends. 

(a) Crediting of Dividend Equivalents on Restricted Units. Subject to this Section 2, from the date hereof through each Settlement Date, dividend equivalents shall be credited on the Grantees Restricted Units (other than Restricted Units that, at the relevant record date, previously have been settled in shares of the Companys Common Stock or forfeited) as follows: 

(i) Cash Dividends. If the Company declares and pays a dividend or distribution on shares of the Companys Common Stock in the form of cash, then the Grantee shall be credited, as of the payment date for such dividend or distribution, with an amount of cash equal to (A) the amount of such dividend on each 

1

outstanding share of Common Stock, multiplied by (B) the Restricted Units that may still vest under this Agreement as of the record date for such dividend or distribution. 

(ii) Non-Share Dividends. If the Company declares and pays a dividend or distribution on shares of the Companys Common Stock in the form of property other than Common Stock, then a number of additional Restricted Units shall be credited to the Grantee as of the payment date for such dividend or distribution equal to (A) the Restricted Units that may still vest under this Agreement as of the record date for such dividend or distribution multiplied by (B) the fair market value (as determined by the Compensation Committee) of such property actually paid as a dividend or distribution on each outstanding share of Common Stock at such payment date, divided by (C) the Fair Market Value of a share of the Companys Common Stock at such payment date. 

(iii) Common Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company declares and pays a dividend or distribution on shares of the Companys Common Stock in the form of additional shares of Common Stock, then a number of additional Restricted Units shall be credited to the Grantee as of the payment date for such dividend or distribution or forward split equal to (A) the Restricted Units that may still vest under this Agreement as of the record date for such dividend or distribution, multiplied by (B) the number of additional shares actually paid as a dividend or distribution or issued in such split in respect of each outstanding share of Common Stock.

(b) Adjustment of Dividend Equivalents on Restricted Units. If any Restricted Unit granted under this Agreement is not earned (or is otherwise forfeited) for any reason, any dividend or distribution previously credited with respect to such Restricted Unit, whether in the form of cash, property or additional Restricted Units, shall be forfeited on the date on which the underlying Restricted Units are forfeited. 

(c) Payment of Dividend Equivalents on Restricted Units. Any cash, property or additional Restricted Units credited to the Grantee under Sections 3(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this Agreement prior to a Settlement Date shall be accrued (without interest and earnings) rather than paid to the Grantee when such dividend or distribution is paid. On a Settlement Date, the Company shall pay to the Grantee any cash, property or shares of Common Stock accrued in respect of dividends or distributions on the Restricted Units that are so settled on such Settlement Date. 

Section 3. Termination/Change of Status. In the event that the Grantees employment by the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company) terminates for any reason, other than death or Disability, all Restricted Units for which the forfeiture restrictions have not lapsed prior to the termination of the Grantees employment (including, after giving effect to any pro rata lapsing of the forfeiture restrictions as provided for in the penultimate and final sentences of this Section 3) shall be immediately forfeited and Grantee shall have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Units or shares of the Companys Common Stock that may have been issuable in settlement of such forfeited Restricted Units. In the event that the Grantees employment terminates by reason of death or Disability, all Restricted Units shall be deemed vested and, the restrictions under the Plan and this Agreement with respect to the Restricted Units, including the restriction on transfer set forth in Section 4 hereof, shall automatically expire and shall be of no further force or effect as of the date such Grantees employment terminates. In the event that the Grantees employment by the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company) terminates by reason of Retirement, with the prior approval of the Compensation Committee, or its designee, the forfeiture restrictions with respect to a pro rata portion of the Grantees Restricted Units that were scheduled to lapse on the next Vesting Date immediately following the date that the Grantees employment terminates shall lapse and such Restricted Units shall be deemed vested as of the date such Grantees employment terminates in a pro rata amount equal to the quotient, expressed as a percentage, resulting from dividing (A) the number of days that have lapsed from the most recent Vesting Date preceding the date that the Grantees employment terminated or, if the first Vesting Date has not yet occurred, the number of days that have lapsed from January 23, 2025, and (B) 365, or if the first Vesting Date has not yet occurred, 373, and the Grantee shall be entitled to receive in settlement of such Restricted Units a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock. Promptly following the date that the Grantees employment terminates as a result of death, Disability or Retirement and, in the case of Retirement, the Compensation Committee, or its designee authorizes as such in accordance with this Section 3, the Company shall issue, or cause the Companys transfer agent to issue, in the name of the Grantee, a stock certificate, or, in lieu of such a certificate, record an electronic book entry position, representing the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock into which the Restricted Units (and any additional Restricted Units issued pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, if any) are to be settled. Such shares shall be issued to the Grantee 

2

not later than the 30th day following the date that the Grantees employment terminates. In such event, the remaining portion of the Restricted Units for which the forfeiture restrictions have not lapsed prior to the date the Grantees employment by the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) terminates shall be immediately forfeited and the Grantee shall have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Units.

Section 4. No Transfer or Pledge of Units. The Restricted Units issued hereunder may not be assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and upon any such transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution, the transferee shall hold such Restricted Units subject to all terms and conditions that were applicable to the Grantee immediately prior to such transfer. 

Section 5. Withholding of Taxes. Upon the issuance of shares of the Companys Common Stock (or other property distributed with respect thereto) pursuant to Section 1(c) or Section 2 of this Agreement, the Company shall cancel such shares of the Companys Common Stock (or withhold property) otherwise issuable hereunder having an aggregate Fair Market Value, on the date of such withholding, in an amount required to satisfy the applicable Withholding Tax Obligations with respect to the shares of the Companys Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Restricted Units (or such other property being distributed to the Grantee). The Company shall deduct from any payment of cash (whether or not related to the Restricted Units including, without limitation, salary payments) to the Grantee an amount as shall be reasonably required to satisfy the required Withholding Tax Obligations with respect to the Grantee pertaining to cash payments under this Agreement (including any cash dividend equivalents paid in respect of Restricted Units). For purposes hereof, Withholding Tax Obligations means the minimum amount necessary to satisfy Federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax requirements, if any, in connection with settlement of the Restricted Units (or distribution of other property hereunder); provided, however, that, in the discretion of the Company, the Company may allow the cancellation of an additional number of shares of the Companys Common Stock to satisfy an additional amount of withholding taxes up to the maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction, but only if such additional withholding, or the discretion to elect such additional withholding, does not result in adverse accounting treatment of the award represented by this Agreement to the Company.

Section 6. Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, then all then unvested and outstanding Restricted Units shall vest immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control. The Grantee shall be entitled to receive, immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control, in settlement of such Restricted Units a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock, together with such number of shares of the Companys Common Stock as are issuable to the Grantee in settlement of Restricted Units already earned by the Grantee and such other cash, property or shares of Common Stock accrued with respect to all such shares of the Companys Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(c) of this Agreement.

Section 7. No Right to Continued Employment. This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ of the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company), and the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company) may at any time dismiss the Grantee from employment, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan.

Section 8. Governing Provisions. This Agreement is made under and subject to the provisions of the Plan, and all of the provisions of the Plan are also provisions of this Agreement. If there is a difference or conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. By signing this Agreement, the Grantee confirms that he or she has received a copy of (or an electronic link to) the Plan.

Section 9. Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the compensation to be paid to the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement is intended to qualify as a short-term deferral pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Regulations or to otherwise be exempt from the scope of deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code as restricted property governed by Section 83 of the Code, and this Agreement shall be interpreted consistently therewith. However, to the extent the payment of any compensation hereunder in connection with the Grantees termination of employment does not qualify for an exception from treatment as deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, then (a) such amount shall not be payable unless Grantees termination of employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Regulations and (b) if Grantee is a specified employee at such time for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent delayed payment of any portion of the 

3

Restricted Units or shares of Common Stock to which Grantee is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of the Restricted Units or shares of Common Stock shall not be paid to Grantee prior to the earlier of (x) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of the Grantees separation from service with the Company or (y) the date of Grantees death. Upon the earlier of such dates, settlement of all Restricted Units shall occur as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In the event compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement is otherwise determined to constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered consistently with the terms thereof.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

10.1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Grantee concerning the Restricted Unit and the shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to this Agreement, and supersede any prior or contemporaneous negotiations and understandings. The Company and the Grantee have made no promises, agreements, conditions or understandings relating to the Restricted Unit or the shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to this Agreement, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Agreement or the Plan.

10.2. Captions. The captions and section numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the provisions of this Agreement.

10.3. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures; Deemed Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when signed by the Company and the Grantee will be deemed an original and all of which together will be deemed the same Agreement. Grantee and the Company each acknowledge and agree that signatures delivered via electronic mail in PDF format and electronic signatures shall be valid and binding and may be used in lieu of original (i.e., wet ink) signatures for all purposes under this Agreement. Moreover, this Agreement may be accepted by means of electronic acceptance through any equity-based award electronic portal utilized by the Company to manage equity-based awards under the Plan.

10.4. Compliance With Laws and Regulations. The award of Restricted Units (and, if issued in settlement of Restricted Units, shares of the Companys Common Stock) evidenced hereby shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may be required.

10.5. Notice. Any notice or communication having to do with this Agreement must be given by personal delivery or by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to the Company, to the principal office of the Company, and, if to the Grantee, to the Grantee's last known address provided by the Grantee to the Company.

10.6 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the Company, provided that unless the Grantee consents in writing, the Company cannot amend this Agreement if the amendment will materially change or impair the Grantee's rights under this Agreement and such change is not to the Grantee's benefit.

10.7 Successors and Assignment. Each and all of the provisions of this Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Grantee and their heirs, successors, and assigns. However, neither the Restricted Unit nor this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or the Plan.

10.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to agreements to be performed in the State of Tennessee.

[Signature page to follow.]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this Agreement to be effective as of January 23, 2025.

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.:

By:_____________________________________

Name: 

Title: 

GRANTEE:

By:_______________________________

Name: 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102-8xk2025neopsu.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.

NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

2025 PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

THIS PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is by and between Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (the Company), and ___________ (the Grantee). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan).

Section 1. Performance Unit Award. 

(a) Grant of Performance Units. The Company hereby grants to the Grantee, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (including Exhibit A hereto) and in the Plan, ____ Performance Units (subject to adjustment under Section 4.2 of the Plan, the Target Amount of Performance Units). Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Exhibit A), (i) 50% of the Target Amount of Performance Units (the ROATCE Tranche) may be earned by the Grantee based on (A) the Companys Relative ROATCE (as defined in and calculated in accordance with Exhibit A) for the period commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2027 (such period the Performance Period) and (B) the Grantee remaining employed by the Company, or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, through the last day of the Performance Period, and (ii) 50% of the Target Amount of Performance Units (the TBV Tranche) may be earned by the Grantee based on (A) the Companys Relative TBV Accretion (as defined in, and calculated in accordance with, Exhibit A) and (B) the Grantee remaining employed by the Company, or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, through the last day of the Performance Period; provided that to the extent that the Grantee vests in greater or less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Target Amount of Performance Units (as provided for in this Section 1 and Exhibit A), additional or fewer, as applicable, Performance Units will be issued to the Grantee hereunder. For purposes of clarity and for the avoidance of doubt, the actual number of Performance Units earned by the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement may be a higher or lower number of Performance Units than the Target Amount of Performance Units. Subject to adjustment under Section 4.2 of the Plan and as provided for in Section 3 of this Agreement, the maximum number of Performance Units that the Grantee may earn under this Agreement, including after application of the TSR Modifier (as defined in, and calculated in accordance with, Exhibit A) shall be ____ (the Maximum Amount of Performance Units). Pursuant to the terms of Section 1(b) of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Grantee one share of the Company's common stock, par value $1.00 per share (the Common Stock), for each Performance Unit that is earned by the Grantee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. As soon as practicable following the completion of the Performance Period (or earlier in accordance with Sections 4(b) and 7 of this Agreement), the Compensation Committee shall (x) determine whether the Companys Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion exceed the threshold levels of Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion set forth on Exhibit A with respect to the Performance Period and (y) certify whether and to what extent the levels of Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion have been achieved and the number of Performance Units that the Grantee shall have earned, if any, and the extent of the TSR Modifier. Such certification shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Grantee and on all other persons, to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

(b) Vesting and Settlement of Performance Units. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4 and 7 of this Agreement, the Performance Units earned pursuant to Section 1(a) shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the date in the year immediately following the last day of the Performance Period (or earlier pursuant to Sections 4(b) and 7 of this Agreement), which date shall be as soon as practicable following the end of the Performance Period, that the Compensation Committee certifies (as detailed in Exhibit A) (i) the level of achievement of the Companys Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion and the extent of the TSR Modifier and (ii) that the average of the ratios of Pinnacle Banks nonperforming assets to its loans plus other real estate owned as described below as of each of December 31, 2025, December 31, 2026 and December 31, 2027 calculated, for each fiscal year end, using the Companys audited financial statements for each such fiscal year (the NPA Ratio) is equal to or less than [___] (such date, the PSU Vesting Date) subject to the Grantees continued employment from the date hereof through the last day of the Performance Period. Except in the event of earlier settlement pursuant to Section 4(b) or 7 of this Agreement, within two (2) business days of the the PSU Vesting Date, the Company shall issue, or cause the Companys stock transfer agent to issue, in the name of the Grantee, a stock certificate, or, in lieu of such a certificate, record an electronic book entry position, representing the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock into which the Performance Units earned by the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement (and any additional 

1

Performance Units issued pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement, if any) are to be settled in accordance with this Agreement. The date that the shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Performance Units awarded hereunder are issued to the Grantee (including any date earlier than the PSU Vesting Date pursuant to Section 4(b) or Section 7 of this Agreement) is referred to herein as the Settlement Date. Until shares of the Companys Common Stock are issued to the Grantee in settlement of the Performance Units (and any additional Performance Units issued pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement, if any), the Grantee shall have none of the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares of the Companys Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Performance Units (and any additional Performance Units, issued pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement, if any), including the right to vote such shares. The Grantees rights with respect to distributions or dividends declared or paid on the Companys Common Stock prior to the Settlement Date are set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.

Section 2. Calculation of NPA Ratio. In the event that the Compensation Committee determines that an event has occurred during any of the fiscal years within the Performance Period which is outside the ordinary course and has impacted Pinnacle Banks NPA Ratio for such fiscal year, the Compensation Committee may increase or decrease the NPA Ratio to reflect such event for purposes of determining whether shares of the Companys Common Stock shall be issuable in settlement of the Performance Units earned for the Performance Period. When calculating the NPA Ratio as of the last date of any fiscal year within the Performance Period for purposes of this Agreement, in the event that the Company, or a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, acquires a finance company, financial institution or a holding company of a financial institution or a branch office thereof, by way of merger or otherwise, or in the event the Company, or a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, shall acquire in an arms-length purchase from a third party any low-quality asset, such acquired nonperforming assets or purchased low-quality assets shall be excluded from the calculation of the NPA Ratio. The Compensation Committee shall make any adjustments contemplated by this Section 2 in its sole and absolute discretion.

Section 3. Dividend Equivalents and Dividends. 

(a) Crediting of Dividend Equivalents on Performance Units. Subject to this Section 3, from the date hereof through the Settlement Date dividend equivalents shall be credited on the Grantees Performance Units (other than Performance Units that, at the relevant record date, previously have been settled in shares of the Companys Common Stock or forfeited) as follows: 

(i) Cash Dividends. If the Company declares and pays a dividend or distribution on shares of the Companys Common Stock in the form of cash, then the Grantee shall be credited as of the payment date for such dividend or distribution with an amount of cash equal to (A) the amount of such dividend on each outstanding share of Common Stock, multiplied by (B) the Maximum Amount of Performance Units that may still vest under this Agreement as of the record date for such dividend or distribution. 

(ii) Non-Share Dividends. If the Company declares and pays a dividend or distribution on shares of the Companys Common Stock in the form of property other than Common Stock, then a number of additional Performance Units shall be credited to the Grantee as of the payment date for such dividend or distribution equal to (A) the Maximum Amount of Performance Units that may still vest under this Agreement as of the record date for such dividend or distribution multiplied by (B) the fair market value (as determined by the Compensation Committee) of such property actually paid as a dividend or distribution on each outstanding share of Common Stock at such payment date, divided by (C) the Fair Market Value of a share of the Companys Common Stock at such payment date. 

(iii) Common Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company declares and pays a dividend or distribution on shares of the Companys Common Stock in the form of additional shares of Common Stock, then a number of additional Performance Units shall be credited to the Grantee as of the payment date for such dividend or distribution or forward split equal to (A) the Maximum Amount of Performance Units that may still vest under this Agreement as of the record date for such dividend or distribution, multiplied by (B) the number of additional shares actually paid as a dividend or distribution or issued in such split in respect of each outstanding share of Common Stock.

(b) Adjustment of Dividend Equivalents on Performance Units. If any Performance Unit granted under this Agreement is not earned (or is otherwise forfeited) for any reason, including as a result of (i) the failure of the Companys Relative ROATCE or Relative TBV Accretion for the Performance Period to be at or above any 

2

minimum or threshold level required pursuant to Exhibit A; (ii) the failure of Pinnacle Banks NPA Ratio to be equal to or less than [___]; (iii) the Grantees employment with the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, terminating prior to the last day of the Performance Period (other than pursuant to Sections 4(b) or (c) of this Agreement); or (iv) the extent to which the Maximum Amount of Performance Units are not earned, any dividend or distribution previously credited with respect to such Performance Unit, whether in the form of cash, property or additional Performance Units, shall be forfeited on the date on which the underlying Performance Units are forfeited. 

(c) Payment of Dividend Equivalents on Performance Units. Any cash, property or additional Performance Units credited to the Grantee under Sections 3(a)(i),(ii)or(iii) of this Agreement prior to the Settlement Date shall be accrued (without interest and earnings) rather than paid to the Grantee when such dividend or distribution is paid. On the Settlement Date, the Company shall pay to the Grantee any cash, property or shares of Common Stock so accrued in respect of dividends or distributions on those Performance Units that are earned by the Grantee hereunder and settled on the Settlement Date. 

Section 4. Termination/Change of Status. 

(a) Termination Other Than for Death, Disability or Retirement. In the event that the Grantee's employment by the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, terminates prior to the last day of the Performance Period for any reason, other than death, Disability or Retirement, except as otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, the Performance Units issued or issuable hereunder shall be immediately forfeited and the Grantee shall have no further rights with respect to the Performance Units or shares of the Companys Common Stock that may have been issuable in settlement of such forfeited Performance Units.

(b) Termination for Death or Disability. 

(i)Termination for Death or Disability Prior to End of Performance Period. In the event that the Grantees employment by the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, terminates prior to the last day of the Performance Period by reason of death or Disability, the forfeiture restrictions on the Performance Units granted hereunder shall lapse on such date as the Compensation Committee shall determine, on the greater of (A) that number of Performance Units granted under this Agreement as the Compensation Committee may determine, based on the Companys actual performance in respect of the Companys Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion for the period from the first day of the Performance Period through the last day of the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the date the Grantees employment terminates on account of death or Disability, as applicable, and after applying the TSR Modifier for the portion of the Performance Period from the first day of the Performance Period through the last day of the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the date the Grantees employment terminates on account of death or Disability or (B) the Target Amount of Performance Units, and the Grantee, or in the case of the Grantees death, his or her estate or heirs, shall be entitled to receive a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock, without regard to whether Pinnacle Banks NPA Ratio will be equal to or less than [___}. Any shares of the Companys Common Stock issued to the Grantee, or in the case of the Grantees death, to the estate or heirs of the Grantee, pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be issued on a date selected by the Company but in no event later than the seventy-fifth (75th) day following the date the Grantees employment terminates on account of death or Disability.

(ii)Termination for Death or Disability After End of Performance Period. In the event that the Grantees employment by the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, terminates after the last day of the Performance Period but prior to the PSU Vesting Date by reason of death or Disability, the forfeiture restrictions on the Performance Units granted hereunder shall lapse on the PSU Vesting Date on that number of Performance Units that the Compensation Committee shall determine to have been earned by the Grantee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including after application of the calculation methodology set forth in Exhibit A, and the Grantee, or in the case of the Grantees death, his or her estate or heirs, shall be entitled to receive a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock. Any shares of the Companys Common 

3

Stock issued to the Grantee, or in the case of the Grantees death, to the estate or heirs of the Grantee, pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be issued on the Settlement Date.

(c) Termination for Retirement. 

(i)Termination for Retirement Prior to End of Performance Period. In the event that the Grantees employment by the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, terminates by reason of Retirement prior to the last day of the Performance Period, the forfeiture restrictions on a pro rata portion of the Performance Units granted hereunder shall lapse on the PSU Vesting Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) the number of Performance Units that the Compensation Committee determines the Grantee would have earned under this Agreement had he or she remained employed through the last day of the Performance Period and that would have vested on the PSU Vesting Date based on the Companys actual performance in respect of the Companys Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion for the Performance Period and after applying the TSR Modifier and so long as the NPA Ratio is equal to or less than [___] and (ii) the quotient, expressed as a percentage, resulting from dividing (A) the number of days that have lapsed as of the Grantees date of Retirement from the first day of the Performance Period and (B) the total number of days in the Performance Period, and the Grantee shall be entitled to receive a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock. Any shares of the Companys Common Stock issued to the Grantee pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be issued on the PSU Vesting Date or, if later, the Settlement Date.

(ii)Termination for Retirement After End of Performance Period. In the event that the Grantees employment by the Company, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, terminates after the last day of the Performance Period but prior to the PSU Vesting Date by reason of Retirement, the forfeiture restrictions on the Performance Units granted hereunder shall lapse on the PSU Vesting Date on that number of Performance Units that the Compensation Committee shall determine to have been earned by the Grantee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including after application of the calculation methodology set forth in Exhibit A, and the Grantee shall be entitled to receive a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock. Any shares of the Companys Common Stock issued to the Grantee pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be issued on the PSU Vesting Date or, if later, the Settlement Date.

(iii)Grantees Death Following Retirement. In the event that the Grantee dies following the termination of his or her employment for Retirement but before shares of the Companys Common Stock are issued to the Grantee in accordance with Section 4(c)(i) or (ii) and Section 1(b) of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 4(b)(i) shall apply, except that the Grantees retirement date shall be substituted for Grantees date of death or Disability as used therein. 

Section 5. No Transfer or Pledge of Units. The Performance Units issued hereunder may not be assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and upon any such transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution, the transferee shall hold such Performance Units subject to all terms and conditions that were applicable to the Grantee immediately prior to such transfer. 

Section 6. Withholding of Taxes. Upon the issuance of shares of the Companys Common Stock (or other property distributed with respect thereto) pursuant to Section 1(b) or Section 3 of this Agreement, the Company shall cancel such shares of the Companys Common Stock (or withhold property) otherwise issuable hereunder having an aggregate Fair Market Value, on the date of such withholding, in an amount required to satisfy the applicable Withholding Tax Obligations with respect to the shares of the Companys Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Performance Units (or such other property being distributed to the Grantee). The Company shall deduct from any payment of cash (whether or not related to the Performance Units including, without limitation, salary payments) to the Grantee an amount as shall be reasonably required to satisfy the required Withholding Tax Obligations with respect to the Grantee pertaining to cash payments under this Agreement (including any cash dividend equivalents paid in respect of the Performance Units). For purposes hereof, Withholding Tax Obligations means the minimum amount necessary to satisfy Federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax requirements, if any, in connection with settlement of the Performance Units (or distribution of other property hereunder); provided, 

4

however, that, in the discretion of the Company, the Company may allow the cancellation of an additional number of shares of the Companys Common Stock to satisfy an additional amount of withholding taxes up to the maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction, but only if such additional withholding, or the discretion to elect such additional withholding, does not result in adverse accounting treatment of the award represented by this Agreement to the Company.

Section 7. Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) prior to the PSU Vesting Date, the Compensation Committee, prior to consummation of such Change in Control, shall determine, based on the Companys actual performance in respect of the Companys Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion, and after applying the TSR Modifier, in each case, for the period from the first day of the Performance Period through the last day of the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control (or, the entire Performance Period if the Change in Control occurs after the end of the Performance Period), that number of Performance Units that would be expected to vest for the Performance Period at such time as the Compensation Committee makes its determination and the Grantee shall vest, immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control, in the greater of (i) such number of Performance Units as the Compensation Committee shall so determine and (ii) the Target Amount of Performance Units. The Grantee shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall issue, or cause the Companys transfer agent to issue, to the Grantee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control, in settlement of such Performance Units a like number of shares of the Companys Common Stock together with such other cash, property or shares of Common Stock accrued with respect to such shares pursuant to Section 3(c) of this Agreement. In the event that the Grantees employment (i) terminates subsequent to the last day of the Performance Period but before the consummation of the Change in Control or (ii) terminates as a result of death, Disability or Retirement prior to the last day of the Performance Period, and, shares of the Companys Common Stock that are then issuable or that may thereafter become issuable to the Grantee pursuant to Section 4(b) or 4(c) of this Agreement have not yet been issued or become issuable to the Grantee as of the consummation of the Change in Control, the Company shall issue, or cause the Companys transfer agent to issue, to the Grantee such shares of the Companys Common Stock immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 

Section 8. No Right to Continued Employment. This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ of the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company), and the Company (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company) may at any time dismiss the Grantee from employment, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan or this Agreement.

Section 9. Governing Provisions. This Agreement is made under and subject to the provisions of the Plan, and all of the provisions of the Plan are also provisions of this Agreement. If there is a difference or conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. By signing this Agreement, the Grantee confirms that he or she has received a copy of (or an electronic link to) the Plan.

Section 10. Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the compensation to be paid to the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement is intended to qualify as a short-term deferral pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Regulations or to otherwise be exempt from the scope of deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code as restricted property governed by Section 83 of the Code, and this Agreement shall be interpreted consistently therewith. However, to the extent the payment of any compensation hereunder in connection with the Grantees termination of employment does not qualify for an exception from treatment as deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, then (a) such amount shall not be payable unless the Grantees termination of employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Regulations and (b) if the Grantee is a specified employee at such time for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent delayed payment of any portion of the Performance Units or shares of the Companys Common Stock to which the Grantee is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of the Performance Units or shares of the Companys Common Stock shall not be paid to Grantee prior to the earlier of (x) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Grantees separation from service with the Company or (y) the date of the Grantees death. Upon the earlier of such dates, settlement of all Performance Units shall occur as otherwise provided in this Agreement. In the event compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement is otherwise determined to constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered consistently with the terms thereof.

5

Section 11. Miscellaneous.

11.1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Grantee concerning the Performance Units and the shares of the Companys Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to this Agreement, and supersede any prior or contemporaneous negotiations and understandings. The Company and the Grantee have made no promises, agreements, conditions or understandings relating to the Performance Units or the shares of the Companys Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to this Agreement, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Agreement or the Plan.

11.2. Captions. The captions and section numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the provisions of this Agreement.

11.3. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures; Deemed Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when signed by the Company and the Grantee will be deemed an original and all of which together will be deemed the same Agreement. Grantee and the Company each acknowledge and agree that signatures delivered via electronic mail in PDF format and electronic signatures shall be valid and binding and may be used in lieu of original (i.e., wet ink) signatures for all purposes under this Agreement. Moreover, this Agreement may be accepted by means of electronic acceptance through any equity-based award electronic portal utilized by the Company to manage equity-based awards under the Plan.

11.4. Compliance With Laws and Regulations. The award of Performance Units (and, if issued in settlement of Performance Units, shares of the Companys Common Stock) evidenced hereby shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may be required.

11.5. Notice. Any notice or communication having to do with this Agreement must be given by personal delivery or by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to the Company, to the principal office of the Company, and, if to the Grantee, to the Grantee's last known address provided by the Grantee to the Company.

11.6. Recoupment. The Performance Units granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Companys Compensation Recovery Policy adopted on October 17, 2023 (as such policy may be amended from time to time, the Recoupment Policy), which permits the Company to recoup all or a portion of incentive-based compensation made or granted to certain employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries upon the occurrence of certain events described therein, and the Performance Units granted pursuant to this Agreement may become subject to any clawback policy that may be adopted by the Company in the future, including without limitation any such policy or amended version of the Recoupment Policy required to comply with the final rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or Nasdaq listing standards with respect to recoupment adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Recoupment Policy, together with any such other policies, each a Policy and collectively, the Policies). In the event that the Performance Units (and any shares of Common Stock, property or cash) granted or issued to the Grantee pursuant to this Agreement are or become subject to recoupment pursuant to a Policy, the Company may utilize any method of recovery specified in any such Policy in connection with any award recoupments required or permitted under any such Policy. By acceptance of the grant of the Performance Units granted under this Agreement, the Grantee agrees that any performance-based vesting equity awards granted to the Grantee pursuant to any agreement previously entered into by the Grantee and the Company, including any performance units awarded to the Grantee prior to the date hereof, shall be subject to recoupment under the Recoupment Policy and pursuant to any Policy that the Companys board of directors adopts following the date hereof.

11.7. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the Company, provided that unless the Grantee consents in writing, the Company cannot amend this Agreement if the amendment will materially change or impair the Grantee's rights under this Agreement and such change is not to the Grantee's benefit.

6

11.8. Successors and Assignment. Each and all of the provisions of this Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Grantee and their heirs, successors, and assigns. However, the Performance Units may not be assigned or transferred except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or the Plan.

11.9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to agreements to be performed in the State of Tennessee.

[Signature page to follow.]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this Agreement to be effective as of January 23, 2025.

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.:

By:_____________________________________

Name: 

Title: 

GRANTEE:

By:_______________________________

Name: 

8

EXHIBIT A

Performance Measures

Section I. Company Peer Relative Performance Goals

The Performance Units granted under the Agreement may be earned by the Grantee based on the Companys Relative ROATCE (as defined below) and Relative TBV Accretion (as defined below) performance over the Performance Period, which shall be weighted equally (such Performance Units, the Relative ROATCE Performance Units and the Relative TBV Accretion Performance Units, respectively). 

(a) Relative ROATCE (1/2 weighting):

The Grantee may earn Relative ROATCE Performance Units based on the Companys Return on Average Tangible Common Equity (ROATCE) relative to the ROATCE for the peer financial institutions identified on Annex 1 attached hereto (hereinafter referred to as the Peer Group Companies) which calculation shall be computed by taking the average of the Companys ROATCE for each year in the Performance Period and comparing that to the average ROATCE for each of the Peer Group Companies for each year in the Performance Period (Relative ROATCE), using the method known as the Continuous Percentile Rank Calculation which interpolates the Companys rank in relation to the Peer Group Companies that perform just above and below the Company (as further detailed below). 

For purposes of this Exhibit A, Return on Average Tangible Common Equity means, for each of the Company and the Peer Group Companies, the quotient, expressed as a percentage rounded to two decimal points, of (I) such companys net income for the applicable year in the Performance Period divided by (II) such companys average tangible common equity for the applicable year in the Performance Period, in each case as reflected in, or calculated utilizing (i) the financial data contained in, such companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (if such company is required to file such Annual or Quarterly Reports) for the applicable year in the Performance Period, or such other financial report as such company shall prepare if not required to file an Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For the Company and each of the Peer Group Companies, Return on Average Tangible Common Equity for a year is based on the fiscal year ending December 31 or (ii) such other financial data and calculation methodology as the Compensation Committee shall reasonably determine applied consistently among the Company and the Peer Group Companies. 

The Compensation Committee may, in its good faith discretion, adjust the ROATCE for any year in the Performance Period with respect to the Company or any Peer Group Company to eliminate the effects of the following: (a) gains or losses on the sale (or contemplation of a sale) of a business or a business segment, (b) gains or losses on the extinguishment or restructuring of indebtedness, including Federal Home Loan Bank advances, or the sale of investment securities, (c) asset or investment impairment charges (other than those related to such companys loan portfolio in the ordinary course of business), (d) restructuring charges, including charges or expenses associated with transactions involving the unwinding of previously entered into interest rate swaps, caps, hedges or other balance sheet derivative transactions, (e) changes in law (including federal and state tax laws) or accounting principles, (f) losses or other expenses associated with other real estate owned (g) costs or expenses associated with any merger or acquisition affecting such company or any of its subsidiaries (or any entities in which it owns equity securities), (h) significant, unusual and/or nonrecurring events, including but not limited to, those arising from the acquisition or disposition of assets (other than loans) and (i) events, including those resulting from macro-economic conditions that impact such companys financial condition or results of operations in a significant manner, either not directly related to the operations of such company or not within the reasonable control of the companys management, in each case if applicable. Moreover, and without limiting the foregoing, Return on Average Tangible Common Equity may be adjusted by the Committee to exclude the effects of any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Companys Common Stock as described in Section 4.2 of the Plan.

(b) Relative TBV Per Share Accretion (1/2 weighting):

The Grantee may earn Relative TBV Accretion Performance Units based on the Companys Tangible Book Value Per Common Share Accretion (TBV Accretion) relative to the TBV Accretion for the Peer Group Companies which calculation shall be computed by taking the Companys TBV Accretion for the Performance 

A-1

Period and comparing that to the TBV Accretion for each of the Peer Group Companies for each year in the Performance Period (Relative TBV Accretion), using the Continuous Percentile Rank Calculation methodology. 

For purposes of this Exhibit A, TBV Accretion means, for each of the Company and the Peer Group Companies, the quotient, which may be positive or negative, expressed as a percentage, rounded to two decimal places, resulting from dividing (x) the difference between (A) the Companys or the Peer Group Companies, as applicable, tangible book value per common share as of December 31, 2027 and (B) the Companys or the Peer Group Companies, as applicable, tangible book value per common share as of December 31, 2024 by (y) the Companys or the Peer Group Companies, as applicable, tangible book value per share as of December 31, 2024 (such calculation, the TBV/SH Accretion Amount). The TBV/SH Accretion Amount for the Company and each of the Peer Group Companies, as applicable, shall, in each case, be calculated utilizing (i) financial data contained in such companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (if such company is required to file such Annual or Quarterly Reports) for the years in the Performance Period, or such other financial report as such company shall prepare if not required to file an Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or (ii) such other financial data and calculation methodology as the Compensation Committee shall reasonably determine applied consistently among the Company and the Peer Group Companies. 

The Compensation Committee may, in its good faith discretion, adjust the TBV Accretion with respect to the Company or any Peer Group Company to eliminate the effects of the following: (a) gains or losses on the sale (or contemplation of a sale) of a business or a business segment, (b) gains or losses on the extinguishment or restructuring of indebtedness, including Federal Home Loan Bank advances, or the sale of investment securities, (c) asset or investment impairment charges (other than those related to such companys loan portfolio in the ordinary course of business), (d) restructuring charges, including charges or expenses associated with transactions involving the unwinding of previously entered into interest rate swaps, caps, hedges or other balance sheet derivative transactions, (e) changes in law (including federal and state tax laws) or accounting principles, (f) losses or other expenses associated with other real estate owned (g) costs or expenses associated with any merger or acquisition affecting such company or any of its subsidiaries (or any entities in which it owns equity securities), (h) significant, unusual and/or nonrecurring events, including but not limited to, those arising from the acquisition or disposition of assets (other than loans) and (i) events, including those resulting from macro-economic conditions that impact such companys financial condition or results of operations in a significant manner, either not directly related to the operations of such company or not within the reasonable control of the companys management, in each case if applicable. Moreover, and without limiting the foregoing, TBV Accretion may be adjusted by the Committee to exclude the effects of any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Companys Common Stock as described in Section 4.2 of the Plan.

Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion will be determined by ranking the Companys and each Peer Group Companys average ROATCE and TBV Accretion performance, respectively, from highest to lowest for the Performance Period. After this ranking, the percentile performance of the Peer Group Companies performing just above and just below the Company will be determined as follows:

Ppeer = 1 - R - 1

N - 1

Where: 

Ppeer represents the percentile performance of the Peer Group Company which will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding.

R represents the Peer Group Companys ranking among the members of the Peer Group Companies, excluding the Company.

N represents the number of Peer Group Companies, excluding the Company.

A-2

Then, the Companys interpolated percentile performance between the percentile performances of such Peer Group Companies will be determined for each of Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion as follows:

PCompany = 

Pa + 

(Pb - Pa) x 

(Xa XCompany)

(Xa - Xb)

Where:

Pa represents the percentile performance of the Peer Group Company just above the Company.

Xa represents the ROATCE or TBV Accretion, as applicable for the Peer Group Company just above the Company.

Pb represents the percentile performance of the Peer Group Company just below the Company.

Xb represents the ROATCE or TBV Accretion, as applicable for the Peer Group Company just below the Company.

XCompany represents the ROATCE or TBV Accretion, as applicable for the Company.

PCompany represents the percentile performance of the Company which will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding.

Number of PSUs Earned

The total number of Performance Units earned by the Grantee, before application of any adjustment related to the TSR Modifier, shall equal the sum of the Relative ROATCE Performance Units earned and the Relative TBV Accretion Performance Units earned for the Performance Period (with linear interpolation for earning between levels) pursuant to the following table:

Percentile Performance Goal Achieved(1) 

Percent of Target Award Earned

(payout percentage)(2)

At or below the 25th percentile: 0%

At 26th percentile (Threshold): 1%

At 50th percentile: 50%

At 75th percentile (Target): 100%

At 95th percentile (Maximum): 200%

(1) Percentile performance shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding.

(2) Percent of Target Award Earned shall be determined for the target amount of Relative ROATCE Performance Units (1/2 weighting) and the Relative TBV Accretion Performance Units (1/2 weighting).

The percentage of Relative ROATCE Performance Units and Relative TBV Accretion Performance Units that become earned for the Performance Period shall be interpolated between payout levels for performance between each performance level set forth above. 

Section II. TSR Modifier

The Performance Units earned pursuant to the above shall be subsequently increased or decreased by up to 20% (the TSR Modifier) based on the Companys Total Shareholder Return (TSR) relative to the TSR (Relative TSR) of the companies included in the KBW Regional Banking Index on January 23, 2025 (all such companies as of such date, excluding the Company, is the KRX Index) as measured over the period commencing on January 23, 2025 and ending on January 24, 2028 (such period, the TSR Measurement Performance Period). TSR shall be calculated as follows:

TSR = (Ending Stock Price Beginning Stock Price) + Reinvested Dividends

Beginning Stock Price

A-3

Where:

Ending Stock Price is the average daily closing price per share of common stock calculated for the last twenty (20) trading days within the TSR Measurement Performance Period.

Beginning Stock Price is the average daily closing price per share of common stock calculated for the twenty (20) trading-day period immediately preceding the commencement date of the TSR Measurement Performance Period.

Reinvested Dividends shall be calculated by assuming same-day reinvestment of each cash dividend declared on a single share of common stock during the Performance Period at the closing price per share on the ex-dividend date of such dividend. 

Each of the foregoing amounts shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and other similar events affecting the shares in question without the issuers receipt of consideration.

Relative TSR and the Companys Relative TSR percentile performance will be determined by using the same methodology and formulas set forth above for calculating Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion.

In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or delisting of a member of the KRX Index, such company shall remain a member of the KRX Index and shall be assigned a TSR of -100%. In the event of a merger, acquisition, or business combination transaction of a member of the KRX Index by or with an entity that is not another member of KRX Index or a going private transaction involving a member of the KRX Index where such company is not the surviving entity or is otherwise no longer publicly traded, the company shall no longer be a member of the KRX Index for purposes of calculating Relative TSR.

Adjustment to PSUs Earned

The Performance Units earned by the Grantee pursuant to Section I above shall be increased or decreased by the TSR Modifier based on the Companys Relative TSR percentile performance for the TSR Measurement Performance Period (with linear interpolation for earning between levels) pursuant to the following table:

Relative TSR Performance(1) TSR Modifier Adjustment

At or above the 75th percentile +20%

50th percentile 0%

At or below the 25th percentile -20%

(1) Percentile performance shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding. 

For example, if the Grantee earned 1,500 Performance Units (1,000 ROATCE Performance Units and 500 Relative TBV Accretion Performance Units), and the Companys Relative TSR performance was at the 75th percentile, then the total Performance Units earned would be increased by 20% to 1,800 Performance Units. 

After giving effect to any adjustment related to the TSR Modifier under this Section II to the Performance Units earned by the Grantee pursuant to Section I above, the number of Performance Units earned shall, to the extent necessary, be rounded to the nearest whole unit in order to avoid the issuance of a fractional unit.

***

For the avoidance of doubt, this Award need not be administered consistent with the qualified performance-based compensation rules of Section 162(m) of the Code, as in effect prior to January 1, 2018.

A-4

Annex 1

Peer Group Companies

Comerica, Inc.

Zions Bancorp. NA

First Horizon Corp.

Synovous Financial Corp.

Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc.

Wintrust Financial Corp.

BOK Financial Corp.

Cadence Bank

Valley National Bancorp

UMB Financial Corp.

SouthState Corp.

F.N.B. Corp.

Prosperity Bancshares Inc.

Commerce Bancshares, Inc.

Hancock Whitney Corp.

BankUnited Inc.

Associated Banc-Corp

United Bankshares Inc.

Bank OZK

Fulton Financial Corp.

Simmons First National Corp.

The Peer Group Companies may be changed as follows:

(i) In the event of a merger, acquisition, or business combination transaction of a Peer Group Company with or by another Peer Group Company, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Group Company.

(ii) In the event of a merger of a Peer Group Company with an entity that is not a Peer Group Company, or the acquisition or business combination transaction by or with a Peer Group Company, or with an entity that is not a Peer Group Company, in each case where the Peer Group Company is the surviving entity and remains publicly traded, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Group Company.

(iii) In the event of a merger, acquisition, or business combination transaction of a Peer Group Company by or with an entity that is not a Peer Group Company or a going private transaction involving a Peer Group Company where the Peer Group Company is not the surviving entity or is otherwise no longer publicly traded, the company shall remain a Peer Group Company and the lowest rank shall be assigned such Peer Group Company.

(iv) In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or delisting of a Peer Group Company, such company shall remain a Peer Group Company and the lowest rank shall be assigned such Peer Group Company.

(v) The Compensation Committee shall have the authority to make other appropriate adjustments in response to a change in circumstances that results in a Peer Group Company no longer satisfying the criteria for which such company was originally selected, including lowering such Peer Group Companys rank for purposes of determining Relative ROATCE and Relative TBV Accretion.

Annex - 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pnfp-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pnfp-20250123_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pnfp-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Noncumulative Preferred Stock [Member] 
Noncumulative Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Common Class A [Member] 
Common Class A [Member] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pnfp-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

Entity Address, Address Line One 150 Third Avenue South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 900

Entity Address, City or Town Nashville

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37201

City Area Code (615)

Local Phone Number 744-3700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Tax Identification Number 62-1812853

Entity File Number 000-31225

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TN

Entity Registrant Name PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001115055

Amendment Flag false

Common Class A [Member] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock par value $1.00

Trading Symbol PNFP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock par value $1.00

Trading Symbol PNFP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Noncumulative Preferred Stock [Member] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 6.75% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B)

Trading Symbol PNFPP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 6.75% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B)

Trading Symbol PNFPP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_NoncumulativePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.pnfp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

pnfp-20250123.htm 
pnfp-20250123.xsd 
pnfp-20250123_def.xml 
pnfp-20250123_lab.xml 
pnfp-20250123_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001115055-25-000021-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>pnfp-20250123_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001115055 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0001115055 

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0001115055 

us-gaap:NoncumulativePreferredStockMember 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0001115055 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. 
TN 
000-31225 
62-1812853 
150 Third Avenue South 
Suite 900 
Nashville 
TN 
37201 
(615) 
744-3700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock par value $1.00 
PNFP 
NASDAQ 
Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 6.75% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B) 
PNFPP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>