<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-015056.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-015056.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219123309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-015056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001171040
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000036644
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Credit card

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First National Master Note Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-140273-01
		FILM NUMBER:		25638301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1620 DODGE STREET STOP CODE 3395
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68197
		BUSINESS PHONE:		402-341-0500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1620 DODGE STREET STOP CODE 3395
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68197

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001171040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50139
		FILM NUMBER:		25638302

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1620 DODGE STREET
		CITY:			OHAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254760d6_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

February 19,
2025

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

FIRST
NATIONAL FUNDING LLC

FIRST
NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA

(Exact
name of Issuing Entity, Depositor/Registrant and Sponsor, as specified in their respective

charters)

Nebraska

(State
of Incorporation)

333-1396730-01,
333-1396730 02-0598125
(First National Funding LLC) 

(Commission
File Number for Registrant (IRS
Employer Identification No.)

and
Issuing Entity, respectively) 

1620
Dodge Street Stop Code 3201, Omaha, Nebraska 68197 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(402)
341-0500 

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
applicable 

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into Material Definitive Agreements.

On February 19, 2025, First National Master
Note Trust (the Issuer) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee),
entered into the Series 2025-1 Indenture Supplement (the Series 2025-1 Indenture Supplement), a copy of which
is filed with this Form 8-K as Exhibit 4.1.

On February 19, 2025, First National Bank
of Omaha, First National Funding LLC and the Issuer entered into a Risk Retention Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Form 8-K
as Exhibit 4.2.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

Issuance of Series 2025-1 Asset Backed
Notes

Reference is made to the registration statement
(the Registration Statement) on Form SF-3 (File No. 333- 265964) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on June 17, 2022 (as amended by pre-effective Amendment No. 1 filed on August 5, 2022, post-effective Amendment No. 1
filed on February 23, 2023 and post-effective Amendment No. 2 filed on March 16, 2023) and declared effective on March 22,
2023. On February 19, 2025, First National Master Note Trust publicly issued $400,000,000 of Class A Series 2025-1 Asset
Backed Notes (the Class A Notes) described in a Prospectus dated February 11, 2025.

On February 19, 2025 First National Master
Note Trust also issued $53,847,000 of Class B Series 2025-1 Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes) and $58,975,000
of Class C Series 2025-1 Asset Backed Notes (the Class C Notes) to First National Bank of Omaha, a national
banking association (FNBO) and an affiliate of First National Master Note Trust. The Class B Notes and Class C
Notes were offered and sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), in reliance on
the exemption set forth in Section 4(2) of the Act.

Use of Proceeds Class A Notes

The public offering of the Class A Notes was
made under the Registration Statement and was terminated on February 19, 2025 upon the sale of all of the Class A Notes. The
underwriters of the Class A Notes were Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.

During the period from the effective date of the
Registration Statement, through the current reporting period, the amount of expenses incurred in connection with the issuance and distribution
of the publicly offered and sold Class A Notes with respect to underwriting commissions and discounts was $1,400,000. After deducting
the underwriting discounts described in the preceding sentence, the net offering proceeds to the Issuer before expenses for the Class A
Notes are $398,543,280. Other expenses, including legal fees and other costs and expenses relating the offer of the Class A Notes,
are reasonably estimated to be $545,000 and net proceeds from the sale of the Class A Notes to the Issuer, after deduction of expenses,
are reasonably estimated to be $397,998,280. With respect to the payment of these other expenses and costs, all direct or indirect payments
were made to persons other than persons who are (a) directors or officers of the Issuer, or (b) owners of 10 percent or more
of any class of securities of the Issuer.

The net proceeds from the sale of the Class A
Notes, after deducting the underwriting commissions and discounts, and expenses above, were used to purchase credit card receivables from
FNBO. Except as provided in the previous sentence, none of the proceeds were used for payments to (a) any directors or officers of
the Issuer or (b) owners of 10 percent or more of any class of securities of the Issuer.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Not applicable.

(b) Not applicable.

(c) Not applicable.

(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT NO. DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION

4.1 Series 2025-1 Indenture
Supplement, dated as of February 19, 2025, between First National Master Note Trust and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as indenture trustee.

4.2 Risk Retention Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2025, by and among First National Bank of Omaha,
First National Funding LLC and First National Master Note Trust.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 19,
2025 

FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC, as Depositor

By: First National Funding Corporation, Managing Member

By /s/ Anthony R. Cerasoli

Anthony R. Cerasoli, President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254760d6_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 4.1

SERIES 2025-1 INDENTURE SUPPLEMENT

Dated as of February 19, 2025

To

second
AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER INDENTURE

Dated as of September 23, 2016

first
national MASTER NOTE TRUST,

Issuer,

and

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders

FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

CREATION OF THE SERIES 2025-1 NOTES 1

ARTICLE II

DEFINITIONS 1

ARTICLE III

NOTEHOLDER SERVICING FEE

Section 3.01. Servicing Compensation 16

ARTICLE IV

RIGHTS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND
ALLOCATION AND APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS

Section 4.01. Collections and Allocations 17

Section 4.02. Determination of Monthly Interest 19

Section 4.03. Determination of Monthly Principal 20

Section 4.04. Application of Available Finance Charge Collections and Available Principal Collections 21

Section 4.05. Investor Charge-Offs 23

Section 4.06. Reallocated Principal Collections 24

Section 4.07. Excess Finance Charge Collections 24

Section 4.08. Excess Principal Collections 24

Section 4.09. Certain Series Accounts 25

Section 4.10. Reserve Account 26

Section 4.11. Spread Account 28

Section 4.12. Investment Instructions 29

Section 4.13. Accumulation Period 30

Section 4.14. Suspension of Accumulation Period 31

Section 4.15. [RESERVED.] 32

Section 4.16. Interchange 32

Section 4.17. Foreign Accounts 33

Section 4.18. [RESERVED.] 33

Section 4.19. Asset Representations Review Triggers 33

Section 4.20. Appointment of Asset Representations Reviewer 37

Section 4.21. Dispute Resolution 37

Section 4.22. Investor Communication 43

ARTICLE V

DELIVERY OF NOTES; DISTRIBUTIONS; REPORTS TO NOTEHOLDERS

Section 5.01. Delivery and Payment for the Series 2025-1 Notes 43

Section 5.02. Distributions 43

Section 5.03. Reports and Statements to Series 2025-1 Noteholders 44

Section 5.04. Annual Servicers Certificate 45

Section 5.05. Annual Independent Accountants Servicing Report 46

ARTICLE VI

SERIES 2025-1 PAY OUT EVENTS 47

ARTICLE VII

REDEMPTION; FINAL DISTRIBUTIONS; SERIES TERMINATION

Section 7.01. Optional Redemption of Series 2025-1 Notes; Final
Distributions 48

Section 7.02. Series Termination 50

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 8.01. Ratification of Indenture; Amendments 50

Section 8.02. Amendments to Asset Representations Review Agreement 50

Section 8.03. Form of Delivery of the Notes 50

Section 8.04. Counterparts 50

Section 8.05. Governing Law 50

Section 8.06. Limitation of Liability 51

Section 8.07. Rights of Indenture Trustee 51

Section 8.08. Additional Requirements for Registration of and Limitations on Transfer and Exchange of Notes 51

Section 8.09. Notices to Rating Agencies and Indenture Trustee 52

EXHIBIT A-1 FORM OF CLASS A ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES
2025-1

EXHIBIT A-2 FORM OF CLASS B ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

EXHIBIT A-3 FORM OF CLASS C ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF MONTHLY
PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS AND NOTIFICATION TO INDENTURE TRUSTEE

EXHIBIT C FORM OF MONTHLY REPORT TO NOTEHOLDERS

EXHIBIT D FORM OF MONTHLY SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT E FORM OF INVESTOR CERTIFICATION

ii

SERIES
2025-1 INDENTURE SUPPLEMENT

This
SERIES 2025-1 INDENTURE SUPPLEMENT, dated as of February 19, 2025 (this Indenture Supplement), between
FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein, Issuer
or the Trust), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as indenture trustee,
not in its individual capacity, but solely as indenture trustee (herein, together with its successors in the trusts thereunder as provided
in the Indenture referred to below, Indenture Trustee) under the Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture, dated as
of September 23, 2016 (as amended, the Indenture), between Issuer and Indenture Trustee.

Pursuant to Section 2.11
of the Indenture, Transferor may direct Issuer to issue one or more Series of Notes. The Principal Terms of this Series are
set forth in this Indenture Supplement to the Indenture.

ARTICLE I

Creation
of the Series 2025-1 Notes

There is hereby created and
designated a Series of Notes to be issued pursuant to the Indenture and this Indenture Supplement to be known as First National
Master Note Trust, Series 2025-1 or the Series 2025-1 Notes. The Series 2025-1 Notes shall be issued
in three Classes, known as the Class A Asset Backed Notes, Series 2025-1, the Class B Asset Backed
Notes, Series 2025-1, and the Class C Asset Backed Notes, Series 2025-1; provided, however, with
respect to Section 2.11(b)(vi) of the Indenture and the Tax Opinion specified therein, clause (d) of the defined term
Tax Opinion shall not be a condition precedent to the issuance of the Class B Asset Backed Notes, Series 2025-1
or the Class C Asset Backed Notes, Series 2025-1. The Series 2025-1 Notes are secured by the Collateral
up to the Collateral Amount and any portion of the Collateral that may be available to the Series 2025-1 Notes under the Indenture
and this Indenture Supplement.

Series 2025-1 shall
be included in Group One and shall be a Principal Sharing Series. Series 2025-1 shall be an Excess Allocation Series with respect
to Group One only. Series 2025-1 shall not be subordinated to any other Series. Series 2025-1 shall not be a Paired Series.

ARTICLE II

Definitions

Whenever used in this Indenture
Supplement, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings, and the definitions of such terms are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and the masculine as well as the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

60+-Day
Delinquency Rate means, with respect to any Monthly Period, the delinquency rate calculated as the ratio (expressed
as a percentage) of the aggregate dollar amount of the 60+-Day Delinquent Receivables to the aggregate dollar amount of all Receivables,
measured as of the end of such Monthly Period.

60+-Day Delinquent
Receivables means, as of any date of determination, all Receivables (other than repurchased Receivables and Receivables arising
in Defaulted Accounts) that are 60 or more days Delinquent as of the last day of the Monthly Period immediately preceding such date of
determination, as determined by Servicer in accordance with its customary servicing practices.

AAA
means the American Arbitration Association.

Accumulation Period
means, unless a Pay Out Event shall have occurred prior thereto, the period commencing at the opening of business on the Controlled Accumulation
Date and ending on the first to occur of (a) the commencement of the Rapid Amortization Period and (b) the Series Termination
Date.

Accumulation Period
Length is defined in Section 4.13.

Accumulation Shortfall
means (a) for the first Distribution Date during the Accumulation Period, zero; and (b) thereafter, for any Distribution Date
during the Accumulation Period, the excess, if any, of the Controlled Deposit Amount for the previous Distribution Date over the amount
deposited into the Principal Accumulation Account pursuant to Section 4.04(c)(i) for the previous Distribution Date.

Allocation Percentage
means, with respect to any Monthly Period, the percentage equivalent of a fraction:

(a) the
numerator of which shall be equal to:

(i) for
Principal Collections during the Revolving Period, and for Finance Charge Collections during the Revolving Period and the Accumulation
Period, and for Default Amounts at any time, the Collateral Amount at the end of the last day of the Prior Monthly Period (or, in the
case of the Monthly Period in which the Closing Date occurs, on the Closing Date); or

(ii) for
Finance Charge Collections during the Rapid Amortization Period and for Principal Collections during the Rapid Amortization Period and
the Accumulation Period, the Collateral Amount at the end of the last day of the Revolving Period, or, with respect to Finance Charge
Collections, if later, at the end of the last day of the Accumulation Period;

provided, however, that prior to the
occurrence of a Pay Out Event Transferor may, by written notice to Indenture Trustee, Servicer and each Rating Agency, reduce the numerator
used for purposes of allocating Principal Collections and Finance Charge Collections to Series 2025-1 at any time if (x) the
Series Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such reduction and (y) Transferor shall have delivered
to Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that, based on the facts known to such officer at that time, in the
reasonable belief of Transferor, such designation will not cause a Pay Out Event or an event that, after the giving of notice or the
lapse of time, would cause a Pay Out Event to occur with respect to Series 2025-1; and provided, further, that Transferor may designate
that the numerator for Finance Charge Collections during the Rapid Amortization Period will be the Collateral Amount at the end of the
last day of the Prior Monthly Period by notice to Servicer and Indenture Trustee, if the Series Rating Agency Condition has been
met; and

2

(b) the
denominator of which shall be the greater of (x) the Aggregate Principal Balance determined as of the close of business on the last
day of the Prior Monthly Period and (y) the sum of the numerators used to calculate the allocation percentages for allocations with
respect to Finance Charge Collections, Principal Collections or Default Amounts, as applicable, for all outstanding Series on such
date of determination; provided, that if one or more Reset Dates occur in a Monthly Period, the denominator of the Allocation Percentage
for the portion of the Monthly Period falling on and after such Reset Date and prior to any subsequent Reset Date will be recalculated
for such period using amounts determined as of the close of business on the subject Reset Date.

Annual Servicer
Certificate is defined in Section 5.04(b).

Asset
Representations Review means any review conducted by the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to Section 4.19
of this Indenture Supplement and the Asset Representations Review Agreement with respect to the Subject Receivables and the related Accounts
for compliance with the Pool Asset Representations in order to determine, with respect to each Subject Receivable and the related Account,
whether the Pool Asset Representations were accurate in all material respects.

Asset Representations
Review Agreement means that certain Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016 among RPA
Seller, Transferor, Servicer, Issuer and the Asset Representations Reviewer, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, modified
or supplemented from time to time.

Asset Representations
Reviewer means FTI Consulting, Inc., a Maryland corporation and its successors and any entity resulting from or surviving any
consolidation or merger to which it or its successors may be a party, and any successor asset representations reviewer appointed as provided
in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Asset Review Quorum
means the Noteholders evidencing at least five percent (5%) of the Outstanding Amount of all Series of Notes Outstanding.

Available Finance
Charge Collections means, for any Monthly Period, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Investor Finance Charge Collections
for such Monthly Period, plus (b) the Excess Finance Charge Collections allocated to Series 2025-1 for such Monthly Period,
plus (c) Principal Accumulation Investment Earnings, if any, with respect to the related Transfer Date, plus (d) amounts on
deposit in the Reserve Account and Spread Account deposited into the Finance Charge Account on the related Transfer Date to be treated
as Available Finance Charge Collections pursuant to Sections 4.10(b) or (d) and 4.11(g).

Available Principal
Collections means, for any Monthly Period, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Investor Principal Collections for such
Monthly Period, minus (b) the amount of Reallocated Principal Collections with respect to such Monthly Period which pursuant to
Section 4.06 are required to be applied on the related Distribution Date, plus (c) any Excess Principal Collections allocated
to Series 2025-1 for such Monthly Period, plus (d) the aggregate amount to be treated as Available Principal Collections pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(v) and (vi) for the related Distribution Date.

3

Available Reserve
Account Amount means, for any Transfer Date, the lesser of (a) the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account (including
Investment Earnings to the extent retained in the Reserve Account pursuant to Section 4.10(b) on such date or any prior Transfer
Date, and before giving effect to any deposit to or withdrawal from the Reserve Account made or to be made on such date) and (b) the
Required Reserve Account Amount for such Transfer Date.

Available Spread
Account Amount means, for any Transfer Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the amount on deposit in the Spread
Account (exclusive of Investment Earnings on such date and before giving effect to any deposit to, or withdrawal from, the Spread Account
made or to be made with respect to such date) and (b) the Required Spread Account Amount, in each case on such Transfer Date.

Base Rate
means, for any Monthly Period, the annualized percentage equivalent of a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is equal to the sum
of (i) the Monthly Interest and (ii) the Noteholder Servicing Fee (calculated by assuming that Interchange allocated to Series 2025-1
equals or exceeds Servicer Interchange for such Monthly Period), each with respect to the related Distribution Date, and (b) the
denominator of which is the Collateral Amount plus amounts on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account as of the first day of such
Monthly Period.

Class A Default
Interest is defined in Section 4.02(a).

Class A Interest
Shortfall is defined in Section 4.02(a).

Class A Monthly
Interest Payment is defined in Section 4.02(a).

Class A Note
Initial Principal Balance means $400,000,000.

Class A Note
Interest Rate means a per annum rate of 4.85%.

Class A Note
Principal Balance means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the Class A Note Initial Principal
Balance, minus (b) the aggregate amount of principal payments made to Class A Noteholders on or prior to such date.

Class A Noteholder
means the Person in whose name a Class A Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class A Notes
means any one of the Notes executed by Issuer and authenticated by or on behalf of Indenture Trustee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1.

Class A Required
Amount means, for any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the excess of the amounts described in Section 4.04(a)(i) over
the Available Finance Charge Collections applied to pay such amount pursuant to Section 4.04(a).

4

Class B Default
Interest is defined in Section 4.02(b).

Class B Interest
Shortfall is defined in Section 4.02(b).

Class B Monthly
Interest Payment is defined in Section 4.02(b).

Class B Note
Initial Principal Balance means $53,847,000.

Class B Note
Interest Rate means a per annum rate equal to 0.00%.

Class B Note
Principal Balance means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the Class B Note Initial Principal
Balance, minus (b) the aggregate amount of principal payments made to Class B Noteholders on or prior to such date.

Class B
Note Purchase Agreement means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Indenture
Trustee, the Transferor, the Servicer and the Class B Noteholder (or Class B Noteholders) pursuant to which the Class B
Noteholder (or Class B Noteholders) agreed to purchase the Class B Notes, as such agreement may be amended, amended and restated,
or otherwise modified.

Class B Noteholder
means any Person in whose name a Class B Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class B Notes
means any one of the Notes executed by Issuer and authenticated by or on behalf of Indenture Trustee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2.

Class B Required
Amount means, for any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the excess of the amount described in Section 4.04(a)(ii) over
the Available Finance Charge Collections applied to pay such amount pursuant to Section 4.04(a).

Class C Default
Interest is defined in Section 4.02(c).

Class C Interest
Shortfall is defined in Section 4.02(c).

Class C Monthly
Interest Payment is defined in Section 4.02(c).

Class C Note
Initial Principal Balance means $58,975,000.

Class C Note
Interest Rate means a per annum rate equal to 0.00%.

Class C Note
Principal Balance means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the Class C Note Initial Principal
Balance, minus (b) the aggregate amount of principal payments made to Class C Noteholders on or prior to such date.

Class C
Note Purchase Agreement means that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Indenture
Trustee, the Transferor, the Servicer and the Class C Noteholder (or Class C Noteholders) pursuant to which the Class C
Noteholder (or Class C Noteholders) agreed to purchase the Class C Notes, as such agreement may be amended, amended and restated,
or otherwise modified.

5

Class C Noteholder
means any Person in whose name a Class C Note is registered in the Note Register.

Class C Notes
means any one of the Notes executed by Issuer and authenticated by or on behalf of Indenture Trustee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3.

Closing Date
means February 19, 2025.

Collateral Amount
means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the result of (a) the Initial Collateral Amount, minus (b) the amount
of principal previously paid to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders (other than any principal payments made from funds on deposit in the
Spread Account), minus (c) the balance on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account, minus (d) the excess, if any, of the
aggregate amount of Investor Charge-Offs and Reallocated Principal Collections over the reimbursements of such amounts pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(vi) prior
to such date.

Controlled Accumulation
Amount means, (a) for any Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period an amount equal to one-twelfth of the
Collateral Amount at the end of the Revolving Period; provided, however, that if the Accumulation Period Length is determined to be less
than twelve (12) months pursuant to Section 4.13 or 4.14, the Controlled Accumulation Amount shall be equal to (i) the Initial
Collateral Amount divided by (ii) the Accumulation Period Length; provided, further, that the Controlled Accumulation Amount for
any Transfer Date shall not exceed the Note Principal Balance minus any amount already on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account
on such Transfer Date.

Controlled Accumulation
Date means February 1, 2027, or such later date as is determined in accordance with Sections 4.13 and 4.14.

Controlled Deposit
Amount means, for any Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Controlled
Accumulation Amount for such Transfer Date and any existing Accumulation Shortfall.

Corporate
Trust Office means, with respect to the Indenture Trustee, the principal office at which the Indenture shall be administered,
which office at the date of execution of this Indenture Supplement is located at (i) for note transfer purposes, U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, 60 Livingston Avenue, Mail Code: EP-MN-WS3D, St. Paul, Minnesota, 55107, Attn: Bondholder Services and
(ii) for all other purposes, 190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603.

Covered Amount
means an amount, determined as of each Transfer Date for any Interest Period, equal to the sum of (a) the product of (i) a
fraction the numerator of which is the actual number of days in such Interest Period and the denominator of which is 360, times
(ii) the Class A Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to such Interest Period, times (iii) the aggregate amount
on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account up to the Class A Note Principal Balance as of the Record Date preceding such Transfer
Date, plus (b) the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times
(ii) the Class B Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to such Interest Period, times (iii) the aggregate
amount on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account in excess of the Class A Principal Balance as of the Record Date preceding
such Transfer Date up to the Class B Principal Balance as of the Record Date preceding such Transfer Date, plus (c) the
product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (ii) the Class C
Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to such Interest Period, times (iii) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Principal
Accumulation Account in excess of the sum of the Class A Principal Balance and the Class B Principal Balance as of the Record
Date preceding such Transfer Date.

6

Default Amount
means, with respect to any Transfer Date, the aggregate amount of Principal Receivables (other than Ineligible Receivables) in Accounts
which became Defaulted Accounts during the Related Monthly Period.

Default Interest
means, for any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the sum of Class A Default Interest, Class B Default Interest and Class C
Default Interest for such Distribution Date.

Delinquency Trigger
means each occurrence, as determined by Servicer, where the Three-Month Average 60+-Day Delinquency Rate equals or exceeds the then current
Delinquency Trigger Rate.

Delinquency
Trigger Rate means, initially, 9.00%, which percentage will be reviewed and may be adjusted from time to time by Transferor
pursuant to Section 4.19(b) of this Indenture Supplement.

Dilution
means any downward adjustment made by Servicer in the amount of any Receivable (a) because of a rebate, refund, unauthorized charge,
fraudulent or counterfeit charge or billing error to an Obligor, (b) because such Receivable was created in respect of merchandise
which was refused or returned by an Obligor or (c) for any other reason other than receiving Collections therefor or charging off
such amount as uncollectible.

Distribution Account
is defined in Section 4.09(a).

Distribution Date
means April 15, 2025, and the 15th day of each calendar month thereafter, or if such 15th day is not a Business
Day, the next succeeding Business Day.

Excess Servicing
Fee means, for each Distribution Date following a Servicer Default and the appointment of a Successor Servicer, an amount
equal to one-twelfth of the product of the Collateral Amount as of the last day of the preceding Monthly Period and the excess of the
market rate servicing fee percentage determined by Indenture Trustee over the Series Servicing Fee Percentage plus, if the Indenture
Trustee is the Successor Servicer, an amount equal to the amount of the reduction to the applicable Noteholder Servicing Fee pursuant
to the second proviso in Section 3.01 which is attributable to the fact that Interchange included in Finance Charge Collections
for the Related Monthly Period and allocated to Series 2025-1 is less than Servicer Interchange for such Monthly Period. Indenture
Trustee may determine the market rate servicing fee percentage by soliciting three or more written bids from qualified successor servicers
and averaging the rates offered in the bids.

Expected Principal
Payment Date means February 15, 2028.

Finance Charge
Account is defined in Section 4.09(a).

7

Finance Charge
Collections means Collections of Finance Charge Receivables.

Finance Charge
Shortfall means, for any Distribution Date and the related Transfer Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the
full amount required to be deposited or distributed, without duplication, pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(i) through (viii) on
such dates over (b) amounts available for such deposits and distributions from the Available Finance Charge Collections for the
Related Monthly Period (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Excess Finance Charge Collections) and the Spread Account.

Foreign
Account means an Account, which as of July 31, 1995 (or, with respect to Additional Accounts, as of the relevant
Addition Date) was an Eligible Account, but subsequent to such date the Obligor of which has provided, as its most recent billing address,
an address which is not located in the United States or its territories or possessions.

Group One
means Series 2025-1 and each other Series specified in the related Indenture Supplement to be included in Group One.

Initial Collateral
Amount means $512,822,000.

Interest Period
means, for any Distribution Date, the period from and including the Distribution Date immediately preceding such Distribution Date (or,
in the case of the first Distribution Date, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding such Distribution Date.

Investment Earnings
means, for any Transfer Date (and the related Distribution Date), all interest and earnings on Permitted Investments included in the
applicable Series Account (net of losses and investment expenses) during the period commencing on and including the Transfer Date
immediately preceding such Transfer Date and ending on but excluding such Transfer Date.

Investor Charge-Offs
is defined in Section 4.05.

Investor Default
Amount means, with respect to any Monthly Period, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Default Amount for such Monthly
Period and (b) the Allocation Percentage for Default Amounts for such Monthly Period.

Investor Finance
Charge Collections means, with respect to any Date of Processing, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Allocation
Percentage for such Date of Processing and (b) Finance Charge Collections received on such date and, with respect to any Monthly
Period, the aggregate of such sums for each Date of Processing in such Monthly Period.

Investor Principal
Collections means, with respect to any Date of Processing, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Allocation Percentage
for such Date of Processing and (b) Principal Collections received on such Date of Processing and, with respect to any Monthly Period,
the aggregate of such sums for each Date of Processing in such Monthly Period.

Monthly Interest
means, for any Distribution Date, the sum of the Class A Monthly Interest Payment, the Class B Monthly Interest Payment, and
the Class C Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution Date.

8

Monthly Period
means the period from and including the first day of the calendar month preceding a related Distribution Date to and including the last
day of such calendar month; provided that the Monthly Period related to the April 15, 2025 Distribution Date means the period from
and including the Closing Date to and including March 31, 2025.

Monthly Principal
is defined in Section 4.03.

Monthly Principal
Reallocation Amount means, for any Monthly Period, an amount equal to the sum of:

(a) the
lower of (i) the Class A Required Amount and (ii) the greater of (A)(x) the product of (I) 22.00% and (II) the
Initial Collateral Amount minus (y) the amount of unreimbursed Investor Charge-Offs (after giving effect to Investor Charge-Offs
for the Related Monthly Period) and unreimbursed Reallocated Principal Collections (as of the previous Distribution Date) and (B) zero;
and

(b) the
lower of (i) the sum of the Class B Required Amount and the Servicing Fee Required Amount and (ii) the greater of (A)(x) the
product of (I) 11.50% and (II) the Initial Collateral Amount minus (y) the amount of unreimbursed Investor Charge-Offs
(after giving effect to Investor Charge-Offs for the Related Monthly Period) and unreimbursed Reallocated Principal Collections (as of
the previous Distribution Date and as determined pursuant to clause (a) above) and (B) zero.

Net Yield
means, with respect to any Monthly Period, Portfolio Yield with respect to such Monthly Period minus the Base Rate with respect to such
Monthly Period.

Note Principal
Balance means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the Class A Note Principal Balance, the Class B
Note Principal Balance and the Class C Note Principal Balance or, with respect to a particular Class, the Class A Note Principal
Balance, the Class B Note Principal Balance or the Class C Note Principal Balance.

Noteholder Servicing
Fee is defined in Section 3.01.

Permitted Investments
is defined in Annex A to the Indenture.

Pool Asset Representations
means, collectively, (i) the representations and warranties made by the Transferor relating to the Receivables under Section 2.04(a)(viii) and
(ix) of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and (ii) the representations and warranties made by the RPA Seller relating to
the Receivables under Section 4.02(a)(vii) and (viii) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Portfolio Yield
means, for any Monthly Period, the annualized percentage equivalent of a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is equal to (i) the
Available Finance Charge Collections (excluding any Excess Finance Charge Collections and any amounts withdrawn from the Spread Account,
except that Excess Finance Charge Collections from other Series applied for the benefit of Series 2025-1 Notes may be included
if the Rating Agency Condition is met), minus (ii) the Investor Default Amount and the Uncovered Dilution Amount for such Monthly
Period and (b) the denominator of which is the Collateral Amount plus amounts on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account as
of the first day of such Monthly Period.

9

Principal
Account is defined in Section 4.09(a).

Principal Accumulation
Account is defined in Section 4.09(a).

Principal Accumulation
Account Balance means, for any date of determination, the principal amount, if any, on deposit in the Principal Accumulation
Account on such date of determination.

Principal Accumulation
Investment Earnings means, with respect to each Transfer Date, the Investment Earnings, if any, on funds in the Principal
Accumulation Account.

Principal Collections
means Collections of Principal Receivables.

Principal Shortfall
means (a) for any Distribution Date (and related Transfer Date), with respect to the Revolving Period, zero, (b) for any Distribution
Date (and related Transfer Date), with respect to the Accumulation Period, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Controlled Deposit
Amount with respect to such date over the amount of Available Principal Collections for the Related Monthly Period (excluding any portion
thereof attributable to Excess Principal Collections) and (c) for any Distribution Date (and related Transfer Date), with respect
to the Rapid Amortization Period, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Collateral Amount with respect to such Transfer Date
over the amount of Available Principal Collections for the Related Monthly Period (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Excess
Principal Collections).

Prior
Monthly Period means the period from and including the first day of the second calendar month immediately preceding
a related Distribution Date to and including the last day of such calendar month. As an illustration, if the related Distribution Date
is August 15, 2025, the Monthly Period is July, 2025 and the Prior Monthly Period is June, 2025.

QIB
means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

Qualified Dispute
Resolution Professional means an attorney or retired judge that is independent, impartial, knowledgeable and experienced with
the laws of the State of New York, specializing in commercial litigation with at least 15 years of experience and whose name is on a
list of neutral parties maintained by the AAA.

Qualified Maturity
Agreement means an agreement in which a Qualified Maturity Agreement Institution agrees to make a deposit into the Principal
Accumulation Account on or before the Expected Principal Payment Date in an amount equal to the initial Note Principal Balance (reduced
by any amount on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account. Each Qualified Maturity Agreement must satisfy the Series Rating
Agency Condition.

10

Qualified Maturity
Agreement Institution means a counterparty having short-term debt ratings of no less than P-1/A-1+ by Moodys
and Standard & Poors, respectively, or long-term unsecured ratings of no less than Aa3 by Moodys
and AA by Standard & Poors, or otherwise satisfies the Series Rating Agency Condition.

Quarterly Net Yield
means, for any Distribution Date, the average of the Net Yields for each of the three preceding Monthly Periods, and, for purposes of
the April 2025 and May 2025 Distribution Dates, the Net Yields for January of 2025 and February of 2025 shall be
deemed to be 12.14% and 13.10%, respectively.

Rapid Amortization
Period means the period commencing on the date on which a Trust Pay Out Event or a Series 2025-1 Pay Out Event is deemed
to occur and ending on the Series Termination Date.

Rating Agency
means, with respect to each outstanding Class of the Series 2025-1 Notes and as of any date of determination, the rating agency
or agencies, if any, selected by the Sponsor to rate such outstanding Class of the Series 2025-1 Notes.

Rating Agency Condition
means, with respect to any action subject to such condition,

(a) when
used in reference to all other Series of Notes, the notifications specified in the definition of Rating Agency Condition
in the indenture supplement with respect to such Series; and

(b) when
used with reference to the Class A Notes, (i) that each Rating Agency shall have notified Issuer and Transferor in writing
that the proposed action will not result in a reduction or withdrawal of its rating on the Class A Notes or (ii) if at such
time a Rating Agency has informed Issuer and Transferor that such Rating Agency does not provide such notifications for transactions
of this type, then as to such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, Issuer shall deliver written notice of the proposed action to such
Rating Agency or Rating Agencies at least 10 Business Days prior to the effective date of such action, or if 10 Business Days prior notice
is impractical, such advance notice as is practicable; and

(c) when
used in reference to the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, the Class B Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders
shall have consented in writing to such action; and

(d) when
used in reference to the Series 2025-1 Notes, (i) with respect to the Class A Notes, (A) that each Rating Agency
shall have notified Issuer and Transferor in writing that the proposed action will not result in a reduction or withdrawal of its rating
with respect to the Class A Notes or (B) if at such time a Rating Agency has informed Issuer and Transferor that such Rating
Agency does not provide such notifications for transactions of this type, then as to such Rating Agency, Issuer shall deliver written
notice of the proposed action to such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies at least 10 Business Days prior to the effective date of such
action, or if 10 Business Days prior notice is impractical, such advance notice as is practical and (ii) with respect to the Class B
Notes and the Class C Notes, the Class B Noteholders and Class C Noteholders have consented in writing to such action.

11

Neither the Class B Notes nor
the Class C Notes will be rated on the Closing Date.

Reallocated Principal
Collections means, for any Transfer Date, Investor Principal Collections applied in accordance with Section 4.06
in an amount not to exceed the Monthly Principal Reallocation Amount for the Related Monthly Period.

Reassignment Amount
means, for any Transfer Date, after giving effect to any deposits and distributions otherwise to be made on the related Distribution
Date, the sum of (i) the Note Principal Balance on the related Distribution Date, plus (ii) Monthly Interest for the related
Distribution Date and any Monthly Interest previously due but not distributed to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders, plus (iii) the
amount of Default Interest, if any, for the related Distribution Date and any Default Interest previously due but not distributed to
the Series 2025-1 Noteholders on a prior Distribution Date.

Representing Party
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.21(a)(i) or Section 4.21(a)(ii) of this Indenture Supplement,
as the context requires.

Repurchase Request
means either a TSA Repurchase Request or an RPA Repurchase Request pursuant to Section 4.21(a)(i) or (ii) of this Indenture
Supplement, as the context requires.

Requesting Party
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.21(a)(i) or Section 4.21(a)(ii) of this Indenture Supplement,
as the context requires.

Required Reserve
Account Amount means, for any Transfer Date on or after the Reserve Account Funding Date, an amount equal to (a) 0.50%
of the Note Principal Balance or (b) any other amount designated by Transferor; provided, however, that if such designation is of
a lesser amount, Transferor shall (i) provide Servicer and Indenture Trustee with evidence that the Rating Agency Condition shall
have been satisfied and (ii) deliver to Indenture Trustee a certificate of an Authorized Officer to the effect that, based on the
facts known to such officer at such time, in the reasonable belief of Transferor, such designation will not cause a Pay Out Event or
an event that, after the giving of notice or the lapse of time, would cause a Pay Out Event to occur with respect to Series 2025-1.

Required Retained
Transferor Percentage means, for purposes of Series 2025-1, 4.00%.

Required Spread
Account Amount means, for any date of determination, (a) prior to the occurrence of a Pay Out Event, the product of (i) the
Spread Account Percentage in effect on such date and (ii) the Initial Collateral Amount; provided that the Required Spread Account
Amount shall not exceed the Class C Note Principal Balance minus the excess, if any, of the Principal Accumulation Account Balance
over the sum of the Class A Note Principal Balance and the Class B Note Principal Balance on such date of determination and
(b) after the occurrence of a Pay Out Event, an amount equal to the Class C Note Principal Balance on such date of determination.

Reserve Account
is defined in Section 4.09(a).

12

Reserve Account
Funding Date means the Transfer Date designated by Servicer which occurs not later than the earliest of (a) the Transfer
Date with respect to the Monthly Period which commences three months prior to the commencement of the Accumulation Period (which commencement
shall be subject to postponement pursuant to Section 4.14); (b) the first Transfer Date for which the Quarterly Net Yield is
less than 2.00%, but in such event the Reserve Account Funding Date shall not be required to occur earlier than the Transfer Date with
respect to the Monthly Period which commences twelve months prior to the commencement of the Accumulation Period; (c) the first
Transfer Date for which the Quarterly Net Yield is less than 3.00%, but in such event the Reserve Account Funding Date shall not be required
to occur earlier than the Transfer Date with respect to the Monthly Period which commences six months prior to the commencement of the
Accumulation Period; and (d) the first Transfer Date for which the Quarterly Net Yield is less than 4.00%, but in such event the
Reserve Account Funding Date shall not be required to occur earlier than the Transfer Date with respect to the Monthly Period which commences
four months prior to the commencement of the Accumulation Period; provided, however, that subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency
Condition, the Reserve Account Funding Date may be any date selected by Servicer; provided, further, that if a Qualified Maturity Agreement
has been assigned to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.14, the Reserve Account Funding Date shall
be the Distribution Date immediately following the date on which a Qualified Maturity Agreement is terminated if (w) such Qualified
Maturity Agreement is terminated because the provider of such Qualified Maturity Agreement ceases to qualify as a Qualified Maturity
Agreement Institution, (x) such Qualified Maturity Agreement is terminated prior to the earlier of the Expected Principal Payment
Date and the commencement of the Rapid Amortization Period, (y) such Qualified Maturity Agreement is terminated after the later
of the last day of the January, 2027 Monthly Period and, at the election of Transferor, the date to which the commencement of the Accumulation
Period may be postponed pursuant to Section 4.13 (as determined on the date of such termination) and (z) Transferor does not
obtain a substitute Qualified Maturity Agreement.

Reserve Account
Surplus means, as of any Transfer Date following the Reserve Account Funding Date, the amount, if any, by which the amount
on deposit in the Reserve Account exceeds the Required Reserve Account Amount.

Reserve Draw Amount
means, with respect to each Transfer Date relating to the Accumulation Period or the first Transfer Date relating to the Rapid Amortization
Period, the amount, if any, by which the Principal Accumulation Investment Earnings for such Transfer Date are less than the Covered
Amount determined as of such Transfer Date.

Reset Date
means:

(a) each
Addition Date, in each case relating to Additional Accounts;

(b) each
Removal Date on which Principal Receivables are removed from the Trust;

(c) each
date on which there is an increase in the outstanding balance of any Variable Interest; and

(d) each
date on which a new Series or Class of Notes is issued.

Review Notice
means any written notice delivered by Indenture Trustee to Transferor, Servicer and all of the Noteholders of Outstanding Notes pursuant
to Section 4.19(d)(iv) of this Indenture Supplement to the effect that the requisite percentage of Noteholders casting a vote
have directed that an Asset Representations Review be undertaken and specifying the Review Satisfaction Date relating to such direction.

13

Review Satisfaction
Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.19(d)(iv) of this Indenture Supplement.

Revolving Period
means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the earlier of the
day the Accumulation Period commences or the day the Rapid Amortization Period commences.

RPA Repurchase
Request has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.21(a)(ii) of this Indenture Supplement.

Rules
means the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures in effect on the date any third-party mediation or third-party arbitration,
as applicable, is initiated by the Requesting Party pursuant to Section 4.21(b) of this Indenture Supplement.

Series 2025-1
means the Series of Notes the terms of which are specified in this Indenture Supplement.

Series 2025-1
Final Maturity Date means the February 15, 2030 Distribution Date.

Series 2025-1
Note means a Class A Note, a Class B Note or a Class C Note.

Series 2025-1
Note Owner means, with respect to any Series 2025-1 Note which is a Book-Entry Note, the Person who is the owner
of such Book-Entry Note as reflected on the books of Clearing Agency, or on the Person maintaining an account with such Clearing Agency
(directly as a Clearing Agency Participant or as an Indirect Participant, in accordance with the rules of such Clearing Agency).

Series 2025-1
Noteholder means a Class A Noteholder, a Class B Noteholder or a Class C Noteholder.

Series 2025-1
Pay Out Event is defined in the last paragraph of Article VI.

Series Allocation
Percentage means, with respect to any Monthly Period, the percentage equivalent of a fraction, the numerator of which is the
numerator used in determining the Allocation Percentage for Finance Charge Collections for that Monthly Period and the denominator of
which is the sum of the numerators used in determining the Allocation Percentage for Finance Charge Receivables for all outstanding Series for
such Monthly Period; provided that if one or more Reset Dates occur in a Monthly Period, the Series Allocation Percentage will be
the percentage equivalent of a fraction, the numerator of which is an amount equal to the sum of the numerators used in determining the
Allocation Percentage for Finance Charge Collections for Series 2025-1 for each day during that Monthly Period divided by the total
number of days in such Monthly Period and the denominator of which is an amount equal to the sum of the numerators used in determining
the Allocation Percentages for Finance Charge Receivables for all outstanding Series for each day during such Monthly Period divided
by the total number of days in such Monthly Period.

14

Series Rating
Agency Condition means, (i) when used in reference to the Class A Notes and any action subject to such condition,
(a) that each Rating Agency shall have notified Issuer in writing that such action will not result in any reduction or withdrawal
of the rating, if any, of outstanding class of the Series 2025-1 Notes which such Rating Agency has rated at Sponsors request
or (b) if at such time a Rating Agency has informed Issuer and Transferor that such Rating Agency does not provide such notifications
for transactions of this type, then as to such Rating Agency, Issuer shall deliver written notice of the proposed action to such
Rating Agency or Rating Agencies at least 10 Business Days prior to the effective date of such action, or if 10 Business Days prior notice
is impractical, such advance notice as is practicable; and

(ii) when used in reference
to the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes and any action subject to such condition, the written consent of the Class B
Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders to such action.

Neither the Class B
Notes nor the Class C Notes will be rated on the Closing Date.

Series Servicing
Fee Percentage means 2% per annum.

Series Termination
Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the date on which the Note Principal Balance is paid in full and (b) the
Series 2025-1 Final Maturity Date.

Servicer Interchange
means, with respect to any Monthly Period, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the product of (a) 1.50% and (b) the Collateral
Amount as of the last day of the preceding Monthly Period; provided, however, that Servicer Interchange for the April 15, 2025 Distribution
Date shall be $876,071.

Servicing Fee Required
Amount means, for any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the excess of the amount described in Section 4.04(a)(iii) over the
Available Finance Charge Collections applied to pay such amount pursuant to Section 4.04(a).

Spread Account
is defined in Section 4.09(a).

Spread Account
Deficiency means the excess, if any, of the Required Spread Account Amount over the Available Spread Account Amount.

Spread Account
Percentage means, for any Distribution Date, the applicable percentage specified in the Class C Note Purchase Agreement.

Subject Receivables
means, with respect to an Asset Representations Review conducted by the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to Section 4.19
of this Indenture Supplement and the Asset Representations Review Agreement, the 60+-Day Delinquent Receivables arising in the Accounts
specified on an account schedule prepared by Servicer and delivered to Asset Representations Reviewer for the purposes of an Asset Representations
Review. For the avoidance of doubt, on the date that the conditions for an Asset Representations Review have been satisfied, any Receivable
that is repurchased or reassigned to Transferor pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or the RPA Seller pursuant to the Receivables
Purchase Agreement, as applicable, on and after such date will not be a Subject Receivable.

15

Three-Month Average
60+-Day Delinquency Rate means, as of any date of determination, (a) the sum of the 60+-Day Delinquency Rates for three
Monthly Periods immediately preceding such date of determination, divided by (b) three (3).

TSA Repurchase
Request has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.21(a)(i) of this Indenture Supplement.

Uncovered Dilution
Amount means, for any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Series Allocation Percentage
for the Related Monthly Period times (b) the aggregate Dilutions occurring during that Monthly Period as to which any deposit is
required to be made to the Excess Funding Account pursuant to Section 3.09 of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement but has not been
made (either directly by the Transferor or from Principal Collections otherwise distributable to the Transferor).

United
States Arbitration Act means the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et. seq. (2012).

Verified Note Owner
means a Series 2025-1 Note Owner that has provided Indenture Trustee with (i) a written certification that it is the beneficial
owner of a specified Outstanding Amount of Series 2025-1 Notes and (ii) a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter
from a broker dealer acceptable to Indenture Trustee or other similar document acceptable to Indenture Trustee showing that such Series 2025-1
Note Owner is a beneficial owner of such Outstanding Amount of Series 2025-1 Notes.

Each capitalized term defined
herein shall relate to the Series 2025-1 Notes and no other Series of Notes issued by Issuer, unless the context otherwise
requires. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in Annex A to the
Indenture.

The interpretive rules specified
in Section 1.02 of the Indenture also apply to this Indenture Supplement. If any term or provision contained herein shall conflict
with or be inconsistent with any term or provision contained in the Indenture, the terms and provisions of this Indenture Supplement
shall be controlling.

ARTICLE III

Noteholder
Servicing Fee

Section 3.01.
Servicing Compensation. The share of the Servicing Fee allocable to Series 2025-1 for any Transfer Date (the Noteholder
Servicing Fee) shall be equal to one-twelfth of the product of (a) the Series Servicing Fee Percentage and (b) the
Collateral Amount as of the last day of the Monthly Period preceding such Transfer Date; provided, however, that with respect to the
first Transfer Date, the Noteholder Servicing Fee shall be equal to $1,168,095; provided, further, that if FNBO or Indenture Trustee
is Servicer, the Noteholder Servicing Fee shall be reduced by the amount, if any, by which the Servicer Interchange for such Monthly
Period exceeds the amount of Interchange included as Finance Charge Collections allocable to the Series 2025-1 Notes with respect
to such Monthly Period pursuant to Section 4.16 of this Indenture Supplement. The remainder of the Servicing Fee shall be paid by
the Holders of the Transferor Interest or the Noteholders of other Series (as provided in the related Indenture Supplements) and
in no event shall Issuer, Indenture Trustee or the Series 2025-1 Noteholders be liable for the share of the Servicing Fee to
be paid by the Holders of the Transferor Interest or the Noteholders of any other Series.

16

ARTICLE IV

Rights
of Noteholders and Allocation

and Application of Collections

Section 4.01.
Collections and Allocations.

(a) Finance
Charge Collections, Principal Collections and Receivables in Defaulted Accounts shall be allocated and distributed to Series 2025-1
as set forth in this Article.

(b) On
each Date of Processing, Servicer shall allocate to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders the following amounts as set forth below:

(i) Allocations
of Finance Charge Collections. An amount equal to the Investor Finance Charge Collections processed on such Date of Processing shall
be allocated to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders and, first, deposited to the Finance Charge Account to the extent required by Section 8.04
of the Indenture and Section 4.01(c) below, and, second, paid to the Holder of the Transferor Interest.

(ii) Allocations
of Principal Collections.

(A) Allocations
During the Revolving Period.

(1) During
the Revolving Period an amount equal to the Investor Principal Collections processed on each Date of Processing, shall be allocated to
the Series 2025-1 Noteholders and, first, if any other Principal Sharing Series is outstanding and in its accumulation period
or amortization period, deposited to and retained in the Principal Account to the extent necessary for application as Excess Principal
Collections for other Principal Sharing Series on the related Distribution Date, second, deposited to the Excess Funding Account
to the extent necessary so that (x) the Transferor Interest is not less than the Minimum Transferor Interest and (y) the aggregate
Principal Receivables in the Trust equals or exceeds the Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables and, third, paid to the holder or holders
of the Transferor Interest.

17

(2) With
respect to each Monthly Period falling in the Revolving Period, to the extent that Investor Principal Collections allocated to the Series 2025-1
Noteholders pursuant to this Section 4.01(b)(ii) are paid to Transferor, Transferor shall make an amount equal to the Reallocated
Principal Collections for the related Transfer Date available on that Transfer Date for application in accordance with Section 4.06.

(B) Allocations
During the Accumulation Period. During the Accumulation Period an amount equal to the Investor Principal Collections processed on
each Date of Processing shall be allocated to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders and deposited into the Principal Account in accordance
with Section 8.04 of the Indenture and Section 4.01(c).

(C) Allocations
During the Rapid Amortization Period. During the Rapid Amortization Period, an amount equal to the Investor Principal Collections
processed on each Date of Processing shall be allocated to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders and deposited into the Principal Account
until applied as provided herein; provided, however, that after the date on which an amount of such Principal Collections equal to the
Note Principal Balance has been deposited into the Principal Account, any Investor Principal Collections in excess of such amount shall
be, first, if any other Principal Sharing Series is outstanding and in its accumulation period or amortization period, deposited
to and retained in the Principal Account for application, to the extent necessary, as Excess Principal Collections to other Principal
Sharing Series on the related Distribution Date, second, deposited in the Excess Funding Account to the extent necessary so that
(x) the Transferor Interest is not less than the Minimum Transferor Interest and (y) the aggregate Principal Receivables in
the Trust equals or exceeds the Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables and, third, paid to the holder or holders of the Transferor Interest.

(c) During
any period when Servicer is permitted by Section 8.04 of the Indenture to make a single monthly deposit to the Collection Account,
amounts allocated to the Noteholders pursuant to Sections 4.01(a) and (b) with respect to any Monthly Period need not
be deposited into the Collection Account or any Series Account prior to the related Transfer Date, and, when so deposited, (x) may
be deposited net of any amounts required to be distributed to Transferor and, if FNBO is Servicer, Servicer, and (y) shall be deposited
into the Finance Charge Account (in the case of Finance Charge Collections) and the Principal Account (in the case of Collections of
Principal Receivables (not including any Excess Principal Collections allocated to Series 2025-1 pursuant to Section 8.05 of
the Indenture)). The exception to the daily deposit requirements provided by the second paragraph of Section 8.04(a) of the
Indenture shall not be available during any Monthly Period during the Rapid Amortization Period, or at any time that (A) the Transferor
Interest is less than the Minimum Transferor Interest, (B) the Available Spread Account Amount is less than the Required Spread
Account Amount or (C) the aggregate Principal Receivables in the Trust is less than the Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables.
For purposes of the second paragraph of Section 8.04(a) of the Indenture, the amount of Principal Collections required to be
deposited or distributed on or prior to the related Distribution Date during the Accumulation Period shall include an amount equal to
the Controlled Deposit Amount.

18

Notwithstanding
the provisions of the second paragraph of Section 8.04(a) of the Indenture, all Finance Charge Collections for each Monthly
Period shall be deposited daily to the Finance Charge Account and retained therein until the delivery of the statement required by Section 5.03(b).
On or after delivery of such statement, Finance Charge Collections for the Related Monthly Period which are not required to be deposited
or distributed pursuant to such statement may be withdrawn by Servicer.

(d) On
any date, Servicer may withdraw from the Collection Account or any Series Account any amounts inadvertently deposited in such account
that should have not been so deposited.

Section 4.02.
Determination of Monthly Interest.

(a) The
amount of monthly interest (Class A Monthly Interest Payment) distributable from the Distribution Account with respect
to the Class A Notes on any Distribution Date shall be an amount equal to the product of (i) (A) a fraction, the numerator
of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (B) the Class A Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to the
related Interest Period and (ii) the Class A Note Principal Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the preceding
Monthly Period (or, with respect to the initial Distribution Date, the Class A Note Initial Principal Balance).

On the Determination
Date preceding each Distribution Date, Servicer shall determine the excess, if any (the Class A Interest Shortfall),
of (x) the aggregate amount accrued pursuant to this Section 4.02(a) as of the prior Distribution Date over (y) the
amount actually transferred from the Distribution Account for payment of such amount. If the Class A Interest Shortfall for any
Distribution Date is greater than zero, on each subsequent Distribution Date until such Class A Interest Shortfall is fully paid,
an additional amount (Class A Default Interest) equal to the product of (i) (A) a fraction, the numerator
of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (B) the Class A Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to the
related Interest Period and (ii) such Class A Interest Shortfall (or the portion thereof which has not been paid to the Class A
Noteholders) shall be payable as provided herein with respect to the Class A Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
Class A Default Interest shall be payable or distributed to the Class A Noteholders only to the extent permitted by applicable
law.

(b) The
amount of monthly interest (Class B Monthly Interest Payment) distributable from the Distribution Account with respect
to the Class B Notes on any Distribution Date shall be an amount equal to the product of (i) (A) a fraction, the numerator
of which 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (B) the Class B Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to the related
Interest Period and (ii) the Class B Note Principal Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the preceding Monthly
Period (or, with respect to the initial Distribution Date, the Class B Note Initial Principal Balance).

19

On the Determination
Date preceding each Distribution Date, Servicer shall determine the excess, if any (the Class B Interest Shortfall),
of (x) the aggregate amount accrued pursuant to this Section 4.02(b) as of the prior Distribution Date over (y) the
amount of funds actually transferred from the Distribution Account for payment of such amount. If the Class B Interest Shortfall
for any Distribution Date is greater than zero, on each subsequent Distribution Date until such Class B Interest Shortfall is fully
paid, an additional amount (Class B Default Interest) equal to the product of (i) (A) a fraction, the numerator
of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (B) the Class B Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to the
related Interest Period and (ii) such Class B Interest Shortfall (or the portion thereof which has not been paid to the Class B
Noteholders) shall be payable as provided herein with respect to the Class B Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
Class B Default Interest shall be payable or distributed to the Class B Noteholders only to the extent permitted by applicable
law.

(c) The
amount of monthly interest (Class C Monthly Interest Payment) distributable from the Distribution Account with respect
to the Class C Notes on any Distribution Date shall be an amount equal to the product of (i) (A) a fraction, the numerator
of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (B) the Class C Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to the
related Interest Period and (ii) the Class C Note Principal Balance as of the close of business on the last day of the preceding
Monthly Period (or, with respect to the initial Distribution Date, the Class C Note Initial Principal Balance).

On the Determination
Date preceding each Distribution Date, Servicer shall determine the excess, if any (the Class C Interest Shortfall),
of (x) the aggregate amount accrued pursuant to this Section 4.02(c) as of the prior Distribution Date over (y) the
amount of funds actually transferred from the Distribution Account for payment of such amount. If the Class C Interest Shortfall
for any Distribution Date is greater than zero, on each subsequent Distribution Date until such Class C Interest Shortfall is fully
paid, an additional amount (Class C Default Interest) equal to the product of (i) (A) a fraction, the numerator
of which is 30 and the denominator of which is 360, times (B) the Class C Note Interest Rate in effect with respect to the
related Interest Period and (ii) such Class C Interest Shortfall (or the portion thereof which has not been paid to the Class C
Noteholders) shall be payable as provided herein with respect to the Class C Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
Class C Default Interest shall be payable or distributed to the Class C Noteholders only to the extent permitted by applicable
law.

Section 4.03.
Determination of Monthly Principal. The amount of monthly principal to be transferred from the Principal Account to
the Principal Accumulation Account or the Distribution Account, as applicable, with respect to the Notes on each Transfer Date (the Monthly
Principal), beginning with the Transfer Date in the month following the month in which the Accumulation Period or, if earlier,
the Rapid Amortization Period, begins, shall be equal to the least of (i) the Available Principal Collections on deposit in the
Principal Account with respect to such Transfer Date, (ii) for each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period, the Controlled
Deposit Amount for such Transfer Date, (iii) the Collateral Amount (after taking into account any adjustments to be made on such
Distribution Date pursuant to Sections 4.05 and 4.06) prior to any deposit into the Principal Accumulation Account on such Transfer
Date, and (iv) the Note Principal Balance, minus any amount already on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account on such Transfer
Date.

20

Section 4.04.
Application of Available Finance Charge Collections and Available Principal Collections. On or before each Transfer
Date, Servicer shall instruct Indenture Trustee in writing (which writing shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B) to withdraw
or deposit and Indenture Trustee, acting in accordance with such instructions, shall withdraw or deposit on such Transfer Date or the
related Distribution Date, as applicable, to the extent of available funds, the amounts required to be withdrawn from the Finance Charge
Account, the Principal Account, the Principal Accumulation Account and the Distribution Account as follows:

(a) On
each Transfer Date, an amount equal to the Available Finance Charge Collections for the Related Monthly Period will be withdrawn from
the Finance Charge Account and distributed, deposited or paid by Indenture Trustee in the following priority:

(i) an
amount equal to Class A Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution Date, plus any Class A Interest Shortfall, plus the
amount of any Class A Default Interest for such Distribution Date, plus the amount of any Class A Default Interest previously
due but not distributed to Class A Noteholders on a prior Distribution Date shall be deposited into the Distribution Account for
distribution to the Class A Noteholders;

(ii) an
amount equal to Class B Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution Date, plus any Class B Interest Shortfall, plus the
amount of any Class B Default Interest for such Distribution Date, plus the amount of any Class B Default Interest previously
due but not distributed to Class B Noteholders on a prior Distribution Date shall be deposited into the Distribution Account for
distribution to the Class B Noteholders;

(iii) an
amount equal to the Noteholder Servicing Fee for such Transfer Date, plus the amount of any Noteholder Servicing Fee previously due but
not distributed to Servicer on a prior Transfer Date, shall be distributed to Servicer;

(iv) an
amount equal to Class C Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution Date, plus any Class C Interest Shortfall, plus the
amount of any Class C Default Interest for such Distribution Date, plus the amount of any Class C Default Interest previously
due but not distributed to the Class C Noteholders on a prior Distribution Date shall be deposited into the Distribution Account
for distribution to the Class C Noteholders;

(v) an
amount equal to the sum of the Investor Default Amount and any Uncovered Dilution Amount for such Distribution Date shall be treated
as a portion of Available Principal Collections for such Distribution Date and deposited into the Principal Account for application pursuant
to this Section 4.04;

(vi) an
amount equal to the sum of the aggregate amounts of Investor Charge-Offs and Reallocated Principal Collections which have not been previously
reimbursed pursuant to this clause (vi) of Section 4.04(a) shall be treated as a portion of Available Principal Collections
for such Distribution Date and deposited into the Principal Account for application pursuant to this Section 4.04;

21

(vii) on
each Transfer Date from and after the Reserve Account Funding Date, but prior to the date on which the Reserve Account terminates as
described in Section 4.10(f), an amount up to the excess, if any, of the Required Reserve Account Amount over the Available Reserve
Account Amount shall be deposited into the Reserve Account;

(viii) an
amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Required Spread Account Amount over the Available Spread Account Amount shall be deposited
into the Spread Account;

(ix) all
remaining amounts will constitute a portion of Excess Finance Charge Collections for such Distribution Date to be applied in accordance
with Section 4.07;

(x) any
other amount required to be paid or deposited under the terms of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement shall be so paid or deposited;

(xi) any
other amount required to be paid or deposited under the terms of the Class C Note Purchase Agreement shall be so paid or deposited;
and

(xii) any
remaining amount to be paid to Transferor.

(b) On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Revolving Period, the Available Principal Collections for the Related Monthly Period on deposit
in the Principal Account shall be withdrawn to be treated as Excess Principal Collections for such Distribution Date and applied in accordance
with Section 4.08 and Section 8.05 of the Indenture.

(c) On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period or the Rapid Amortization Period, an amount equal to the Available Principal
Collections for the Related Monthly Period shall be withdrawn from the Principal Account and distributed or deposited in the following
order of priority:

(i) on
each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period, an amount equal to the Monthly Principal for such Transfer Date shall be
deposited into the Principal Accumulation Account;

(ii) on
each Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, an amount equal to the Monthly Principal for such Transfer Date shall
be deposited into the Distribution Account for distribution ratably to the Class A Noteholders until the Class A Note Principal
Balance has been paid in full;

(iii) on
each Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, after giving effect to clause (ii) above, an amount equal
to the Monthly Principal remaining, if any, shall be deposited into the Distribution Account for distribution ratably to the Class B
Noteholders until the Class B Note Principal Balance has been paid in full;

22

(iv) on
each Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, after giving effect to clauses (ii) and (iii) above,
an amount equal to the Monthly Principal remaining, if any, shall be deposited into the Distribution Account for distribution ratably
to the Class C Noteholders until the Class C Note Principal Balance has been paid in full;

(v) on
each Transfer Date, an amount equal to any other amounts payable, first, to the Class B Noteholders under the Class B Note
Purchase Agreement and second, to the Class C Noteholders under the Class C Note Purchase Agreement; and

(vi) on
each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period or the Rapid Amortization Period, the balance of such Available Principal
Collections remaining after giving effect to clauses (i) through (v) above shall be retained in the Principal Account
to be treated as Excess Principal Collections and applied in accordance with Section 4.08.

(d) On
each Distribution Date, Indenture Trustee shall make distributions from the Distribution Account in accordance with Section 5.02
as follows: (i) to the Class A Noteholders, the amount deposited into the Distribution Account pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(i) and
(c)(ii); (ii) to the Class B Noteholders, the amount deposited into the Distribution Account pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(ii),
and (x) and (c)(iii); and (iii) to the Class C Noteholders, the amount deposited into the Distribution Account pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(iv), (xi) and (c)(iv).

(e) On
the earlier to occur of (i) the first Transfer Date during the Rapid Amortization Period and (ii) the Transfer Date immediately
preceding the Expected Principal Payment Date, Indenture Trustee shall withdraw from the Principal Accumulation Account and deposit
into the Distribution Account amounts necessary to pay, first, to the Class A Noteholders, until paid in full, second, to the Class B
Noteholders, until paid in full, and, third, to the Class C Noteholders, until paid in full, the amounts deposited into the Principal
Accumulation Account pursuant to Section 4.04(c)(i). In accordance with Section 5.02, on the related Distribution Date, Indenture
Trustee shall pay from the Distribution Account to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders and the Class C Noteholders,
as applicable, the amounts deposited into the Distribution Account for the account of such Noteholders pursuant to this Section 4.04(e).

Section 4.05.
Investor Charge-Offs. On each Determination Date, Servicer shall calculate the Investor Default Amount and any Uncovered
Dilution Amount for the related Distribution Date. If, on any Distribution Date, the sum of the Investor Default Amount and any Uncovered
Dilution Amount for such Distribution Date exceeds the amount of Available Finance Charge Collections allocated with respect thereto
pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(v) with respect to such Distribution Date, the Collateral Amount will be reduced (but not below
zero) by the amount of such excess (such reduction, an Investor Charge-Off).

23

Section 4.06.
Reallocated Principal Collections. On each Transfer Date, Servicer shall apply, or shall instruct Indenture Trustee
in writing to apply, Investor Principal Collections with respect to such Transfer Date, in an amount not to exceed the Monthly Principal
Reallocation Amount for the Related Monthly Period, to fund any deficiency in amounts otherwise available for deposit and distribution
pursuant to and in the priority set forth in Section 4.04(a)(i), (ii) and (iii), after giving effect to any application of
funds from the Spread Account pursuant to Section 4.11, any application of funds from the Reserve Account pursuant to Section 4.10
and after allocation and application of Excess Finance Charge Collections pursuant to Section 4.07 to cover such payments. On each
Transfer Date, the Collateral Amount shall be reduced by the amount of such Reallocated Principal Collections, if any, for such Transfer
Date.

Section 4.07.
Excess Finance Charge Collections.

(a) Excess
Finance Charge Collections from all Excess Allocation Series in Group One will be allocated to cover any Finance Charge Shortfall
or finance charge shortfalls for other Excess Allocation Series in Group One pursuant to Section 8.06 of the Indenture except
that, following a Servicer Default and the appointment of a Successor Servicer, Excess Finance Charge Collections remaining after their
application to cover Finance Charge Shortfalls and other finance charge shortfalls for Group One, shall be paid to the Successor
Servicer to pay any unpaid Excess Servicing Fees or other unpaid excess servicing fees for all Excess Allocation Series in Group
One prior to any distribution to the holder or holders of the Transferor Interest. If the remaining Excess Finance Charge Collections
do not exceed the aggregate amount of such unpaid fees, the remaining Excess Finance Charge Collections shall be allocated among the
Group One Excess Allocation Series pro rata based on the amount of unpaid excess servicing fees for each such Series. Excess Finance
Charge Collections with respect to Group One shall be allocated to Series 2025-1 in accordance with this Section 4.07, without
regard to whether the Rating Agency Condition has been met for purposes of the definition of Portfolio Yield. On each Transfer
Date, Indenture Trustee, at the written direction of the Servicer, shall deposit Excess Finance Charge Collections allocated to
Series 2025-1 to the Finance Charge Account prior to the applications to be made pursuant to Section 4.04.

(b) Any
Excess Finance Charge Collections relating to the Series 2025-1 Notes remaining after the application thereof as specified in Section 4.07(a) above,
if any, shall be applied, first, pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(x) and (xi) hereof and second, the remaining balance, if
any, shall be paid to Transferor pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(xii) hereof.

Section 4.08.
Excess Principal Collections. Excess Principal Collections from all Principal Sharing Series in Group One will
be allocated to cover any Principal Shortfall or principal shortfalls for other Principal Sharing Series in Group One pursuant to
Section 8.05 of the Indenture. If (i) any Principal Shortfall remains after such allocation, (ii) any Series in Group
One is in an Amortization Period and (iii) the amount on deposit in the Excess Funding Account is greater than zero, amounts on
deposit in the Excess Funding Account will be treated as Excess Principal Collections and allocated to cover any remaining Principal
Shortfall or principal shortfalls for other Principal Sharing Series in Group One pursuant to Section 8.03 of the Indenture.
Indenture Trustee, at the written direction of the Servicer, shall deposit Excess Principal Collections allocated to Series 2025-1
to the Principal Accumulation Account or the Distribution Account, as applicable.

24

Section 4.09.
Certain Series Accounts.

(a) The
Indenture Trustee or its Affiliate shall establish and maintain with a Qualified Institution, which may be Indenture Trustee, in the
name of the Trust, on behalf of the Trust, for the benefit of the Noteholders, six segregated trust accounts with such Qualified Institution
(the Finance Charge Account, the Principal Account, the Principal Accumulation Account, the
Distribution Account, the Spread Account and the Reserve Account) each bearing a designation
clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders. The Finance Charge
Account, the Principal Account, the Principal Accumulation Account, the Distribution Account, the Reserve Account and the Spread Account
are hereby designated as the Series Accounts for the Series 2025-1 Notes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.11, Indenture
Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time in each Series Account and in all
proceeds thereof. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.11, each Series Account shall be under the sole dominion and control
of Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders. If at any time the institution holding a Series Account
ceases to be a Qualified Institution, Transferor shall notify Indenture Trustee in writing, and Indenture Trustee upon being notified
(or Servicer on its behalf) shall, within ten (10) Business Days, establish a new Series Account meeting the conditions
specified above with a Qualified Institution, and shall transfer any cash or any investments to such new Series Account. Indenture
Trustee, at the written direction of Servicer, shall make withdrawals from and deposits to each Series Account from time to time,
in the amounts and for the purposes set forth in this Indenture Supplement. Indenture Trustee at all times shall maintain accurate records
reflecting each transaction in each Series Account, so long as such accounts are established and maintained with Indenture Trustee
or its Affiliate.

(b) Funds
on deposit in each Series Account from time to time shall be invested and reinvested at the written direction of Servicer by Indenture
Trustee in Permitted Investments that will mature so that such funds will be available for withdrawal on or prior to the following Transfer
Date. In the absence of such direction, such funds shall remain uninvested. The Indenture Trustee shall not be held liable for the performance
of any Permitted Investments made in accordance with the terms hereof.

On each Transfer
Date with respect to the Accumulation Period and on the first Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, Indenture
Trustee, acting at Servicers direction given on or before such Transfer Date, shall transfer from the Principal Accumulation Account
to the Finance Charge Account the Principal Accumulation Investment Earnings on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account for application
as Available Finance Charge Collections in accordance with Section 4.04(a).

Principal Accumulation
Investment Earnings (including reinvested interest) shall not be considered part of the amounts on deposit in the Principal Accumulation
Account for purposes of this Indenture Supplement.

25

On each Distribution
Date, all Investment Earnings on funds on deposit in the Principal Account, the Finance Charge Account and the Distribution Account shall
be deposited by Indenture Trustee in a separate deposit account with a Qualified Institution in the name of Servicer, or a Person designated
in writing by Servicer, which shall not constitute a part of the Trust, or shall otherwise be turned over by Indenture Trustee to Servicer.

(c) Indenture
Trustee shall hold such of the Permitted Investments of funds in any Series Account as consists of instruments, deposit accounts,
negotiable documents, money, goods, letters of credit, and advices of credit in the State of Minnesota. Indenture Trustee shall hold
such of the Permitted Investments as constitutes investment property through a securities intermediary, which securities intermediary
shall agree with Indenture Trustee that (a) such investment property shall at all times be credited to a securities account of Indenture
Trustee, (b) such securities intermediary shall treat Indenture Trustee as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial
asset credited to such securities account, (c) all property credited to such securities account shall be treated as a financial
asset, (d) such securities intermediary shall comply with entitlement orders originated by Indenture Trustee without the further
consent of any other person or entity, (e) such securities intermediary will not agree with any person or entity other than Indenture
Trustee to comply with entitlement orders originated by such other person or entity, (f) such securities accounts and the property
credited thereto shall not be subject to any lien, security interest or right of set-off in favor of such securities intermediary or
anyone claiming through it (other than Indenture Trustee), and (g) such agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
New York. Terms used in the preceding sentence that are defined in the New York UCC and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meaning set forth in the New York UCC. Except as permitted by this Section 4.09(c), Indenture Trustee shall not
hold Permitted Investments through an agent or nominee.

(d) No
Permitted Investment in any Series Account shall be disposed of prior to its maturity unless Servicer so directs and either (i) such
disposal will not result in a loss of all or part of the principal portion of such Permitted Investment or (ii) prior to the maturity
of such Permitted Investment, a default occurs in the payment of principal, interest or any other amount with respect to such Permitted
Investment.

Section 4.10.
Reserve Account.

(a) Indenture
Trustee, at the written direction of Servicer, shall (i) make withdrawals from the Reserve Account from time to time in an amount
up to the Available Reserve Account Amount at such time, for the purposes set forth in this Indenture Supplement, and (ii) on each
Transfer Date (from and after the Reserve Account Funding Date) prior to termination of the Reserve Account, make a deposit into the
Reserve Account in the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance with, Section 4.04(a)(vii).

(b) On
each Transfer Date, all Investment Earnings accrued since the preceding Transfer Date on funds on deposit in the Reserve Account shall
be retained in the Reserve Account (to the extent that the Available Reserve Account Amount is less than the Required Reserve Account
Amount) and the balance, if any, shall be deposited into the Finance Charge Account and included in Available Finance Charge Collections
for the Related Monthly Period. For purposes of determining the availability of funds or the balance in the Reserve Account for any reason
under this Indenture Supplement, Investment Earnings on such funds shall be deemed not to be available or on deposit, except amounts
retained pursuant to the preceding sentence.

26

(c) On
or before each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period and on or before the first Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid
Amortization Period, Servicer shall calculate the Reserve Draw Amount; provided, however, that such amount will be reduced to the extent
that funds otherwise would be available for deposit in the Reserve Account under Section 4.04(a)(vii) with respect to such
Transfer Date.

(d) If
for any Transfer Date the Reserve Draw Amount is greater than zero, the Reserve Draw Amount, up to the Available Reserve Account Amount,
shall be withdrawn from the Reserve Account on such Transfer Date by Indenture Trustee (acting in accordance with the written instructions
of Servicer) and deposited into the Finance Charge Account for application as Available Finance Charge Collections for the Related Monthly
Period.

(e) If
the Reserve Account Surplus on any Transfer Date, after giving effect to all deposits to and withdrawals from the Reserve Account with
respect to such Transfer Date, is greater than zero, Indenture Trustee, acting in accordance with the written instructions of Servicer,
shall withdraw from the Reserve Account an amount equal to such Reserve Account Surplus and (i) deposit such amounts in the Spread
Account, to the extent that funds on deposit in the Spread Account are less than the Required Spread Account Amount, and (ii) distribute
any such amounts remaining after application pursuant to Section 4.10(e)(i) to the Holder of the Transferor Interest.

(f) Upon
the earliest to occur of (i) the termination of the Trust pursuant to Article VIII of the Trust Agreement, (ii) the first
Transfer Date relating to the Rapid Amortization Period and (iii) the Transfer Date immediately preceding the Expected Principal
Payment Date, Indenture Trustee, acting in accordance with the written instructions of Servicer, after the prior payment of all
amounts owing to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders that are payable from the Reserve Account as provided herein, shall withdraw from
the Reserve Account all amounts, if any, on deposit in the Reserve Account and (A) deposit such amounts in the Spread Account, to
the extent that funds on deposit in the Spread Account are less than the Required Spread Account Amount, and (B) distribute any
such amounts remaining after application pursuant to Section 4.10(f)(A) to the Holder of the Transferor Interest. The Reserve
Account shall thereafter be deemed to have terminated for purposes of this Indenture Supplement. Funds on deposit in the Reserve Account
at any time that the Accumulation Period is suspended pursuant to Section 4.14 shall remain on deposit until applied in accordance
with Section 4.10(d), (e) or (f).

27

Section 4.11.
Spread Account.

(a) The
Indenture Trustee shall establish and maintain the Spread Account for the benefit of the Class C Noteholders and the Holder of the
Transferor Interest, with an account designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the
Class C Noteholders and the Holder of the Transferor Interest. The Spread Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of
Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class C Noteholders and the Holder of the Transferor Interest. Indenture Trustee, at the
written direction of Servicer, shall (i) make withdrawals from the Spread Account from time to time in an amount up to the Available
Spread Account Amount at such time, for the purposes set forth in this Indenture Supplement, and (ii) on each Transfer Date prior
to termination of the Spread Account, make a deposit into the Spread Account in the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance
with, Section 4.11(f). The Issuer will not make a deposit into the Spread Account on the Closing Date.

(b) On
each Transfer Date (but subject to Section 4.11(c), (d), (e) and (f)), the Investment Earnings, if any, accrued since the preceding
Transfer Date on funds on deposit in the Spread Account shall be paid to the Holder of the Transferor Interest by Indenture Trustee upon
written direction of Servicer. For purposes of determining the availability of funds or the balance in the Spread Account for any reason
under this Indenture Supplement (subject to Section 4.11(c), (d), (e) and (f)), all Investment Earnings shall be deemed not
to be available or on deposit; provided that after the maturity of the Series 2025-1 Notes has been accelerated as a result of an
Event of Default, all Investment Earnings shall be added to the balance on deposit in the Spread Account and treated like the rest of
the Available Spread Account Amount.

(c) If,
on any Transfer Date, the aggregate amount of Available Finance Charge Collections otherwise available for application pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(iv) is
less than the aggregate amount required to be deposited into the Distribution Account pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(iv), Indenture
Trustee, at the written direction of Servicer, shall (i) withdraw from the Spread Account the amount of such deficiency up to the
Available Spread Account Amount and, if the Available Spread Account Amount is less than such deficiency, the Indenture Trustee shall
also withdraw Investment Earnings credited to the Spread Account in an amount so that the total amount withdrawn equals such deficiency,
and (ii) deposit such amount into the Distribution Account for payment to the Class C Noteholders in respect of interest on
the Class C Notes pursuant to Section 5.02(c).

(d) On
the Series 2025-1 Final Maturity Date or, if sooner, the date on which the Class A Note Principal Balance and the Class B
Note Principal Balance have been paid in full, after applying any funds on deposit in the Spread Account as described in Section 4.11(c), Indenture
Trustee, at the written direction of Servicer, shall withdraw from the Spread Account an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Class C
Note Principal Balance (after any payments to be made pursuant to Section 4.04(c) on such date) and (ii) the Available
Spread Account Amount and, if the amount so withdrawn is not sufficient to reduce the Class C Note Principal Balance to zero, shall
also withdraw Investment Earnings credited to the Spread Account up to the amount required to reduce the Class C Note Principal
Balance to zero. Indenture Trustee, upon the written direction of Servicer, or Servicer, shall deposit such amounts into the Distribution
Account for distribution to the Class C Noteholders in accordance with Section 5.02(c).

28

(e) On
the earlier to occur of (i) the Series 2025-1 Final Maturity Date and (ii) the day following the occurrence of an Event
of Default with respect to Series 2025-1 and acceleration of the maturity of the Series 2025-1 Notes pursuant to Section 5.03
of the Indenture, Servicer shall withdraw from the Spread Account an amount equal to the Available Spread Account Amount and Indenture
Trustee or Servicer shall deposit such amounts into the Distribution Account for distribution to the Class C Noteholders until the
Class C Note Principal Balance is paid in full, then to the Class A Noteholders until the Class A Note Principal Balance
is paid in full, and then to the Class B Noteholders until the Class B Note Principal Balance is paid in full, in that order
of priority, in accordance with Section 5.02, to fund any shortfalls in amounts owed to such Noteholders.

(f) If
on any Transfer Date, after giving effect to all withdrawals from the Spread Account, the Available Spread Account Amount is less than
the Required Spread Account Amount then in effect, (i) Available Finance Charge Collections shall be deposited into the Spread Account
pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(viii) up to the amount of the Spread Account Deficiency, (ii) to the extent available, funds
shall be withdrawn from the Reserve Account and deposited to the Spread Account pursuant to Section 4.10(e)(i) up to the amount
of the Spread Account Deficiency and (iii) to the extent available, funds shall be withdrawn from the Reserve Account and deposited
to the Spread Account pursuant to Section 4.10(f)(A) up to the amount of the Spread Account Deficiency. If, after giving effect
to the deposits specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (f) of Section 4.11, there is still a
Spread Account Deficiency, Investment Earnings on the Spread Account shall be held and not distributed pursuant to Section 4.11(b) until
such Spread Account Deficiency is reduced to zero through subsequent deposits pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(viii) and clauses
(ii) and (iii) of this Section 4.11(f).

(g) If,
after giving effect to all deposits to and withdrawals from the Spread Account with respect to any Transfer Date, the amount on deposit
in the Spread Account exceeds the Required Spread Account Amount, Indenture Trustee acting in accordance with the instructions of
Servicer, shall withdraw an amount equal to such excess and deposit it into the Finance Charge Account for application as Available Finance
Charge Collections. On the date on which the Class C Note Principal Balance has been paid in full, after making any payments to
the Noteholders required pursuant to Section 4.11(c), (d) and (e), Indenture Trustee, at the written direction of Servicer,
shall withdraw from the Spread Account all amounts then remaining in the Spread Account and pay such amounts to the Holder of the Transferor
Interest.

Section 4.12.
Investment Instructions. Any investment instructions required to be given to Indenture Trustee pursuant to the terms
hereof must be given to Indenture Trustee no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date such investment is to be
made. In the event Indenture Trustee receives such investment instruction later than such time, Indenture Trustee may, but shall
have no obligation to, make such investment. In the event Indenture Trustee is unable to make an investment required in an investment
instruction received by Indenture Trustee after 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day, such investment shall be made
by Indenture Trustee on the next succeeding Business Day. In no event shall Indenture Trustee be liable for any investment not made pursuant
to investment instructions received after 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the day such investment is requested to be made.

29

Section 4.13.
Accumulation Period. The Accumulation Period is scheduled to commence at the beginning of business on February 1,
2027; provided that if the Accumulation Period Length (determined as described below) on any Determination Date on or after the November 2026
Determination Date is less than twelve months, the date on which the Accumulation Period actually commences will be changed to the first
Business Day of the month that is the number of whole months prior to the month in which the Expected Principal Payment Date occurs equal
to the Accumulation Period Length (so that, as a result of such election, the number of Monthly Periods in the Accumulation Period will
equal the Accumulation Period Length); provided that (i) the length of the Accumulation Period will not be less than one month,
(ii) such determination of the Accumulation Period Length shall be made on each Determination Date on and after the November 2026
Determination Date but prior to the commencement of the Accumulation Period, and any postponement of the Accumulation Period shall be
subject to the subsequent lengthening of the Accumulation Period to the Accumulation Period Length determined on any subsequent Determination
Date, but the Accumulation Period shall in no event commence prior to the Controlled Accumulation Date, and (iii) notwithstanding
any other provision of this Indenture Supplement to the contrary, no postponement of the commencement of the Accumulation Period shall
be made after a Pay Out Event shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to any other Series. The Accumulation Period
Length will mean a number of whole months such that the amount available for distribution of principal on the Series 2025-1
Notes on the Expected Principal Payment Date is expected to equal or exceed the sum of the Class A Note Principal Balance, the Class B
Note Principal Balance and the Class C Note Principal Balance, assuming for this purpose that (1) the payment rate with respect
to Principal Collections remains constant at the lowest level of such payment rate during the twelve preceding Monthly Periods (or such
lower payment rate as Servicer may select), (2) the total amount of Principal Receivables in the Trust (and the principal amount
on deposit in the Excess Funding Account, if any) remains constant at the level on such date of determination, (3) no Pay Out Event
with respect to any Series will subsequently occur and (4) no additional Series (other than any Series being issued
on such date of determination) will be subsequently issued. Servicer shall calculate the Accumulation Period Length on each Determination
Date on and after the November 2026 Determination Date as necessary to determine whether the Accumulation Period is postponed and
to set the Reserve Account Funding Date. If the calculation results in a postponement, Servicer shall provide notice in writing to Indenture
Trustee, Transferor, Issuer and each Rating Agency. Any notice by Servicer confirming the postponement of the Accumulation Period
pursuant to this Section 4.13 shall specify (i) the Accumulation Period Length, (ii) the commencement date of the Accumulation
Period and (iii) the Controlled Accumulation Amount with respect to each Monthly Period during the Accumulation Period. The method
for determining the Accumulation Period Length may be changed if the Rating Agency Condition is met.

30

Section 4.14.
Suspension of Accumulation Period.

(a) Servicer
may elect to suspend the commencement of the Accumulation Period with prior written notice to the Rating Agencies, at any time prior
to the Distribution Date preceding the Expected Principal Payment Date. The commencement of the Accumulation Period shall be suspended
upon delivery by Servicer to Indenture Trustee of (i) an Officers Certificate stating that Servicer has elected to suspend
the commencement of the Accumulation Period and that all conditions precedent to such suspension set forth in this Section 4.14
have been satisfied, (ii) a copy of an executed Qualified Maturity Agreement and (iii) an Opinion of Counsel addressed to Indenture
Trustee as to the due authorization, execution and delivery and the validity and enforceability of such Qualified Maturity Agreement.
Issuer does hereby transfer, assign, set-over, and otherwise convey to Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders,
without recourse, all of its rights under any Qualified Maturity Agreement obtained in accordance with this Section 4.14 and all
proceeds thereof. Such property shall constitute part of the Trust Estate and Collateral for all purposes of the Indenture. The foregoing
transfer, assignment, set-over and conveyance does not constitute and is not intended to result in a creation or an assumption by Indenture
Trustee or any Noteholder of any obligation of Issuer or any other Person in connection with a Qualified Maturity Agreement or under
any agreement or instrument relating thereto. Each Qualified Maturity Agreement must satisfy the Series Rating Agency Condition.

Indenture Trustee
hereby acknowledges its acceptance, to the extent validly transferred, assigned, set-over or otherwise conveyed to Indenture Trustee,
for the benefit of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders, of all of the rights previously held by Issuer under any Qualified Maturity Agreement
obtained by Issuer and all proceeds thereof, and declares that it shall hold such rights upon the trust set forth herein and in the Indenture,
and subject to the terms hereof and thereof, for the benefit of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders.

(b) Each
Qualified Maturity Agreement shall obligate the provider to deposit into the Principal Accumulation Account on or before the Expected
Principal Payment Date an amount equal to the initial Note Principal Balance (reduced by any amount on deposit in the Principal Accumulation
Account); provided, however, that Issuer may instead elect to fund all or a portion of such deposits with the proceeds of the issuance
of a new Series or with the Available Principal Collections with respect to such Transfer Date. The amounts so deposited shall be
applied on the Expected Principal Payment Date pursuant to Section 4.04(c) as if the commencement of the Accumulation Period
had not been suspended. The Qualified Maturity Agreement may require that during the period when the Accumulation Period is suspended,
upon the occurrence of certain events, Available Principal Collections will be deposited into the Principal Accumulation Account.

(c) Each
Qualified Maturity Agreement shall terminate at the close of business on the Expected Principal Payment Date; provided, however, that
Servicer may terminate a Qualified Maturity Agreement prior to such Distribution Date, with notice to each Rating Agency, if (i) the
Available Reserve Account Amount equals the Required Reserve Account Amount and (ii) one of the following events occurs: (A) Issuer
obtains a substitute Qualified Maturity Agreement which satisfies the Series Rating Agency Condition, (B) the provider of the
Qualified Maturity Agreement ceases to qualify as a Qualified Maturity Agreement Institution and Issuer is unable to obtain a substitute
Qualified Maturity Agreement which satisfies the Series Rating Agency Condition, (C) a Pay Out Event occurs or (D) an
event which may be declared to be a Pay Out Event occurs, whether or not it is declared. In addition, if the available Reserve Account
Amount equals the Required Reserve Account Amount, Servicer may terminate a Qualified Maturity Agreement prior to the later of (1) the
date on which the Accumulation Period was scheduled to begin, before giving effect to the suspension of the Accumulation Period, and
(2) the date to which the commencement of the Accumulation Period is postponed pursuant to Section 4.13 (as determined on the
Determination Date preceding the date of such termination), in which case the commencement of the Accumulation Period shall be determined
as if the commencement had not been postponed. In the event that the provider of a Qualified Maturity Agreement ceases to qualify as
a Qualified Maturity Agreement Institution, Servicer shall use its best efforts to obtain a substitute Qualified Maturity Agreement which
satisfies the Series Rating Agency Condition, unless a substitute Qualified Maturity Agreement is not required for any of the reasons
listed in this paragraph (c) of this Section 4.14.

31

(d) If
a Qualified Maturity Agreement is terminated prior to the earlier of the Expected Principal Payment Date and the commencement of the
Rapid Amortization Period and Issuer does not obtain a substitute Qualified Maturity Agreement which satisfies the Series Rating
Agency Condition, the Accumulation Period shall commence on the latest of (i) the beginning of business on May 1, 2026, (ii) the
date to which the commencement of the Accumulation Period is postponed pursuant to Section 4.l3 (as determined on the date of such
termination) and (iii) the first day of the Monthly Period following the date of such termination. The Issuer shall notify the Rating
Agencies if it intends to terminate a Qualified Maturity Agreement prior to the Expected Principal Payment Date.

Section 4.15.
[RESERVED.]

Section 4.16.
Interchange. On or prior to each Determination Date, Transferor shall cause FNBO to notify Servicer of the amount of Interchange
to be included as Finance Charge Collections allocable to the Series 2025-1 Notes with respect to the Related Monthly Period, which
amount shall be equal to the product of:

(a) the
total amount of Interchange paid or payable to FNBO with respect to such Related Monthly Period;

(b) a
fraction the numerator of which is the volume during the Related Monthly Period of sales net of cash advances on the Accounts and the
denominator of which is the amount of sales net of cash advances during the Related Monthly Period on all VISA and MasterCard accounts
owned by FNBO; and

(c) the
Allocation Percentage for Finance Charge Collections with respect to such Related Monthly Period.

On each Transfer Date, Transferor shall pay to
Servicer, and Servicer shall deposit into the Finance Charge Account, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the Interchange
to be so included as Finance Charge Collections allocable to the Series 2025-1 Notes with respect to the Related Monthly Period.
Transferor hereby assigns, sets over, conveys, pledges and grants a security interest and lien to Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
the Series 2025-1 Noteholders its security interest in Interchange and the proceeds of Interchange, as set forth in this Section 4.16.
In connection with the foregoing grant of a security interest, this Indenture Supplement shall constitute a security agreement under
applicable law. To the extent that an Indenture Supplement for a related Series, other than Series 2025-1, assigns, sets over, conveys,
pledges or grants a security interest in Interchange allocable to the Trust, all Notes of any such Series (except that any Series may
be subordinated to the Series 2025-1 Notes to the extent specified in any such Indenture Supplement) and the Series 2025-1
Notes shall rank pari passu and be equally and ratably entitled in accordance with their respective allocation percentages for
Finance Charge Collections as provided herein to the benefits of such Interchange without preference or priority on account of the actual
time or times of authentication and delivery, all in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Indenture Supplement and other
related Indenture Supplements.

32

Section 4.17.
Foreign Accounts. So long as any Series 2025-1 Notes are Outstanding, Receivables arising in Foreign Accounts
shall constitute Eligible Receivables for all purposes except that, to the extent that such Receivables exceed 1% (or any higher percentage
as to which the Rating Agency Condition has been met) of the aggregate Principal Receivables as of the most recently ended Monthly Period,
such Receivables may not be counted for purposes of determining compliance with the tests for the Minimum Transferor Interest and the
Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables.

Section 4.18.
[RESERVED.]

Section 4.19. Asset
Representations Review Triggers.

(a) Delinquency
Trigger. Transferor, on behalf of Issuer, shall provide written notice to Indenture Trustee and disclose the occurrence of a
Delinquency Trigger in the distribution report on Form 10-D relating to the Monthly Period in which the Delinquency Trigger occurred.

(b) Adjustment
of Delinquency Trigger Rate. Transferor shall review and may adjust the Delinquency Trigger Rate upon the occurrence of any of
the following events:

(i) the
filing of a new registration statement with the Commission relating to any Notes to be offered and sold from time to time by Issuer;
or

(ii) a
change in law or regulation (including any new or revised interpretation of an existing law or regulation) that, in Transferors
judgment, could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the delinquency rate for Obligor payments on the Accounts or the
manner by which delinquencies are defined or determined; provided, however, that for so long as a Delinquency Trigger has occurred and
is continuing, a review of the Delinquency Trigger Rate that would otherwise be required as specified above will be delayed until the
date on which Transferor shall, on behalf of Issuer, report in the applicable distribution report on Form 10-D that the Delinquency
Trigger is no longer continuing.

In case of a review of the Delinquency Trigger
Rate undertaken upon the occurrence of an event described in this Section 4.19(b)(i) above, Transferor may increase or decrease
the Delinquency Trigger Rate by any amount it reasonably determines to be appropriate based upon the composition of the Receivables at
the time of the review. For the avoidance of doubt and with respect to this Section 4.19(b)(i) above, the Delinquency Trigger
Rate may be reviewed and adjusted upon the filing of a new shelf registration and not upon the filing of a post-effective amendment to
a prior shelf filing. In the case of a review undertaken upon the occurrence of an event described in this Section 4.19(b)(ii) above,
Transferor may increase or decrease the Delinquency Trigger Rate by any amount it reasonably determines to be appropriate as a result
of the related change in law or regulation (including any new or revised interpretation of an existing law or regulation).

33

(c) Disclosure
of Adjusted Delinquency Trigger Rate on Form 10-D. Transferor shall, on behalf of Issuer, disclose the Delinquency Trigger
Rate, as adjusted, in the distribution report on Form 10-D for the Monthly Period in which such adjustment occurs, which report
shall also include a description of how the adjusted Delinquency Trigger Rate was deemed to be appropriate pursuant to Section 3.11(a)(iii) of
the Transfer and Servicing Agreement.

(d) Noteholder
Action to Initiate an Asset Representations Review.

(i) Within
90 days following the date upon which Transferor discloses, on behalf of Issuer, the occurrence of a Delinquency Trigger on a distribution
report on Form 10-D, the Noteholders holding at least 5% of the Outstanding Amount of all Series of Notes Outstanding as of
the date of the Form 10-D filing, may submit a written petition to Indenture Trustee directing that a vote be taken on whether to
initiate an Asset Representations Review. Such written petition shall specify the related Delinquency Trigger and Form 10-D filing
that gave rise to the Noteholders direction. For the avoidance of doubt, as long as a Delinquency Trigger has occurred and is
continuing, a new 90-day petition period shall commence each month, beginning on the date on which Transferor discloses in the related
distribution report on Form 10-D that the Delinquency Trigger is continuing.

(ii) If
the requisite number of Noteholders submit a written petition to Indenture Trustee directing that a vote be taken in accordance with
this Section 4.19(d)(i) above, Indenture Trustee shall (A) promptly provide written notice of such direction to all
Noteholders of Outstanding Notes at their addresses appearing in the Note Register and (B) conduct a solicitation of votes of all
Noteholders of Outstanding Notes to initiate an Asset Representations Review, which solicitation of votes shall remain open for a 90-day
period which begins upon the date Indenture Trustee provided notice of the direction to the Noteholders. With respect to Outstanding
Notes that are Book-Entry Notes held through DTC, Indenture Trustee shall conduct the vote pursuant to the voting guidelines promulgated
by DTC relating to Notes registered in the name of its nominee, as described in clause (iii) of this Section 4.19(d) below.

(iii) With
respect to Outstanding Notes which are Book-Entry Notes held through DTC, DTC uses a proxy service for voting purposes. Once DTC is notified,
it creates an electronic proxy. DTC transfers the right to vote with respect to the related securities via the proxy to the DTC participants
that hold positions with respect to the securities in question as of the record date. A DTC participant is responsible for informing
the beneficial owner of any action that requires a vote. The beneficial owner instructs the DTC participant via a proxy card or voting
instruction form how to vote their interest, and the DTC participant then casts the vote in accordance with the instructions from the
beneficial owner.

34

(iv) If
a vote in which an Asset Review Quorum participates occurs within the 90-day period pursuant to this Section 4.19(d)(ii) above
and the Noteholders holding more than 50% of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes casting a vote direct that an Asset Representations
Review be undertaken (the Review Satisfaction Date), then Indenture Trustee shall promptly provide a Review Notice to Transferor,
Servicer and all Noteholders of Outstanding Notes in the same manner described above. For the purpose of determining whether the requisite
percentage of Noteholders have given any direction, notice or consent under this Section 4.19:

(A) any
Notes which Indenture Trustee knows are owned by Issuer, FNBO, Servicer, Transferor, any other Holder of the Transferor Interest, the
Asset Representations Reviewer or any of their respective Affiliates will be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding,

(B) any
Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith will not be disregarded and may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes
to Indenture Trustees satisfaction the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is the
Issuer, FNBO, Servicer, Transferor, any other Holder of the Transferor Interest, the Asset Representations Reviewer or an Affiliate of
any of Issuer, FNBO, Servicer, Transferor, any other Holder of the Transferor Interest or the Asset Representations Reviewer; and

(C) if
any Noteholder who is not a record holder as reflected on the Note Register seeks to give a direction, notice or consent, Indenture
Trustee shall require such Noteholder to provide verification documents to confirm that it is a Verified Note Owner.

(v) Upon
receipt of a Review Notice from Indenture Trustee as specified in this Section 4.19(d)(iv) above, Servicer will promptly provide
a copy of the Review Notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer and an Asset Representations Review will commence in accordance with
the terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement. In addition, Transferor will include, in the Issuers distribution report
on Form 10-D relating to the Monthly Period in which a vote described in this Section 4.19(d)(ii) above has occurred,
a description of the events which occurred during such Monthly Period that triggered the Asset Representations Review pursuant to Section 3.11(a)(iv)(A) of
the Transfer and Servicing Agreement.

(e) Certain
Restrictions Relating to Petitions, Votes and Asset Representations Reviews. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Section 4.19
to the contrary, and subject to additional requirements and conditions set forth in this Section 4.19, for so long as a petition
to direct that a vote be taken, a vote itself, or an Asset Representations Review is underway in accordance with this Section 4.19(d)(i) above,
this Section 4.19(d)(ii) above or the terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement, respectively, the requisite number
of Noteholders may not initiate another petition, vote or Asset Representations Review unless and until such prior petition, vote or
Asset Representations Review is completed. For the purposes of this Section 4.19(e):

35

(i) a
petition will be considered completed only (A) if the petition does not result in
a vote, (B) if a vote occurs, such vote does not result in an Asset Representations Review or (C) if an Asset Representations
Review occurs, at such time as Transferor, on behalf of Issuer, includes a summary of the Asset Representations Reviewers final
report setting forth the findings of its Asset Representations Review in a distribution report on Form 10-D in accordance with the
terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement;

(ii) a
vote will be considered completed only (A) if the vote does not result in an Asset Representations Review or (B) if an Asset
Representations Review occurs, at such time as Transferor, on behalf of Issuer, includes a summary of the Asset Representations Reviewers
final report setting forth the findings of its Asset Representations Review in a distribution report on Form 10-D in accordance
with the terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement; and

(iii) an
Asset Representations Review will be considered completed only at such time as Transferor, on behalf of Issuer, includes a summary of
the Asset Representations Reviewers final report setting forth the findings of its Asset Representations Review in a distribution
report on Form 10-D in accordance with the terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

(f) Cooperation
with Asset Representations Reviewer. Each of Indenture Trustee, Transferor, Servicer and Issuer hereby agrees to cooperate with
Asset Representations Reviewer in the event an Asset Representations Review is commenced pursuant to this Section 4.19 and the Asset
Representations Review Agreement and shall provide Asset Representations Reviewer with any documents or other information in its possession
that is reasonably requested by Asset Representations Reviewer in connection with the Asset Representations Review.

(g) Procedures
following Completion of Asset Representations Review. Upon completion of an Asset Representations Review undertaken in accordance
with the terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement, Transferor will review Asset Representations Reviewers findings
and conclusions in its report relating to the Asset Representations Review and make a determination whether any non-compliance with Pool
Asset Representations identified in such report constitutes a breach of any contractual provision in the Transfer and Servicing Agreement
or the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as applicable. If Transferor determines that such breach has occurred, it will provide written
notice of such breach to Servicer, Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, RPA Seller, if applicable, and each Enhancement Provider, if
any.

36

(h) Resignation
or Termination of Asset Representations Reviewer. If Asset Representations Reviewer gives notice of its intent to resign or Servicer
terminates the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to the terms of the Asset Representations Review Agreement or if a vacancy exists
in the office of the Asset Representation Reviewer for any reason, (the Asset Representations Reviewer in such event being referred to
as the retiring Asset Representations Reviewer), Servicer shall engage and Issuer shall appoint a successor Asset Representations Reviewer
in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

(i) Expenses
of Indenture Trustee; No Agency Relationship. Any expenses incurred by Indenture Trustee in connection with a petition, a vote
or an Asset Representations Review shall be subject to reimbursement pursuant to Section 6.07 of the Indenture. For the avoidance
of doubt, nothing in this Indenture Supplement should be construed to require Indenture Trustee to monitor the obligations or the actions
of Asset Representations Reviewer or hold Indenture Trustee liable for the performance of Asset Representations Reviewer or the failure
of Asset Representations Reviewer to perform any obligation, duty or agreement in the manner or on the day required to be performed by
Asset Representations Reviewer under the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Section 4.20. Appointment
of Asset Representations Reviewer. Pursuant to the Asset Representations Review Agreement, Servicer has engaged and Issuer
has appointed FTI Consulting, Inc., a Maryland corporation, as the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform the obligations of
the Asset Representations Reviewer set forth therein and herein, respectively. Issuer hereby represents and warrants that the Asset Representations
Reviewer (a) is not an Affiliate of FNBO, Transferor, Indenture Trustee or Owner Trustee and (b) has not been hired by
FNBO to perform any pre-closing due diligence work relating to the Receivables.

Section 4.21. Dispute
Resolution.

(a) Notice
of the Requesting Party to Refer Matter to Third-Party Mediation or Third-Party Arbitration.

(i) Repurchase
Request Relating to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement. If any Receivable is subject to repurchase by Transferor pursuant to Section 2.04
of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and such repurchase is not resolved in accordance with the terms of the Transfer and Servicing
Agreement, then Indenture Trustee (at the direction of any Series 2025-1 Noteholder or any Verified Note Owner), any Series 2025-1
Noteholder or any Verified Note Owner (a Requesting Party) may submit, to Transferor (a Representing Party),
a written notice that the Representing Party is obligated to repurchase the Receivable due to an alleged breach of a representation and
warranty (a TSA Repurchase Request) and if such TSA Repurchase Request has not been fulfilled or otherwise resolved
to the reasonable satisfaction of the Requesting Party within 180 days of the Representing Partys receipt of such TSA Repurchase
Request, then the Requesting Party shall have the right to refer the matter, at its discretion, to either third-party mediation (including
non-binding arbitration) or third-party binding arbitration and the Representing Party agrees to participate in the dispute resolution
method selected by the Requesting Party.

37

(ii) Repurchase
Request Relating to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. If any Receivable is subject to repurchase by RPA Seller pursuant to Section 6.01
or Section 6.02 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as applicable, and such repurchase is not resolved in accordance with the
terms of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, then Transferor, Indenture Trustee (at the direction of any Series 2025-1 Noteholder
or any Verified Note Owner), any Series 2025-1 Noteholder or any Verified Note Owner (a Requesting Party) may submit
to RPA Seller (a Representing Party), a written notice that the Representing Party is obligated to repurchase the Receivable
due to an alleged breach of a representation and warranty (a RPA Repurchase Request) and if such RPA Repurchase Request
has not been fulfilled or otherwise resolved to the reasonable satisfaction of the Requesting Party within 180 days of the Representing
Partys receipt of such RPA Repurchase Request, then the Requesting Party shall have the right to refer the matter, at its discretion,
to either third-party mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or third-party binding arbitration and the Representing Party agrees
to participate in the dispute resolution method selected by the Requesting Party.

For the purposes of this Section 4.21,
clauses (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of paragraph (a) of this Section 4.21, paragraph (b) of this Section 4.21,
paragraph (c) of this Section 4.21 and paragraph (d) of this Section 4.21 apply to Section 4.21(a)(i) and
(ii), as applicable. Hereafter, the defined term Repurchase Request refers to either a TSA Repurchase Request or a RPA
Repurchase Request, as the context requires.

(iii) At
the end of the 180-day period described above, the Representing Party may provide notice informing the Requesting Party of the status
of its Repurchase Request or, in the absence of such notice, the Requesting Party may presume its Repurchase Request remains unresolved.

(iv) The
Requesting Party must provide written notice of its intention to refer the matter to either third-party mediation (including non-binding
arbitration) or third-party binding arbitration to the Representing Party within 30 calendar days following such 180th day.

(v) Dispute
resolution to resolve repurchase obligations will be available to the Requesting Party regardless of whether the requisite percentage
of Noteholders voted to direct an Asset Representations Review or whether the Delinquency Trigger has occurred.

(vi) To
the extent a Series 2025-1 Note Owner is a Requesting Party, the Series 2025-1 Note Owner must be a Verified Note Owner. The
Series 2025-1 Note Owner shall submit a copy of its Repurchase Request and the verification documentation specified in Article II
of this Indenture Supplement under the defined term Verified Note Owner to Indenture Trustee. Indenture Trustee
shall confirm that the Note Owner has provided Indenture Trustee with evidence that it is a Verified Note Owner and shall provide such
evidence to the Issuer.

38

(b) Provisions
Applicable to Third-Party Mediation. If the Requesting Party selects third-party mediation as the resolution method, the following
provisions apply:

(i) The
mediation will be administered by the AAA pursuant to the Rules. However, if any of the Rules are inconsistent with the procedures
applicable to third-party mediation or third-party arbitration in this Section 4.21, the procedures in this Section 4.21 shall
control.

(ii) The
mediator must be a Qualified Dispute Resolution Professional. Upon being supplied a list, by the AAA, of at least ten potential mediators
that are each Qualified Dispute Resolution Professionals, each of the Requesting Party and the Representing Party will have the right
to exercise two peremptory challenges within 14 days and to rank the remaining potential mediators in order of preference. The AAA will
select the mediator from the remaining potential mediators on the list, respecting the preference choices of the parties to the extent
possible.

(iii) Each
of the Requesting Party and the Representing Party will use commercially reasonable efforts to begin the mediation within 10 Business
Days of the selection of the mediator and to conclude the mediation within 30 days of the start of the mediation.

(iv) The
fees and expenses of the mediation (including the fees of the mediator and reasonable attorneys fees of the parties) will be allocated
as mutually agreed by the Requesting Party and the Representing Party as part of the mediation.

(v) A
failure by the Requesting Party and the Representing Party to resolve the disputed matter through mediation shall not preclude either
party from seeking a resolution through the initiation of a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction, subject to Section 4.21(d) below.

(c) Provisions
Applicable to Third-Party Arbitration. If the Requesting Party selects third-party arbitration as the resolution method, the
following provisions will apply:

(i) The
arbitration will be held in accordance with the United States Arbitration Act, notwithstanding any choice of law provision in the Indenture,
and under the auspices of the AAA and in accordance with the Rules. However, if any of the Rules are inconsistent with the procedures
applicable to third-party arbitration in this Section 4.21, the procedures in this Section 4.21 shall control.

(ii) If
the Repurchase Request involves the repurchase of an aggregate amount of Receivables of less than five percent (5%) of the total Principal
Receivables in the Trust as of the date of the Repurchase Request, a single arbitrator will be used. That arbitrator must be a Qualified
Dispute Resolution Professional. Upon being supplied a list of at least ten potential arbitrators that are each Qualified Dispute Resolution
Professionals by the AAA, each of the Requesting Party and the Representing Party (as defined below) will have to the right to exercise
two peremptory challenges within 14 days and to rank the remaining potential arbitrators in order of preference. The AAA will select
the arbitrator from the remaining potential arbitrators on the list, respecting the preference choices of the parties to the extent possible.

39

(iii) If
the Repurchase Request involves the repurchase of an aggregate amount of Receivables equal to or in excess of five percent (5%) of the
total Principal Receivables in the Trust as of the date of the Repurchase Request, a three-arbitrator panel will be used. The arbitral
panel will consist of three Qualified Dispute Resolution Professionals, (a) one to be appointed by the Requesting Party within five
Business Days of providing notice to the Representing Party of its selection of arbitration, (b) one to be appointed by the Representing
Party within five Business Days of the Requesting Partys appointment of an arbitrator, and (c) the third arbitrator, who
will preside over the arbitral panel, to be chosen by the two party-appointed arbitrators, within five Business Days of the Representing
Partys appointment of an arbitrator. If any party fails to appoint an arbitrator or the two party-arbitrators fail to appoint
a third within the relevant time periods, then the appointments will be made by the AAA pursuant to the Rules.

(iv) Each
arbitrator selected for any arbitration will abide by the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes in effect at the time
the arbitration is initiated. Prior to accepting an appointment, each arbitrator must promptly disclose any circumstances likely to create
a reasonable inference of bias or conflict of interest or likely to preclude completion of the hearings within the prescribed time schedule.
Any arbitrator selected may be removed by the AAA for cause consisting of actual bias, conflict of interest or other serious potential
for conflict.

(v) The
Requesting Party and Representing Party each agree that it is their intention that after consulting with the parties, the arbitrator
or arbitral panel, as applicable, will devise procedures and deadlines for the arbitration, to the extent not already agreed to by the
parties, with the goal of expediting the proceeding and completing the arbitration within 30 days after the appointment of the arbitrator
or arbitral panel, as applicable. The arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, will have the authority to schedule, hear and
determine any and all motions, including dispositive and discovery motions, in accordance with New York law then in effect (including
prehearings and post hearing motions), and will do so on the motion of any party to the arbitration. Notwithstanding any other discovery
that may be available under the Rules, unless otherwise agreed by the parties, each party to the arbitration will be limited to the following
discovery in the arbitration:

(A) Consistent
with the expedited nature of arbitration, the Requesting Party and the Representing Party will, upon the written request of the other
party, promptly provide the other with copies of documents relevant to the issues raised by any claim or counterclaim on which the producing
party may rely in support of or opposition to the claim or defense.

40

(B) At
the request of a party, the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, shall have the discretion to order examination by deposition
of witnesses to the extent the arbitrator or the arbitral panel deems such additional discovery relevant and appropriate. Depositions
shall be limited to a maximum of three (3) per party and shall be held within thirty (30) calendar days of the making of the request.
Additional depositions may be scheduled only with the permission of the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, and for good cause shown. Each
deposition shall be limited to a maximum of three (3) hours duration. All objections are served for the arbitration hearing except
for objections based on privilege and proprietary or confidential information.

(C) Any
dispute regarding discovery, or the relevance or scope thereof, shall be determined by the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, which determination
shall be conclusive.

(D) All
discovery shall be completed within sixty (60) calendar days following the appointment of the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable;
provided, that the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, will have the ability to grant the parties, or either of them, additional
discovery to the extent the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, determines good cause is shown that such additional discovery
is reasonable and necessary.

(vi) The
Requesting Party and the Representing Party each agree that it is their intention that the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable,
will resolve the dispute in accordance with the terms of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or the Receivables Purchase Agreement,
as applicable, and may not modify the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as applicable, in any way.
The arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, will not have the power to award punitive damages or consequential damages in any
arbitration conducted. The Requesting Party and the Representing Party each agree that in its final determination, the arbitrator or
the arbitral panel, as applicable, will determine and award the costs of the arbitration (including the fees of the arbitrator or the
arbitral panel, as applicable, the cost of any record or transcript of the arbitration and administrative fees) and reasonable attorneys
fees to the parties as determined by the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, in its reasonable discretion. For the avoidance
of doubt, in no event will Indenture Trustee (when acting as Requesting Party at the direction of Series 2025-1 Noteholders) be
liable in its individual capacity for such costs. The determination of the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, must be consistent
with Sections 4.03 and 9.13 of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or Sections 6.01 or 6.02, as applicable, of the Receivables Purchase
Agreement, as the case may be, and will be in writing and counterpart copies will be promptly delivered to the parties. The determination
of the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable, may be reconsidered once by the arbitrator or the arbitral panel, as applicable,
upon the motion and at the expense of either party. Following that single reconsideration, the determination of the arbitrator or the
arbitral panel, as applicable, will be final and non-appealable and may be entered in and may be enforce in, any court of competent jurisdiction,
except in the case of fraud or corruption of the process.

41

(vii) By
selecting third-party binding arbitration, the Requesting Party is giving up the right to sue in court, including the right to trial
by jury.

(viii) No
Person may bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration.

(d) Provisions
Applicable to Third-Party Mediations and Third-Party Arbitrations. The following provisions will apply to both third-party mediations
and third party arbitrations:

(i) Any
mediation or arbitration will be held in New York, New York.

(ii) Notwithstanding
the dispute resolution provisions in this Section 4.21, the parties will have the right to seek a temporary restraining order, a
preliminary injunction or attachment order from a competent court of law, provided such relief would otherwise be available by law.

(iii) The
details and/or the existence of any unfulfilled Repurchase Request, any informal meetings, mediations or arbitration proceedings, including
all offers, promises, conduct and statements, whether oral or written, made in the course of the parties attempt to informally
resolve an unfulfilled repurchase request, and any discovery undertaken in connection with any arbitration, will be confidential, privileged
and inadmissible for any purpose, including impeachment, in any mediation, arbitration or litigation, or other proceeding; provided,
however, that any discovery taken in connection with any arbitration will be admissible in that particular arbitration. Such information
will be kept strictly confidential and will not be disclosed or discussed with any third party (excluding a partys attorneys,
experts, accountants and other agents and representatives, as reasonably required in connection with the related resolution procedure),
except as otherwise required by law, regulatory requirement or court order. If any party to a resolution procedure receives a subpoena
or other request for information from a third party (other than a governmental regulatory body) for such confidential information, the
recipient will promptly notify the other party to the resolution procedure and will provide the other party with the opportunity to object
to the production of its confidential information. Any third party who receives confidential information (other than a governmental regulatory
body) must, at the conclusion of the proceedings, submit an affidavit that all such confidential information and any copies thereof were
destroyed in a manner to protect such information from any subsequent disclosure.

42

Section 4.22.
Investor Communication.

(a) Following
receipt of a written request by either Issuer or Indenture Trustee during any Monthly Period (or receipt of written notice from Transferor
that Transferor has received such a written request) from a Series 2025-1 Noteholder or a Series 2025-1 Note Owner (subject
to the provisions of Section 4.22(b)) seeking to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners regarding the exercising their
contractual rights under the terms of the Transaction Documents, either Issuer or Indenture Trustee shall provide a copy of the request
to the other and Indenture Trustee shall notify Transferor of any such request received by Issuer or Indenture Trustee. Issuer shall
cause Transferor to include in the distribution report on Form 10-D relating to the Monthly Period in which the request was received:
(a) the name of the Series 2025-1 Noteholder or Series 2025-1 Note Owner, as applicable, delivering such request; (b) the
date upon which the request was received; (c) a statement to the effect that Issuer, Indenture Trustee or Transferor, as applicable,
has in fact received such a request from a Series 2025-1 Noteholder or a Series 2025-1 Note Owner, as applicable, and that
such Series 2025-1 Noteholder or Series 2025-1 Note Owner, as applicable, is interested in communicating with other Noteholders
or Note Owners with regard to the possible exercise of rights under the Transaction Documents; and (d) a description of the method
that other Noteholders or Note Owners may use to contact the requesting Series 2025-1 Noteholder or Series 2025-1 Note Owner,
as applicable.

(b) If
Issuer, Indenture Trustee or Transferor receives such request from a Series 2025-1 Note Owner, each of Issuer, Indenture
Trustee and Transferor are entitled to verify that such Series 2025-1 Note Owner is a Verified Note Owner prior to Transferors
inclusion of any request from such Series 2025-1 Note Owner in any distribution report on Form 10-D. Such Series 2025-1
Note Owner shall submit the verification documents specified in Article II of this Indenture Supplement under the defined term Verified
Note Owner to Indenture Trustee. Indenture Trustee shall confirm that the Note Owner has provided Indenture Trustee with evidence
that it is a Verified Note Owner and shall provide such evidence to the Issuer. All expenses relating to investor communication requests
shall be paid by the Servicer from its own funds.

ARTICLE V

Delivery
of Notes; Distributions; Reports to Noteholders

Section 5.01.
Delivery and Payment for the Series 2025-1 Notes. Issuer shall execute and issue, and Indenture Trustee shall
authenticate, the Series 2025-1 Notes in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture. Indenture Trustee shall deliver the
Series 2025-1 Notes to or upon the written order of Issuer when so authenticated.

Section 5.02.
Distributions.

(a) On
each Distribution Date, Indenture Trustee shall distribute to each Class A Noteholder of record on the related Record Date
(other than as provided in Section 11.02 of the Indenture) such Class A Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on
deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such Distribution Date and that are payable to the Class A
Noteholders pursuant to this Indenture Supplement.

43

(b) On
each Distribution Date, Indenture Trustee shall distribute to each Class B Noteholder of record on the related Record Date
(other than as provided in Section 11.02 of the Indenture) such Class B Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on
deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such Distribution Date and that are payable to the Class B
Noteholders pursuant to this Indenture Supplement.

(c) On
each Distribution Date, Indenture Trustee shall distribute to each Class C Noteholder of record on the related Record Date
(other than as provided in Section 11.02 of the Indenture) such Class C Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on
deposit in the Distribution Account (including amounts withdrawn from the Spread Account at the times and in the amounts specified in
Section 4.11) that are allocated and available on such Distribution Date and that are payable to the Class C Noteholders pursuant
to this Indenture Supplement.

(d) The
distributions to be made pursuant to this Section 5.02 are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.01 and 7.01 of the Transfer
and Servicing Agreement, Section 11.02 of the Indenture and Section 7.01 of this Indenture Supplement.

(e) Except
as provided in Section 11.02 of the Indenture with respect to a final distribution, distributions to Series 2025-1 Noteholders
hereunder shall be made by (i) check mailed to each Series 2025-1 Noteholder (at such Noteholders address as it appears
in the Note Register), except that for any Series 2025-1 Notes registered in the name of the nominee of a Clearing Agency, such
distribution shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds and (ii) without presentation or surrender of any Series 2025-1
Note or the making of any notation thereon.

Section 5.03.
Reports and Statements to Series 2025-1 Noteholders.

(a) The
Indenture Trustee shall make the statement substantially in the form of Exhibit C prepared by Servicer publicly available to the
Series 2025-1 Note Owners on its internet website. The Indenture Trustees website shall be initially located at https://pivot.usbank.com
or at such other address as shall be specified by the Indenture Trustee to the Series 2025-1 Noteholders, the parties to the Transaction
Documents and the Issuer (who shall promptly notify the same to the Rating Agencies, if any). Prior to obtaining access to the Indenture
Trustees website, the Indenture Trustee may require each Series 2025-1 Note Owner to register with the Indenture Trustee
using an electronic form available on the website. As part of the registration process, each Series 2025-1 Note Owner may be required
to accept such terms, conditions and disclaimers and provide such certifications as the Indenture Trustee may, from time to time, require
in accordance with its policies and procedures. The Indenture Trustee will make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or
completeness of information provided by it that was based, in whole or in part, on information received from third parties, and will
assume no responsibility for such information. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for the dissemination of information in accordance
with the terms of this Indenture Supplement. The Indenture Trustee will not be deemed to have knowledge of any information posted on
its website solely by virtue of such posting. In addition, the Indenture Trustee may disclaim responsibility for any information for
which it is not the original source. Assistance in using the Indenture Trustees website may be obtained by calling its customer
service desk at (866) 252-4360 and any Series 2025-1 Noteholder or Series 2025-1 Note Owner with questions may direct them
to the Indenture Trustees bondholder services group at (800) 934-6802.

44

(b) Not
later than the second Business Day preceding each Distribution Date, Servicer shall deliver to Owner Trustee, Indenture Trustee,
Paying Agent, any Enhancement Provider and each Rating Agency (i) a statement substantially in the form of Exhibit B prepared
by Servicer and (ii) a certificate of an Authorized Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit D; provided that Servicer
may amend the form of Exhibit B from time to time, with the prior written consent of Indenture Trustee and provided further, that
the information set forth in Section III of Exhibit B may be provided once for all outstanding Series.

(c) A
copy of each statement provided pursuant to paragraph (a) may be obtained by any Series 2025-1 Noteholder by a request
in writing to Servicer.

(d) On
or before January 31 of each calendar year, beginning with January 31, 2026, Indenture Trustee shall furnish or cause
to be furnished to each Person who at any time during the preceding calendar year was a Series 2025-1 Noteholder, a statement prepared
by Servicer containing the information which is required to be contained in the statement to Series 2025-1 Noteholders, as set forth
in paragraph (a) above, aggregated for such calendar year or the applicable portion thereof during which such Person was a
Series 2025-1 Noteholder, together with other information as is required to be provided by an issuer of indebtedness under the Code.
Such obligation of Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been satisfied to the extent that substantially comparable information shall
be provided by Servicer pursuant to any requirements of the Code as from time to time in effect.

Section 5.04.
Annual Servicers Certificate.

(a) For
as long as Transferor is required to report under the Exchange Act and in order to comply with Item 1122(d) and Item 1123 of Regulation
AB, respectively, Servicer will provide the Servicing Criteria Compliance Report pursuant to Section 3.05(b) of the Transfer
and Servicing Agreement and the Servicer Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 3.05 (a) of the Transfer and Servicing
Agreement. To the extent Servicer is not obligated to provide the Servicing Criteria Compliance Report and the Servicer Compliance Certificate
under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, Servicer may, at its option, continue to provide the Servicing Criteria Compliance Report
and the Servicer Compliance Certificate, each, in the time and manner specified in Section 3.05 of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement
or Servicer may provide, on an annual basis, the certificate described in paragraph (b) of this Section 5.04.

45

(b) On
or before March 31 of each calendar year, Servicer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, any Enhancement Provider
and each Rating Agency an Officers Certificate stating that (a) a review of the activities of Servicer during the 12-month
period ending on December 31 of the prior calendar year, and of its performance under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement was made
under the supervision of the officer signing such certificate, (b) to the best of such officers knowledge based on such review,
Servicer has fully performed all its obligations under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement throughout such period, or, if there has
been a default in the performance of any such obligation, specifying each such default known to such officer and the nature and status
thereof, (c) during such period, for each outstanding Series, Servicer prepared the monthly items required by Section 3.04(b) of
the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and each other monthly report required by the applicable Indenture Supplement in accordance with
Section 3.04(b) of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and the applicable provisions of each such Indenture Supplement, (d) the
amounts included in such reports agree with the computer records of Servicer and (e) the calculated amounts included in such reports
are mathematically correct and made in accordance with the applicable definitions in the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and the other
applicable Transaction Documents (the Annual Servicer Certificate.) A copy of the Annual Servicer Certificate may be obtained
by any Series 2025-1 Noteholder by a request in writing to Indenture Trustee addressed to the Corporate Trust Office.

Section 5.05. Annual
Independent Accountants Servicing Report.

(a) For
as long as Transferor is required to report under the Exchange Act and in order to comply with Item 1123 of Regulation AB, Servicer shall,
pursuant to Section 3.06(a) of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, provide to Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, any Enhancement
Provider and each Rating Agency, a copy of the attestation report specified in Section 3.06(a) of the Transfer and Servicing
Agreement. To the extent Servicer is not obligated to provide an attestation report under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, Servicer
may, at its option, continue to provide such attestation report, in the time and manner specified in Section 3.06(a) of the
Transfer and Servicing Agreement or Servicer may provide, on an annual basis, the accountants servicing report described in paragraph
(b) of this Section 5.05.

(b) On
or before March 31 of each fiscal year, Servicer shall provide to Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, any Enhancement Provider and
each Rating Agency, a copy of the report required by 12 C.F.R. 363.3(b) (or any comparable successor regulation) from
a firm of nationally recognized independent certified public accountants (who may also render other services to Servicer or Transferor)
to the effect that, in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, such
firm has examined Servicers assertion that it maintained effective internal accounting controls during the preceding calendar
year, and that such firm is of the opinion that Servicers assertion is fairly stated in all material respects, based on the criteria
established in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. A copy of such report may be obtained by any Series 2025-1 Noteholder by a request in writing to Indenture Trustee addressed
to the Corporate Trust Office.

46

ARTICLE VI

Series 2025-1
Pay Out Events

If any one of the following
events shall occur with respect to the Series 2025-1 Notes:

(a) failure
on the part of Transferor (i) to make any payment or deposit required to be made by it by the terms of the Transfer and Servicing
Agreement, the Indenture or this Indenture Supplement on or before the date occurring five (5) Business Days after the date
such payment or deposit is required to be made therein or herein or (ii) duly to observe or perform in any material respect any
other of its covenants or agreements set forth in the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture or this Indenture Supplement, which
failure has a material adverse effect on the Series 2025-1 Noteholders which continues unremedied for a period of sixty (60) days
after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied, shall have been given to Transferor by Indenture
Trustee, or to Transferor and Indenture Trustee by Holders of Series 2025-1 Notes evidencing more than 25% of the Note Principal
Balance and which continues to materially and adversely affect the interests of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders;

(b) any
representation or warranty made by Transferor under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, or any supplement to either of them, shall
prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or when delivered, which continues to be incorrect in any material respect
for a period of sixty (60) days after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied,
shall have been given to Transferor by Indenture Trustee, or to Transferor and Indenture Trustee by Holders of Series 2025-1 Notes
evidencing more than 25% of the Note Principal Balance and as a result of which the interests of the Noteholders are materially and adversely
affected and continue to be materially and adversely affected for such period; provided, however, that a Series 2025-1 Pay Out Event
pursuant to this paragraph (b) of Article VI shall not be deemed to have occurred hereunder if Transferor has accepted reassignment
of the related Receivable, or all of such Receivables, if applicable, during such period in accordance with the provisions of the Transfer
and Servicing Agreement;

(c) a
failure by Transferor under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement to convey Receivables arising under Additional Accounts to the Trust
within five Business Days after the day on which it is required to convey such Receivables pursuant to Section 2.06(a) of
the Transfer and Servicing Agreement provided that such failure shall not give rise to a Pay Out Event if, prior to the date on which
such conveyance was required to be completed, Transferor causes a reduction in the invested amount of any Variable Interest to occur,
so that, after giving effect to that reduction, the Transferor Interest is not less than the Minimum Transferor Interest and the Aggregate
Principal Receivables are not less than the Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables;

(d) any
Servicer Default shall occur that would have a material adverse effect on the Series 2025-1 Noteholders;

47

(e) the
Portfolio Yield averaged over three consecutive Monthly Periods is less than the Base Rate averaged over such period;

(f) the
Note Principal Balance shall not be paid in full on the Expected Principal Payment Date;

(g) without
limiting the foregoing, the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to Series 2025-1 pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
Indenture and acceleration of the maturity of the Series 2025-1 Notes pursuant to Section 5.03 of the Indenture; or

(h) the
occurrence of a Trust Pay Out Event as defined in the Indenture;

then, in the case of any event described in paragraphs
(a), (b) or (d) of this Article VI, after the applicable grace period, if any, set forth in such paragraphs, either Indenture
Trustee or the holders of Series 2025-1 Notes evidencing more than 50% of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Series 2025-1
Notes by notice then given in writing to Transferor and Servicer (and to Indenture Trustee if given by the Series 2025-1 Noteholders)
may declare that a Series Pay Out Event with respect to Series 2025-1 (a Series 2025-1 Pay Out Event)
has occurred as of the date of such notice, and, in the case of any event described in paragraphs (c), (e), (f), (g) or (h) of
this Article VI, a Series 2025-1 Pay Out Event shall occur without any notice or other action on the part of Indenture Trustee
or the Series 2025-1 Noteholders immediately upon the occurrence of such event.

ARTICLE VII

Redemption;

Final Distributions; Series Termination

Section 7.01.
Optional Redemption of Series 2025-1 Notes; Final Distributions.

(a) On
any day occurring on or after the date on which the outstanding principal balance of the Series 2025-1 Notes is reduced to 10% or
less of the initial Note Principal Balance of the Series 2025-1 Notes, Servicer shall have the option to direct Transferor to redeem
the Series 2025-1 Notes, at a purchase price equal to (i) if such day is a Distribution Date, the Reassignment Amount for such
Distribution Date or (ii) if such day is not a Distribution Date, the Reassignment Amount for the Distribution Date following such
day. This option shall not be exercisable if the purchase price (reduced by the amount on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account
available for distribution to Noteholders) exceeds the lesser of the estimated fair value, or the par value plus accrued interest, of
a portion of the Receivables in Eligible Accounts then designated to the Trust equal to the Collateral Amount.

(b) Servicer
shall give Indenture Trustee at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of the date on which Servicer intends to
direct Transferor to make such optional redemption. Not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on such day Transferor shall
deposit into the Finance Charge Account and Principal Account, as applicable, in immediately available funds the excess of the Reassignment
Amount over the amount, if any, on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account. Such redemption option is subject to payment in full
of the Reassignment Amount. Following such deposit into the Finance Charge Account and Principal Account in accordance with the foregoing,
the Collateral Amount for Series 2025-1 shall be reduced to zero and the Series 2025-1 Noteholders shall have no further security
interest in the Receivables. The Reassignment Amount shall be distributed as set forth in paragraph (d) of this Section 7.01.

48

(c) The
amount to be paid by Transferor with respect to Series 2025-1 in connection with a reassignment of Receivables to Transferor pursuant
to Section 2.04(e) of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement shall equal the Reassignment Amount for the Distribution Date related
to the Reassignment Date.

(d) With
respect to (a) the Reassignment Amount deposited into the Finance Charge Account and Principal Account pursuant to this Section 7.01
or (b) the proceeds of any sale of Receivables pursuant to Section 5.05(a)(iii) of the Indenture with respect to Series 2025-1, Indenture
Trustee shall, in accordance with the written direction of Servicer, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the
related Distribution Date, make distributions of the following amounts (in the priority set forth below and, in each case, after giving
effect to any deposits and distributions otherwise to be made on such date) in immediately available funds: (i) (x) the Class A
Note Principal Balance on such Distribution Date will be distributed to the Class A Noteholders and (y) an amount equal to
the sum of (A) Class A Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution Date, (B) any Class A Interest Shortfall for
such Distribution Date and (C) the amount of Class A Default Interest, if any, for such Distribution Date and any Class A
Default Interest previously due but not distributed to the Class A Noteholders on any prior Distribution Date, will be distributed
to the Class A Noteholders, (ii) (x) the Class B Note Principal Balance on such Distribution Date will be distributed
to the Class B Noteholders and (y) an amount equal to the sum of (A) Class B Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution
Date, (B) any Class B Interest Shortfall for such Distribution Date and (C) the amount of Class B Default Interest,
if any, for such Distribution Date and any Class B Default Interest previously due but not distributed to the Class B Noteholders
on any prior Distribution Date, will be distributed to the Class B Noteholders, (iii) (x) the Class C Note Principal
Balance on such Distribution Date will be distributed to the Class C Noteholders and (y) an amount equal to the sum of (A) Class C
Monthly Interest Payment for such Distribution Date, (B) any Class C Interest Shortfall for such Distribution Date, (C) the
amount of Class C Default Interest, if any, for such Distribution Date and any Class C Default Interest previously due but
not distributed to the Class C Noteholders on any prior Distribution Date will be distributed to the Class C Noteholders and
(iv) any excess shall be released to Issuer.

Section 7.02.
Series Termination. On the Series 2025-1 Final Maturity Date, the unpaid principal amount of the Series 2025-1
Notes shall be due and payable, and the right of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders to receive payments from Issuer will be limited solely
to the right to receive payments pursuant to Section 5.05 of the Indenture. References to the Series Termination Date in Articles
IV and V of the Indenture shall be deemed to be references to the Series 2025-1 Final Maturity Date.

49

ARTICLE VIII

Miscellaneous
Provisions

Section 8.01.
Ratification of Indenture; Amendments. As supplemented by this Indenture Supplement, the Indenture is in all respects
ratified and confirmed and the Indenture as so supplemented by this Indenture Supplement shall be read, taken and construed as one and
the same instrument. This Indenture Supplement may be amended only by a Supplemental Indenture entered in accordance with the terms of
Section 10.01 or 10.02 of the Indenture. For purposes of the application of Section 10.02 of the Indenture to any amendment
of this Indenture Supplement, the Series 2025-1 Noteholders shall be the only Noteholders whose vote shall be required. Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 10.02 of the Indenture and Section 9.01(b) of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, this Indenture
Supplement may be amended to increase the Series Servicing Fee Percentage with the consent of the Holders of Notes representing
more than 66&frac23;% of the principal balance of each Class of the Outstanding Series 2025-1 Notes and upon compliance with
the other provisions of such sections, as applicable, including satisfaction of the Series Rating Agency Condition.

Section 8.02.
Amendments to Asset Representations Review Agreement. The Indenture Trustee and each Series 2025-1 Noteholder, by its
acceptance of a Series 2025-1 Note, acknowledge that RPA Seller, Transferor, Servicer, Issuer and the Asset Representations
Reviewer may amend the Asset Representations Review Agreement, including the content of any exhibit or schedule to the Asset Representations
Review Agreement, without the consent of the Indenture Trustee or any Holders of the Series 2025-1 Notes; provided that such amendment
shall not, in the reasonable belief of Transferor, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the Series 2025-1 Noteholders
or Indenture Trustee (as evidenced by an Officers Certificate of Transferor delivered to Servicer and Indenture Trustee).

Section 8.03.
Form of Delivery of the Notes. The Class A Notes shall be Book-Entry Notes and shall be delivered as Registered
Notes to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as agent for DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as provided in Sections 2.01,
2.03 and 2.12 of the Indenture. The Class B Notes and the Class C Notes shall be Definitive Notes and shall be registered in
the Note Register in the name of the purchaser or purchasers identified in the applicable Note Purchase Agreement.

Section 8.04.
Counterparts. This Indenture Supplement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by different parties on separate
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 8.05.
Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEBRASKA, WITHOUT
REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

50

Section 8.06.
Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision herein or elsewhere, this Indenture Supplement has been
executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the
Trust, in no event shall Wilmington Trust Company, in its individual capacity, have any liability in respect of the representations,
warranties, or obligations of Issuer hereunder or under any other document, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets
of Issuer, and for all purposes of this Indenture Supplement and each other document, Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity)
shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions of the Trust Agreement.

Section 8.07.
Rights of Indenture Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, the Indenture Trustee undertakes to perform only such duties
as are specifically set forth in this Indenture Supplement, the Indenture and the other Transaction Documents and as such, shall have
no obligation or responsibility to monitor or enforce compliance with Regulation RR, nor shall it be liable to any Person for any violation
of Regulation RR; provided, that nothing in this Section 8.07 shall alter the Indenture Trustees duties, obligations or standard
of care as set forth in the Indenture, this Indenture Supplement and the other Transaction Documents. Indenture Trustee shall have herein
the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities as specified in the Indenture.

Section 8.08.
Additional Requirements for Registration of and Limitations on Transfer and Exchange of Notes.

(a) All
transfers will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the Notes, as set forth as Exhibits A-1, A-2 and A-3, as applicable.
The Class B Notes and Class C Notes may be subject to additional transfer restrictions as set forth in the applicable Note
Purchase Agreement.

(b) The
Class B Notes and Class C Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities
law. The Class B Notes and the Class C Notes will be offered and sold only to accredited investors, as defined
in Rule 501 promulgated under the Securities Act, purchasing for their own accounts or to an accredited investor purchasing
for a single account (which is an institutional accredited investor) as to which the purchaser exercises sole investment
discretion. No reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer of any Class B Notes and Class C Notes or any interest therein or
participation thereof subsequent to the initial purchase from the Transferor will be made unless such resale or transfer is made pursuant
to Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a Person whom the seller of the Class B Notes or Class C Notes reasonably believes
is a QIB purchasing for its own account or a QIB purchasing for the account of a QIB, whom the seller has informed, in each case, that
the reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer is being made in reliance Rule 144A and Transferor delivers to Indenture Trustee a
Certificate in the form of Exhibit E.

51

Section 8.09.
Notices to Rating Agencies and Indenture Trustee. (a) Where this Indenture Supplement, the Indenture or any other Transaction
Agreement provides for notice to the Rating Agencies, such notice shall be sufficiently given to each Rating Agency (unless otherwise
herein or therein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, or delivered by a national overnight
courier service, or delivered by facsimile transmission to such mailing address or facsimile number as may be provided by such Rating
Agency.

(b) Where
this Indenture Supplement, the Indenture or any other Transaction provides for notice to the Indenture Trustee, such notice shall be
sufficient for every purpose thereunder or hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed, in writing, by facsimile transmission, or by
courier or overnight delivery to its Corporate Trust Office, or any other address or through other means acceptable to Indenture Trustee
previously furnished in writing in accordance with Section 12.04 of the Indenture.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

52

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Indenture Supplement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the day and year
first above written.

FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST,
as Issuer

By Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee

By /s/
Gregory A. Marcum 

Name Gregory A. Marcum

Title Assistant Vice
President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee

By /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name Jennifer Napolitano

Title Vice
President

Acknowledged and Accepted: 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, as
Servicer 

By: /s/ Anthony
R. Cerasoli 

Name: Anthony R. Cerasoli 

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC, as
Transferor 

By: First National Funding Corporation, 

its Managing Member 

By: /s/ Anthony R. Cerasoli 

Name: Anthony R. Cerasoli 

Title: President 

EXHIBIT A-1

FORM OF

CLASS A ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON
IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY
ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT AT ANY TIME INSTITUTE AGAINST FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING CORPORATION, A NEBRASKA
BUSINESS CORPORATION (FNFC), TRANSFEROR OR ISSUER, OR SOLICIT OR JOIN OR COOPERATE WITH OR ENCOURAGE ANY INSTITUTION IN
INSTITUTING AGAINST FNFC, TRANSFEROR OR ISSUER, ANY BANKRUPTCY, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, INSOLVENCY OR LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS,
OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS UNDER ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE BANKRUPTCY OR SIMILAR LAW IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OBLIGATION RELATING
TO THE NOTES, THE INDENTURE OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS A
NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AGREES TO TREAT THE CLASS A NOTES AS INDEBTEDNESS
FOR APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL INCOME AND FRANCHISE TAX LAW AND FOR PURPOSES OF ANY OTHER TAX IMPOSED ON, OR MEASURED BY, INCOME.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS A
NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS NOT PART OF THE ISSUERS EXPANDED GROUP WITHIN THE
MEANING OF TREASURY REGULATIONS UNDER SECTION 385 OF THE CODE, OR IT HAS OBTAINED AND PROVIDED AN OPINION OF NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED
TAX COUNSEL EXPERIENCED IN SUCH MATTERS THAT UNDER THE EXISTING LAW, ITS ACQUISITION OF A NOTE WILL NOT CAUSE SECTION 385 OF
THE CODE, AND THE TREASURY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER, TO APPLY TO THE CLASS A NOTE.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS A
NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE WITH THE PLAN ASSETS OF AN EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA),
WHICH IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986,
AS AMENDED (THE CODE), WHICH IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AN ENTITY DEEMED TO HOLD THE PLAN ASSETS OF ANY
OF THE FOREGOING BY REASON OF INVESTMENT BY AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN IN SUCH ENTITY, OR A GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, NON U.S. PLAN OR
CHURCH PLAN SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE; OR (II) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE CLASS A NOTE WILL NOT GIVE RISE TO A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, NON U.S. PLAN
OR CHURCH PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR APPLICABLE LAW).

A1-2

REGISTERED $400,000,000*

No. [] CUSIP
NO. 32113CCE8

ISIN NO. US32113CCE84

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

CLASS A
ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

First National Master Note
Trust (herein referred to as Issuer), a Delaware statutory trust governed by the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement
dated as of September 23, 2016, for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, subject
to the following provisions, the principal sum of FOUR HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS, or such greater or lesser amount as determined in accordance
with the Indenture, on the February 15, 2030 Distribution Date, except as otherwise provided below or in the Indenture. Issuer will
pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at the Class A Note Interest Rate on each Distribution Date until the principal
amount of this Note is paid in full. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from and including the most recent
Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, for the initial Distribution Date, from
and including the Closing Date to but excluding such Distribution Date. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve
30-day months. Principal of this Note shall be paid in the manner specified in the Indenture Supplement referred to on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest
on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for
payment of public and private debts.

Reference is made to the
further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face
of this Note.

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of Indenture Trustee, by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture or the Indenture Supplement referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid for any purpose.

This Note has been executed
by Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in no event shall
Wilmington Trust Company, in its individual capacity, have any liability in respect of the obligations of Issuer hereunder or under any
other document, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of Issuer, and for all purposes of this Note and each other
document, Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity) shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions
of the Trust Agreement.

* Denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof.

A1-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Issuer
has caused this Class A Note to be duly executed.

FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST,
as Issuer

By Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By 

Name 

Title 

Dated: February 19, 2025

A1-4

INDENTURE
TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Class A
Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee

By 

Authorized Signatory

Dated 

A1-5

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

CLASS A
ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

Summary
of Terms and Conditions

This
Class A Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of Issuer, designated as First National Master Note Trust, Series 2025-1
(the Series 2025-1 Notes), issued under a Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture dated as of September 23,
2016 (the Master Indenture), between Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (the
Indenture Trustee), as supplemented by the Indenture Supplement dated as of February 19, 2025 (the
Indenture Supplement), and representing the right to receive certain payments from Issuer. The term Indenture,
unless the context otherwise requires, refers to the Master Indenture as supplemented by the Indenture Supplement. The Notes are subject
to all of the terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned
to them in or pursuant to the Indenture. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the Indenture and this Note, the Indenture
shall control.

The Class B Notes and
the Class C Notes will also be issued under the Indenture.

The Noteholder, by its acceptance
of this Note, agrees that it will look solely to the property of Issuer allocated to the payment of this Note for payment hereunder and
that neither Owner Trustee nor Indenture Trustee is liable to the Noteholders for any amount payable under the Notes or the Indenture
or, except in the case of Indenture Trustee as expressly provided in the Indenture, subject to any liability under the Indenture.

This Note does not purport
to summarize the Indenture and reference is made to the Indenture for the interests, rights and limitations of rights, benefits, obligations
and duties evidenced thereby, and the rights, duties and immunities of Indenture Trustee.

THIS CLASS A NOTE REPRESENTS
INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER AND IS LIMITED BY RECOURSE ONLY TO THE COLLATERAL UP TO THE COLLATERAL AMOUNT AND ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE
COLLATERAL THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR SERIES OF NOTES UNDER THE INDENTURE. THIS CLASS A NOTE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN INTEREST
IN THE ISSUER AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AN OBLIGATION OF, OR AN INTEREST IN, FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING CORPORATION,
FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC, OR ANY OTHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, AND IS NOT INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY.

Issuer, Transferor, Indenture
Trustee and any agent of Issuer, Transferor or Indenture Trustee shall treat the person in whose name this Class A Note is registered
as the owner hereof for all purposes, and neither Issuer, Transferor, Indenture Trustee nor any agent of Issuer, Transferor or Indenture
Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

THIS CLASS A NOTE SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEBRASKA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS,
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

A1-6

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or other
identifying number of assignee __________________________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto (name and address of assignee) the within certificate and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints
attorney, to transfer said certificate on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: **

Signature Guaranteed: 

** The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name
of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever.

A1-7

EXHIBIT A-2

FORM OF

CLASS B ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS PROVIDED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT. NO RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE MADE EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION PROVISIONS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS UNDER STATE BLUE SKY OR SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM SUCH
PROVISIONS. THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONDITIONS AS SET FORTH IN THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT RELATING HERETO.

THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY
ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT AT ANY TIME INSTITUTE AGAINST FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING CORPORATION, A NEBRASKA
BUSINESS CORPORATION (FNFC), TRANSFEROR OR ISSUER, OR SOLICIT OR JOIN OR COOPERATE WITH OR ENCOURAGE ANY INSTITUTION IN
INSTITUTING AGAINST FNFC, TRANSFEROR OR ISSUER, ANY BANKRUPTCY, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, INSOLVENCY OR LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS,
OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS UNDER ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE BANKRUPTCY OR SIMILAR LAW IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OBLIGATION RELATING
TO THE NOTES, THE INDENTURE OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS B
NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AGREES TO TREAT THE CLASS B NOTES AS INDEBTEDNESS
FOR APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL INCOME AND FRANCHISE TAX LAW AND FOR PURPOSES OF ANY OTHER TAX IMPOSED ON, OR MEASURED BY, INCOME.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS B
NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT IT IS NOT (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF
THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), WHICH IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A
PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4975(e)1 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), WHICH
IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (III) A GOVERNMENT PLAN, A NON-U.S. PLAN OR CHURCH PLAN, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE
OR LOCAL LAW WHICH IS, TO A MATERIAL EXTENT, SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE,
(IV) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS OR OTHER PLANS INVESTMENT
IN SUCH ENTITY, OR (V) A PERSON INVESTING PLAN ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN (INCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF CLAUSES (IV) AND
(V), ANY INSURANCE COMPANY GENERAL ACCOUNT, BUT EXCLUDING ANY ENTITY REGISTERED UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED.

REGISTERED $53,847,000*

No. [] CUSIP
NO. 32113CCF5

ISIN NO. US32113CCF59

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

CLASS B
ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

First National Master Note
Trust (herein referred to as Issuer), a Delaware statutory trust governed by a Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement
dated as of September 23, 2016, for value received, hereby promises to pay to First National Bank of Omaha, or registered assigns,
subject to the following provisions, the principal sum of FIFTY-THREE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED FORTY-SEVEN THOUSAND DOLLARS, or such greater
or lesser amount as determined in accordance with the Indenture, on the February 15, 2030 Distribution Date, except as otherwise
provided below or in the Indenture. Issuer will pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at the Class B Note Interest
Rate on each Distribution Date until the principal amount of this Note is paid in full. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution
Date from and including the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or,
for the initial Distribution Date, from and including the Closing Date to but excluding such Distribution Date. Interest will be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Principal of this Note shall be paid in the manner specified in the Indenture
Supplement referred to on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest
on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for
payment of public and private debts.

Reference is made to the
further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face
of this Note.

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of Indenture Trustee, by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture or the Indenture Supplement referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid for any purpose.

This Note has been executed
by Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in no event shall
Wilmington Trust Company, in its individual capacity, have any liability in respect of the obligations of Issuer hereunder or under any
other document, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of Issuer, and for all purposes of this Note and each other
document, Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity) shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions
of the Trust Agreement.

THIS CLASS B NOTE IS
SUBORDINATED TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO FUND PAYMENTS ON THE CLASS A NOTES TO THE EXTENT SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE SUPPLEMENT.

* Denominations of $100,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in
excess thereof.

A2-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Issuer
has caused this Class B Note to be duly executed.

FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST,
as Issuer

By Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but
solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By 

Name 

Title 

Dated: February 19, 2025

A2-3

INDENTURE
TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Class B
Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Indenture Trustee

By 

Authorized Signatory

Dated 

A2-4

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

CLASS B
ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

Summary
of Terms and Conditions

This Class B Note is
one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of Issuer, designated as First National Master Note Trust, Series 2025-1 (the Series 2025-1
Notes), issued under a Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Master Indenture),
between Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), as supplemented
by the Indenture Supplement dated as of February 19, 2025 (the Indenture Supplement), and representing the right to
receive certain payments from Issuer. The term Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, refers to the Master Indenture
as supplemented by the Indenture Supplement. The Notes are subject to all of the terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note
that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture. In the event of any conflict
or inconsistency between the Indenture and this Note, the Indenture shall control.

The Class A Notes and
the Class C Notes will also be issued under the Indenture.

The Noteholder, by its acceptance
of this Note, agrees that it will look solely to the property of Issuer allocated to the payment of this Note for payment hereunder and
that neither Owner Trustee nor Indenture Trustee is liable to the Noteholders for any amount payable under the Notes or the Indenture
or, except in the case of Indenture Trustee as expressly provided in the Indenture, subject to any liability under the Indenture.

This Note does not purport
to summarize the Indenture and reference is made to the Indenture for the interests, rights and limitations of rights, benefits, obligations
and duties evidenced thereby, and the rights, duties and immunities of Indenture Trustee.

THIS CLASS B NOTE REPRESENTS
INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER AND IS LIMITED BY RECOURSE ONLY TO THE COLLATERAL UP TO THE COLLATERAL AMOUNT AND ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE
COLLATERAL THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR SERIES OF NOTES UNDER THE INDENTURE. THIS CLASS B NOTE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN INTEREST
IN THE ISSUER AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AN OBLIGATION OF, OR AN INTEREST IN, FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING CORPORATION,
FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC, OR ANY OTHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, AND IS NOT INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY.

Issuer, Transferor, Indenture
Trustee and any agent of Issuer, Transferor or Indenture Trustee shall treat the person in whose name this Class B Note is registered
as the owner hereof for all purposes, and neither Issuer, Transferor, Indenture Trustee nor any agent of Issuer, Transferor or Indenture
Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

THIS CLASS B NOTE SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEBRASKA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS,
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

A2-5

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or other
identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto (name and address of assignee) the within certificate and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints
attorney, to transfer said certificate on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: **

Signature Guaranteed: 

** The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name
of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever.

A2-6

EXHIBIT A-3

FORM OF

CLASS C ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS PROVIDED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT. NO RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE MADE EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION PROVISIONS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS UNDER STATE BLUE SKY OR SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM SUCH
PROVISIONS. THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONDITIONS AS SET FORTH IN THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT RELATING HERETO.

THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY
ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT AT ANY TIME INSTITUTE AGAINST FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING CORPORATION, A NEBRASKA
BUSINESS CORPORATION (FNFC), TRANSFEROR OR ISSUER, OR SOLICIT OR JOIN OR COOPERATE WITH OR ENCOURAGE ANY INSTITUTION IN
INSTITUTING AGAINST FNFC, TRANSFEROR OR ISSUER, ANY BANKRUPTCY, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, INSOLVENCY OR LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS,
OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS UNDER ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE BANKRUPTCY OR SIMILAR LAW IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OBLIGATION RELATING
TO THE NOTES, THE INDENTURE OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS C
NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AGREES TO TREAT THE CLASS C NOTES AS INDEBTEDNESS
FOR APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL INCOME AND FRANCHISE TAX LAW AND FOR PURPOSES OF ANY OTHER TAX IMPOSED ON, OR MEASURED BY, INCOME.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CLASS C
NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT IT IS NOT (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF
THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), WHICH IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A
PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4975(e)1 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), WHICH
IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (III) A GOVERNMENT PLAN, A NON-U.S. PLAN OR CHURCH PLAN, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE
OR LOCAL LAW WHICH IS, TO A MATERIAL EXTENT, SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE,
(IV) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS OR OTHER PLANS INVESTMENT
IN SUCH ENTITY, OR (V) A PERSON INVESTING PLAN ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN (INCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF CLAUSES (IV) AND
(V), ANY INSURANCE COMPANY GENERAL ACCOUNT, BUT EXCLUDING ANY ENTITY REGISTERED UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED.

REGISTERED $58,975,000*

No. [] CUSIP
NO. 32113CCG3

ISIN NO. US32113CCG33

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

CLASS C
ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

First National Master Note
Trust (herein referred to as Issuer), a Delaware statutory trust governed by a Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement
dated as of September 23, 2016, for value received, hereby promises to pay to First National Bank of Omaha or registered assigns,
subject to the following provisions, the principal sum of FIFTY-EIGHT MILLION NINE HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS, or such greater
or lesser amount as determined in accordance with the Indenture, on the February 15, 2030 Distribution Date, except as otherwise
provided below or in the Indenture. Issuer will pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at the Class C Note Interest
Rate on each Distribution Date until the principal amount of this Note is paid in full. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution
Date from and including the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or,
for the initial Distribution Date, from and including the Closing Date to but excluding such Distribution Date. Interest will be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Principal of this Note shall be paid in the manner specified in the Indenture
Supplement referred to on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest
on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for
payment of public and private debts.

Reference is made to the
further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face
of this Note.

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of Indenture Trustee, by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture or the Indenture Supplement referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid for any purpose.

This Note has been executed
by Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in no event shall
Wilmington Trust Company, in its individual capacity, have any liability in respect of the obligations of Issuer hereunder or under any
other document, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of Issuer, and for all purposes of this Note and each other
document, Owner Trustee (as such or in its individual capacity) shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions
of the Trust Agreement.

THIS CLASS C NOTE IS
SUBORDINATED TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO FUND PAYMENTS ON THE CLASS A NOTES AND THE CLASS B NOTES TO THE EXTENT SPECIFIED IN
THE INDENTURE SUPPLEMENT.

* Denominations of $100,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in
excess thereof.

A3-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Issuer
has caused this Class C Note to be duly executed.

FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST,
as Issuer

By Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By 

Name 

Title 

Dated: February 19, 2025

A3-3

INDENTURE
TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Class C
Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Indenture Trustee

By 

Authorized Signatory

Dated 

A3-4

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

CLASS C
ASSET BACKED NOTE, SERIES 2025-1

Summary
of Terms and Conditions

This Class C Note is
one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of Issuer, designated as First National Master Note Trust, Series 2025-1 (the Series 2025-1
Notes), issued under a Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Master Indenture),
between Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (Indenture Trustee), as supplemented
by the Indenture Supplement dated as of February 19, 2025 (the Indenture Supplement), and representing the right to
receive certain payments from Issuer. The term Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, refers to the Master Indenture
as supplemented by the Indenture Supplement. The Notes are subject to all of the terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note
that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture. In the event of any conflict
or inconsistency between the Indenture and this Note, the Indenture shall control.

The Class A Notes and
the Class B Notes will also be issued under the Indenture.

The Noteholder, by its acceptance
of this Note, agrees that it will look solely to the property of Issuer allocated to the payment of this Note for payment hereunder and
that neither Owner Trustee nor Indenture Trustee is liable to the Noteholders for any amount payable under the Notes or the Indenture
or, except in the case of Indenture Trustee as expressly provided in the Indenture, subject to any liability under the Indenture.

This Note does not purport
to summarize the Indenture and reference is made to the Indenture for the interests, rights and limitations of rights, benefits, obligations
and duties evidenced thereby, and the rights, duties and immunities of Indenture Trustee.

THIS CLASS C NOTE REPRESENTS
INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER AND IS LIMITED BY RECOURSE ONLY TO THE COLLATERAL UP TO THE COLLATERAL AMOUNT AND ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE
COLLATERAL THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR SERIES OF NOTES UNDER THE INDENTURE. THIS CLASS C NOTE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN INTEREST
IN THE ISSUER AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AN OBLIGATION OF, OR AN INTEREST IN, FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING CORPORATION,
FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC, OR ANY OTHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, AND IS NOT INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY.

Issuer, Transferor, Indenture
Trustee and any agent of Issuer, Transferor or Indenture Trustee shall treat the person in whose name this Class C Note is registered
as the owner hereof for all purposes, and neither Issuer, Transferor, Indenture Trustee nor any agent of Issuer, Transferor or Indenture
Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

THIS CLASS C NOTE SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEBRASKA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS,
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

A3-5

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or other
identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto (name and address of assignee) the within certificate and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints
attorney, to transfer said certificate on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: **

Signature Guaranteed: 

** The signature to this assignment must
correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every particular, without
alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

A3-6

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF
MONTHLY PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS AND

NOTIFICATION TO INDENTURE TRUSTEE

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

SERIES 2025-1

The undersigned, a duly authorized
representative of First National Bank of Omaha (FNBO), as Servicer pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Transfer
and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Transfer and Servicing Agreement), among First National
Funding LLC, as transferor (Transferor), Servicer and First National Master Note Trust, as issuer (Issuer),
does hereby certify as follows:

A.Capitalized
terms used in this Certificate have their respective meanings set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture dated as
of September 23, 2016 (the Indenture), between Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture
trustee (Indenture Trustee), as supplemented by the Series 2025-1 Indenture Supplement dated as of February 19,
2025 between Issuer and Indenture Trustee (as amended and supplemented, the Indenture Supplement).

B.FNBO
is Servicer.

C.The
undersigned is an Authorized Officer of Servicer.

I.INSTRUCTION
TO MAKE [DEPOSITS AND] WITHDRAWALS ON THE TRANSFER DATE ON ,
20.

[From the aggregate Collections
wired to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Related Monthly Period on the Transfer Date, the Indenture Trustee shall make deposits
to the Series Accounts for Series 2025-1 as follows:

To the Finance Charge Account $_________

To the Principal Account $_________

[TO BE USED IF SERVICER IS PERMITTED
TO MAKE MONTHLY DEPOSITS PURSUANT TO THE TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENT.]

Pursuant to Section 4.09,
Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee to transfer from the Principal Accumulation Account to the Finance Charge Account, the
Principal Accumulation Investment Earnings on deposit in the Principal Accumulation Account, if any, for application as Available Finance
Charge Collections in the following amount[s] and to deposit Investment Earnings, if any, on the funds on deposit in the Principal Account,
the Finance Charge Account and the Distribution Account to an account designated by Servicer all on the Transfer Date specified above:

Investment Earnings from Principal

Accumulation Account to
the Finance

Charge Account $_________

Investment Earnings on Principal Account,

Finance Charge Account
and Distribution

Account to the order of Servicer $_________

Pursuant to Section 4.10,
Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee to withdraw funds from the Reserve Account, and deposit such funds, all in accordance
with Section 4.10, in the following amounts and on the Transfer Date specified above:

A. Investment
Earnings (to the extent not required for Required Reserve Account Amount) for deposit on the Transfer Date to Finance Charge Account
pursuant to Section 4.10(b) $_____________________________________

B. On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period or the Rapid Amortization Period, the Reserve Draw Amount (reduced by
amounts otherwise available under Section 4.04(a)(vii) for deposit to the Reserve Account on such Transfer Date) for deposit
into the Finance Charge Account pursuant to Section 4.10(d) $_____________________________________

C. Reserve
Account Surplus, after giving effect to all deposits to and withdrawals from the Reserve Account with respect to the Transfer Date,
for deposit to the Spread Account to the extent required to meet Required Spread Account Amount, pursuant to Section 4.10(e) $_____________________________________

D. Remaining
Reserve Account Surplus, if any, for distribution to the Holder of the Transferor Interest, pursuant to Section 4.10(e) $_____________________________________

B-2

E. On
(i) Transfer Date preceding Expected Principal Payment Date, (ii) first Transfer Date relating to Rapid Amortization Period
or (iii) termination of the Trust pursuant to Article VII of the Trust Agreement, after all payments set forth above, all
remaining funds, for deposit to the Spread Account to the extent required to meet Required Spread Account Amount, pursuant to Section 4.10(f) $_____________________________________

F. After
application pursuant to (E)

above, all remaining funds for

distribution to the Holder of the

Transferor Interest, pursuant to

Section 4.10(f) $_____________________________________

Pursuant to Section 4.11,
Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee to withdraw funds from the Spread Account, and deposit such funds, all in accordance
with Section 4.11, in the following amounts and on the Transfer Date specified above:

A. On
the earlier of the Series Termination Date and the day after acceleration of the Notes following an Event of Default, for deposit
of the Available Spread Account Amount to the Distribution Account to pay principal, pursuant to Section 4.11(e) $_____________________________________

B. On
any Transfer Date, for deposit to the Distribution Account, pursuant to Section 4.11(c), to the extent required for the deposit
to be made pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(iv) (reduced by Available Finance Charge Collections used for such deposit and using
Investment Earnings on the Spread Account, if needed) $_____________________________________

B-3

C. When
the Principal Balance of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes has been paid in full, for deposit to the Distribution
Account, pursuant to Section 4.11(d), to the extent required to reduce Class C Note Principal Balance to zero, and using
Investment Earnings on Spread Account, if needed $_____________________________________

D. On
any Transfer Date, Investment Earning on the Spread Account, after application above, to the extent not required to maintain
Required Spread Account Amount pursuant to Section 4.11(f), for distribution to the Holder of the Transferor Interest, pursuant
to Section 4.11(b) $_____________________________________

E. On
any Transfer Date, after application above, excess over Required Spread Account Amount for deposit to the Finance Charge Account
for application as Available Finance Charge Collections pursuant to Section 4.11(g) $_____________________________________

Pursuant to Section 4.04,
Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee (i) to make withdrawals from the Finance Charge Account on the Transfer Date specified
above, in an aggregate amount equal to the Available Finance Charge Collections, as set forth below and (ii) to apply the proceeds
of such withdrawals in accordance with Section 4.04(a):

A. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(i), for deposit to the Distribution Account: 

Class A
Monthly Interest Payment for the related Interest Period $_____________________________________

Class A
Interest Shortfall due to Class A Noteholders $_____________________________________

Class A
Default Interest for the related Distribution Date $_____________________________________

Class A
Default Interest previously due but not distributed to Class A Noteholders $_____________________________________

B-4

B. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(ii), for deposit to the Distribution Account: 

Class B
Monthly Interest Payment for the related Interest Period $_____________________________________

Class B
Interest Shortfall due to Class B Noteholders $_____________________________________

Class B
Default Interest for the related Distribution Date $_____________________________________

Class B
Default Interest previously due but 

not distributed to Class B Noteholders $_____________________________________

C. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(iii), for distribution to the Servicer: 

Noteholder
Servicing Fee for the related Distribution Date, plus the amount of any Noteholder Servicing Fee previously due but not distributed
to Servicer on a prior Distribution Date $_____________________________________

D. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(iv), for 

deposit into the Distribution Account: 

Class C
Monthly Interest Payment for the preceding Interest Period $_____________________________________

Class C
Interest Shortfall due to 

Class C Noteholders $_____________________________________

Class C
Default Interest for the related

Distribution Date $_____________________________________

Class C
Default Interest previously due but 

not distributed to Class C Noteholders $_____________________________________

B-5

E. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(v), for

deposit to the Principal Account: 

Investor
Default Amount to be treated as Available Principal Collections $_____________________________________

Uncovered
Dilution Amount for the related Distribution Date to be treated as Available Principal Collections $_____________________________________

F. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(vi), for

deposit to the Principal Account: 

Investor
Charge Offs and the amount of Reallocated Principal Collections not previously reimbursed to be treated as Available Principal Collections $_____________________________________

G. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(vii): 

Amount
to be deposited into the Reserve Account (on and after Reserve Account Funding Date) $_____________________________________

H. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(viii): 

Amounts
to be deposited into the Spread Account $_____________________________________

I. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(ix): 

The
balance will constitute Excess Finance Charge Collections for the related 

Distribution Date (See III below) $_____________________________________

B-6

Pursuant to Section 4.04(b) and
(c), Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee (i) to make withdrawals from the Principal Account on the Transfer Date specified
above, in an aggregate amount equal to Available Principal Collections, as set forth below, and (ii) to apply the proceeds of such
withdrawals in accordance with Section 4.04(b) and (c):

A. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(b): 

During
the Revolving Period, an amount equal to the Available Principal Collections (including amounts withdrawn from the Finance Charge
Account pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(v) and (vi) and excluding Reallocated Principal Collections) to be treated as
Excess Principal Collections and applied in accordance with Section 4.08 (See III below) $_____________________________________

B. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(c)(i): 

On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Accumulation Period, Monthly Principal for such Transfer Date to be deposited into the Principal
Accumulation Account $_____________________________________

C. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(c)(ii): 

On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, Monthly Principal for such Transfer Date to be deposited to the
Distribution Account for payment to the Class A Noteholders on the related Distribution Date until an aggregate amount equal
to the Class A Note Principal Balance has been so deposited $_____________________________________

B-7

D. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(c)(iii): 

On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, after giving effect to Clause (C) above, remaining Monthly
Principal, if any, to be deposited to the Distribution Account for payment to the Class B Noteholders on the related Distribution
Date until an aggregate amount equal to the Class B Note Principal Balance has been so deposited $_____________________________________

E. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(c)(iv): 

On
each Transfer Date with respect to the Rapid Amortization Period, after giving effect to Clause (D) above, remaining Monthly
Principal, if any, to be deposited to the Distribution Account for payment to the Class C Noteholders, on the related Distribution
Date until an aggregate amount equal to the Class C Note Principal Balance has been so deposited $_____________________________________

F. Pursuant
to Section 4.04(c)(v): 

Available
Principal Collections, if any, remaining after giving effect to Clauses (B) through (E) above, to be treated as Excess
Principal Collections $_____________________________________

Pursuant to Section 4.06,
Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee (i) to make a withdrawal from the Principal Account on the Transfer Date specified
above, as set forth below and (ii) to apply the proceeds of such withdrawal in accordance with Section 4.06:

Reallocated
Principal Collections, up to the amount required to fund any deficiency pursuant to and in the priority set forth in Section 4.04(a)(i),(ii) and
(iii) of the Indenture Supplement (after application of Excess Finance Charge Collections from other Series and amounts
available from the Reserve Account) to be deposited to the Distribution Account for payment to the Class A and Class B
Noteholders or distributed to the Servicer as set forth below $_____________________________________

$to Distribution Account 

$to Servicer 

B-8

II.INSTRUCTIONS
TO MAKE CERTAIN PAYMENTS ON THE DISTRIBUTION DATE ON ,
20.

Pursuant to Section 5.02,
Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee or Paying Agent, as the case may be, to pay in accordance with Section 5.02 from
the Distribution Account or the Principal Accumulation Account, as applicable, on the Distribution Date specified above, the following
amounts:

A. Pursuant
to 5.02(a): 

(1) Class A
Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such
Distribution Date to pay interest on the Class A Notes pursuant to the Indenture Supplement $_____________________________________

(2) Class A
Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such
Distribution Date to pay principal of the Class A Notes pursuant to the Indenture Supplement $_____________________________________

B. Pursuant
to Section 5.02(b): 

(1) Class B
Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such
Distribution Date to pay interest on the Class B Notes pursuant to the Indenture Supplement $_____________________________________

(2) Class B
Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such
Distribution Date to pay principal of the Class B Notes pursuant to the Indenture Supplement $_____________________________________

B-9

C. Pursuant
to Section 5.02(c): 

(1) Class C
Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such
Distribution Date to pay interest on the Class C Notes pursuant to the Indenture Supplement, including amounts withdrawn from
the Spread Account $_____________________________________

(2) Class C
Noteholders pro rata share of the amounts on deposit in the Distribution Account that are allocated and available on such
Distribution Date to pay principal of the Class C Notes pursuant to the Indenture Supplement $_____________________________________

B-10

III.EXCESS
AMOUNTS.

Pursuant to Section 4.07
and Section 8.06 of the Indenture, Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee to apply Excess Finance Charge Collections from
all Series in Group One in the following amounts and priorities on the Transfer Date specified above:

A. Aggregate
Excess Finance Charge Collections, by Series: 

Series [] $_____________________________________

Series [] $_____________________________________

Total $_____________________________________

B. Allocated
to finance charge shortfalls: 

Series [] $_____________________________________

Series [] $_____________________________________

Total $_____________________________________

C. Allocated
to excess servicing fees: 

Series [ ] $_____________________________________

Series [ ] $_____________________________________

Total $_____________________________________

D. Remainder
distributed to Holder of Transferor Interest $_____________________________________

Pursuant to Section 4.08
and Sections 8.03 and 8.05 of the Indenture, Servicer does hereby instruct Indenture Trustee to apply Excess Principal Collections
from all Principal Sharing Series in Group One and, if needed, amounts on deposit in the Excess Funding Account, in the following
amounts and priorities on the related Distribution Date:

A. Aggregate
Excess Principal Collections, by Series: 

Series [] $_____________________________________

Series [] $_____________________________________

Total $_____________________________________

B-11

B. Allocated
to principal shortfalls and deposited to the related Series Account: 

Series [] $_____________________________________

Series [] $_____________________________________

Total $_____________________________________

C. Allocated
to variable funding series principal payments at Transferors direction: 

Series [ ] $_____________________________________

Series [ ] $_____________________________________

Total $_____________________________________

D. Deposited
to Excess Funding Account to maintain Minimum Transferor Interest and Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables $_____________________________________

E. Remainder
distributed to Holder of Transferor Interest $_____________________________________

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has duly executed this certificate this day
of ,
20.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, as Servicer

By 

Name 

Title 

B-12

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF
monthly REPORT TO NOTEHOLDERS

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER note TRUST SERIES 2025-1

MONTH ENDING: [__________________]

The undersigned, a duly authorized
representative of First National Bank of Omaha (FNBO), as Servicer pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Transfer
and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Transfer and Servicing Agreement), among First National
Funding LLC, as transferor (Transferor), Servicer and First National Master Note Trust, as issuer (Issuer),
does hereby certify as follows:

(a)The
rights of the Issuer under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement have been assigned to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as indenture trustee (Indenture Trustee), under the Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture, dated as of September 23,
2016 (the Indenture), by and between Issuer and Indenture Trustee, and acknowledged by Transferor and Servicer, as supplemented
by the Series 2025-1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 19, 2025, by and between Issuer and Indenture Trustee, and
acknowledged by Transferor and Servicer (the Supplement). Capitalized terms used in this report have their respective meanings
set forth in the Supplement or Indenture, as applicable. References herein to certain sections and paragraphs are references to the respective
sections and paragraphs of the Supplement. This report is delivered pursuant to Section 5.03(a) of the Supplement.

(b)FNBO
is the Servicer under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement.

(c)The
undersigned is a Servicing Officer.

(d)With
respect to this Certificate:

The Monthly Period is: 

The Determination Date is: 

The Record Date is: 

The Transfer Date is: 

The Distribution Date is: 

The Controlled Accumulation Date is: 

The Interest Period begins: 

The Interest Period ends: 

Number of days in Interest Period: 

[Show by class if different]

(e)To
the knowledge of the undersigned, there are no Liens on any Receivables in the Trust except as described below:

[If applicable, insert None.]

(f)To
the knowledge of the undersigned, no Series 2025-1 Pay Out Event and no Trust Pay Out Event has occurred except as described below:

[If applicable, insert None.]

(g)As
of the date hereof the Available Spread Account Amount equals the Required Spread Account Amount and if the Reserve Account Funding Date
has occurred, the Available Reserve Account Amount equals the Required Reserve Account Amount.

A. INFORMATION REGARDING THE PERFORMANCE OF THE RECEIVABLES

1. Number of Accounts at Beginning of Monthly Period 

Number of Accounts at End of Monthly Period 

Average Account Balance at End of Monthly Period 

2. Principal Receivables 

(a) Beginning of Monthly Period 

(b) End of Monthly Period 

(c) Average Principal Receivables at
End of Monthly Period 

3. Increase in Principal Receivables from Account Additions 

Increase in Finance Charge Receivables from Account Additions 

Increase in Total Receivables from Account Additions 

4. Decrease in Principal Receivables from Removed Accounts 

Decrease in Finance Charge Receivables from Removed Accounts 

Decrease in Total Receivables from Removed Accounts 

5. Delinquent Balances 

Delinquency

Category Aggregate
Account

Balance Percentage
of

Total Receivables 

(a) 30 to 59 days $ % 

(b) 60 to 89 days $ % 

(c) 90 to 119 days $ % 

(d) 120 to 149 days $ % 

(e) 150 or more days $ % 

Total: $ % 

6. Aggregate amount of Collections 

(a) Total Collections 

(b) Total Principal Collections 

(c) Total Finance Charge Collections 

(d) Aggregate Allocation Percentages
for Outstanding Series 

(e) Aggregate Allocation Percentages
of Principal Collections 

(f) Aggregate Allocation Percentages
of Finance Charge Collections 

7. Aggregate amount of Principal Receivables
in Accounts which became Defaulted Accounts during the Monthly Period 

8. Servicer Interchange 

C-2

9. The aggregate amount of Finance Charge
Collections for the Receivables Trust for the Monthly Period 

(a) Interchange 

(b) Recoveries 

(c) Finance Charges and Fees 

(d) Discount Receivables 

Total 

10. Aggregate Uncovered Dilution Amount
for the Monthly Period 

11. End of Monthly Period Trust Receivables 

B. OUTSTANDING
SECURITIES INFORMATION (TRUST LEVEL)

1. Outstanding principal balance of
all securities secured by pool assets (sum of all Series) 

(a) At end of prior Distribution Date 

(b) Increase due to new securities issued 

(c) Decrease due to principal payments 

(d) Increases in variable securities 

(e) Decreases in variable securities 

(f) At end of Distribution Date 

C. INFORMATION REGARDING THE SERIES 2025-1 NOTES

1. Collateral Amount at the close of
business on the prior Distribution Date 

(a) Reductions due to Investor Charge-Offs
(including Uncovered Dilution Amounts) made on the Distribution Date 

(b) Reimbursements to be made on the Distribution Date from Available Finance Charge
Collections 

(c) Collateral Amount at the close of business on the Distribution Date 

2. Note Principal Balance at the close
of business on the prior Distribution Date 

(a) Class A Note Principal Balance 

(b) Class B Note Principal Balance 

(c) Class C Note Principal Balance 

Total Note Principal Balance 

3. Series Allocation Percentages
for the Monthly Period 

(a) Principal Collections 

(b) Finance Charge Collections 

(c) Default Amounts 

4. Investor Principal Collections processed
during the Monthly Period and allocated to the Series 

5. Excess Principal Collections available
from other Group One Series allocated to the Series 

C-3

6. Aggregate amounts treated as Available
Principal Collections pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(v) and (vi) 

7. Reallocated Principal Collections
(up to the Monthly Principal Reallocation Amount) applied pursuant to Section 4.06 

8. AVAILABLE PRINCIPAL COLLECTIONS
(4+5+6-7) 

9. Principal Accumulation Investment
Earnings 

10. Investor Finance Charge Collections
(including Interchange and Recoveries) processed during the Monthly Period 

11. Excess Finance Charge Collections
from Group One allocated to the Series 

12. Reserve Account withdrawals pursuant
to Section 4.10(b) or (d) 

13. Excess amounts from Spread Account
treated as Available Finance Charge Collections pursuant to Section 4.11(g) 

14. AVAILABLE FINANCE CHARGE
COLLECTIONS (9+10+11+12+13) 

15. Available Finance Charge Collections
were allocated in the following priority: 

(a) to Class A Noteholders, 

Class A Monthly Interest 

Class A Interest Shortfall 

Class A Default Amount 

Class A Default Amount previously due but not
distributed 

Total 

(b) to Class B Noteholders, 

Class B Monthly Interest 

Class B Interest Shortfall 

Class B Default Amount 

Class B Default Amount previously due but not
distributed 

Total 

(c) to Servicer, the Noteholder Servicing
Fee 

(after adjustment for Servicer Interchange shortfall,
if any) 

(d) to Class C Noteholders, 

Class C Monthly Interest 

Class C Interest Shortfall 

Class C Default Amount 

Class C Default Amount previously due but not
distributed 

Total 

C-4

(e) Investor Default Amount and Uncovered
Dilution Amount were included in Available Principal Collections 

(f) Investor Charge-Offs and Reallocated
Principal Collections not previously reimbursed were included in Available Principal Collections 

(g) to Reserve Account, excess of Required
Reserve Account Amount over the Available Reserve Account Amount 

(h) to Spread Account, excess of Required
Spread Account Amount over Available Spread Account Amount 

(i) balance constitutes Excess Finance
Charge Collections 

16. Available Principal Charge Collections
were allocated in the following priority: 

(a) during Revolving Period, treated
as Excess Principal Collections 

(b) with respect to Accumulation Period, 

(i) Monthly Principal deposited to Principal
Accumulation Account 

(ii) balance treated as Excess Principal
Collections 

(c) with respect to Rapid Amortization
Period, 

(i) Monthly Principal to Class A
Noteholders up to Class A Note Principal Balance 

(ii) Monthly Principal to Class B
Noteholders up to Class B Note Principal Balance 

(iii) Monthly Principal to Class C
Noteholders up to Class C Note Principal Balance 

(iv) balance treated as Excess Principal
Collections 

C-5

17. Excess funds were allocated in the
following order of priority: 

(a) Excess Finance Charge Collections, 

(i) to other Excess Allocation Series in
Group One, for finance charge shortfalls 

(ii) to the Successor Servicer, for
unpaid excess servicing fees 

For this Series 

For other Series 

(iii) the balance to Holder of Transferor
Interest 

(b) Excess Principal Collections, 

(i) to other Excess Allocation Series in
Group One, for principal shortfalls 

(ii) applied as principal for variable
funding Certificates or Notes in Group One 

(iii) the balance to Holder of Transferor
Interest 

18. Principal Receivables in Accounts
which became Defaulted Accounts during the Monthly Period which were allocated to the Series 

(a) Default Amount 

(b) Allocation Percentage (C.3.(c) above) 

(c) Total Investor Default Amount (axb) 

19. Uncovered Dilution Amount allocated
to the Series for the Monthly Period 

(a) Dilutions not covered by Transferor 

(b) Allocation Percentage (C.3(c) above) 

(c) Total Uncovered Dilution Amount
(axb) 

20. Investor Charge-Offs (including
any Uncovered Dilution Amount not covered by Transferor) for the Monthly Period 

21. Ratings of the Class A Notes 

Moodys 

Fitch 

22. Note Interest Rate for the Monthly Period 

(a) Class A Note Interest Rate 

(b) Class B Note Interest Rate 

(c) Class C Note Interest Rate 

23. Ending Note Principal Balance on
the Distribution Date, after taking into account distributions on the Notes: 

(a) Class A Note Principal Balance 

(b) Class B Note Principal Balance 

(c) Class C Note Principal Balance 

Total Note Principal Balance 

C-6

D. QUARTERLY NET YIELD

[ 
] 

Monthly Period [ 
]

Monthly Period [ 
]

Monthly Period 

Yield [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

Less Investor Default Amt (18c) [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

Less Uncovered Dilution Amt (19c) [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

(a) Portfolio Yield [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

Monthly Interest [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

Plus Noteholder Servicing Fee [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

(b) Base
Rate [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

(a)(b) = Net Yield Percentage [ ]% [ ]% [ ]% 

Quarterly Net Yield
for Distribution Date [ ]%

E. INFORMATION REGARDING THE PRINCIPAL ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT

1. Opening Principal Accumulation Account Balance on the
Distribution Date 

2. Controlled Deposit Amount to be deposited
to the Principal Accumulation Account on the Distribution Date 

(a) Controlled Accumulation Amount 

(b) Accumulation Shortfall 

(c) Controlled Deposit Amount (a+b) 

3. Amounts withdrawn from the Principal
Accumulation Account for distribution to Noteholders on the Distribution Date 

(a) Distribution in reduction of the
Class A Notes 

(b) Distribution in reduction of the Class B Notes 

(c) Distribution in reduction of the Class C Notes 

4. Principal Accumulation Account ending
balance after deposit/withdrawal on the Distribution Date 

F. INFORMATION
REGARDING THE SPREAD ACCOUNT

1. Opening Available Spread Account
Amount on the Distribution Date 

2. Aggregate amount required to be withdrawn
pursuant to Section 4.11(c) for distribution to Class C Noteholders pursuant
to Section 4.04(a)(iv) 

3. Aggregate amount required to be withdrawn
pursuant to Section 4.11(d) or Section 4.11(e) for distribution in reduction
of the Class C Note Principal Balance 

4. Spread Account Percentage for the
Distribution Date 

5. Closing Required Spread Account Amount
for the Distribution Date 

C-7

6. Amount on deposit in Spread Account
after required withdrawals on the Distribution Date (1-(2+3)) 

7. Spread Account Deficiency, if any
(5 minus 6) 

8. Amounts deposited pursuant to Section 4.04(a)(viii) and
Section 4.10(e) 

9. Remaining Spread Account Deficiency,
if any (7 minus 8) 

10. Spread Account Surplus, if any (6
minus 5), included in Available Finance Charge Collections 

G. INFORMATION REGARDING THE RESERVE ACCOUNT

1. Reserve Account Funding Date 

2. Opening Available Reserve Account
Amount on the Distribution Date 

3. Aggregate amount required to be withdrawn
pursuant to Section 4.10(d) for inclusion in Available Finance Charge Collections: 

(a) Covered Amount 

(b) Principal Accumulation Investment Earnings 

(c) Reserve Draw Amount (a MINUS b) 

4. Required Reserve Account Amount 

5. Reserve Account Surplus (4-(2-3)) 

H. INFORMATION REGARDING ACCUMULATION PERIOD

1. Accumulation Period Length (months) 

2. Controlled Accumulation Amount 

(as recalculated, if Accumulation Period Length is shortened pursuant to
Section 4.13) 

C-8

IN WITNESS thereof, the undersigned
has duly executed and delivered this Certificate the day of ,
20.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, Servicer

By 

Name 

Title 

C-9

ATTACHMENT
1

To

FORM OF MONTHLY REPORT TO NOTEHOLDERS

SERVICERS
CERTIFICATE

The undersigned, a duly authorized
representative of First National Bank of Omaha (FNBO), as Servicer pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Transfer
and Servicing Agreement dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Transfer and Servicing Agreement), by and between FNBO,
as Servicer, First National Funding LLC, as transferor (Transferor) and First National Master Note Trust, as issuer (Issuer),
does hereby certify as follows:

1. The Transferor Interest is less than
Minimum Transferor Interest [Yes][No]

(a) Transferor Interest as of the end
of the Related Monthly Period 

(b) Minimum Transferor Interest as of
the end of the Related Monthly Period 

2. The Aggregate Principal Receivables
is less than the Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables [Yes][No]

(a) Aggregate Principal Receivables
as of the end of the Related Monthly Period 

(b) Minimum Aggregate Principal Receivables
as of the end of the Related Monthly Period 

3. Are there any
material modifications, extensions or waivers to pool asset terms, fees, penalties or payments?
(If the answer is Yes, please describe.) [Yes][No]

4. Are there any
material breaches of representations and warranties relating to the pool assets or material
breaches of covenants under the Transaction Documents? (If the answer is Yes,
please describe.) [Yes][No]

5. Are there any
material changes in the solicitation, credit-granting, underwriting, origination, acquisition
or pool selection criteria or procedures, as applicable, used to originate, acquire or select
the new pool assets? (If the answer is Yes, please describe.) [Yes][No]

6. Are there any
material changes to the pool assets? (If the answer is Yes, please describe.) [Yes][No]

IN WITNESS thereof, the undersigned
has duly executed and delivered this Certificate the day of ,
20.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, Servicer

By 

Name 

Title 

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF
MONTHLY SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

FIRST
NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST, SERIES 2025-1

The undersigned, a duly authorized
representative of First National Bank of Omaha (FNBO), as Servicer pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Transfer
and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Transfer and Servicing Agreement), among First National
Funding LLC, as transferor (Transferor), FNBO, as Servicer and First National Master Note Trust, as issuer (Issuer),
does hereby certify as follows:

1.Capitalized
terms used in this Certificate have their respective meanings set forth in the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or the Second Amended
and Restated Master Indenture dated as of September 23, 2016 (the Master Indenture), between Issuer and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (Indenture Trustee), as supplemented by the Series 2025-1
Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 19, 2025, between Issuer and Indenture Trustee (as amended and supplemented, the Indenture
Supplement) and together with the Master Indenture, the Indenture), as applicable.

2.FNBO
is, as of the date hereof, Servicer under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement.

3.The
undersigned is an Authorized Officer of Servicer.

4.This
Certificate relates to the Distribution Date occurring on ,
20.

5.As
of the date hereof, to the best knowledge of the undersigned, Servicer has performed in all material respects all of its obligations
under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture through the Monthly Period preceding such Distribution Date [or, if there
has been a default in the performance of any such obligation, set forth in detail the (i) nature of such default, (ii) the
action taken by Servicer, if any, to remedy such default and (iii) the current status of each such default]; if applicable, insert
None.

6.As
of the date hereof, to the best knowledge of the undersigned, no Pay Out Event occurred on or prior to such Distribution Date.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has duly executed and delivered this Certificate this day of ,
20.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA, as Servicer

By 

Name 

Title 

D-2

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF
INVESTOR CERTIFICATION

[DATE]

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

as Indenture Trustee

60 Livingston Avenue 

EP-MN-WS3D 

St. Paul, MN 55107

Attn: Bondholder Services

Re: First National Master Note Trust,
Series 2025-1

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the issuance
of the First National Master Note Trust, Class [B] [C] Note, Series 2025-1 (the Notes), we confirm that:

1. We
agree to be bound by the restrictions and conditions set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture, dated as of September 23,
2016, as supplemented by the Series 2025-1 Indenture Supplement thereto, dated as of February 19, 2025 (collectively, the Indenture),
each by and between First National Master Note Trust, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee
(the Trustee), and agree to be bound thereby, and not reoffer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer (any such act, a Transfer)
the Notes except in compliance with such restrictions and conditions.

2. We
understand that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or any state securities law. We further agree and understand that the Notes may be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise
transferred only in compliance with the Securities Act and other applicable laws and (i) when pursuant to a transaction complying
with the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act only to a person that we reasonably believe is a qualified institutional
buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A (a QIB) purchasing for its own account or a QIB purchasing for the account of
a QIB, whom we have informed, in each case, that the reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A
or (ii) to an accredited investor, as defined in Rule 501 promulgated under the Securities Act, purchasing for
its own account or to an accredited investor purchasing for a single account (which is an institutional "accredited
investor") as to which the purchaser exercises sole investment discretion.

3. We
are [a QIB purchasing for our own account] [a QIB purchasing for the account of a QIB] [an accredited investor acquiring
the Notes for our own account or for a single account which is an institutional accredited investor as to which we exercise
sole investment discretion]. We have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of our investment in the Notes, and we and any account for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic risk
of our or its investment.

4. We
are acquiring the Notes purchased by us for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any
distribution in violation of the Securities Act.

5. We
hereby agree that we will not resell or otherwise transfer the Notes or any interest therein unless the purchaser thereof provides or
has provided to the addressee hereof a letter substantially in the form hereof. We further understand that, on any proposed resale, pledge
or transfer of any Notes, we will be required to furnish to the Trustee and the Registrar such certification and other information as
the Trustee or the Registrar may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions and with
the restrictions and conditions of the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued. We further understand that Notes
purchased by us will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

6. We
are not (i) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to the provisions of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan described
in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), which is subject to Section 4975
of the Code, (iii) a governmental plan, a non-U.S. plan or church plan, subject to any federal, state or local law which is, to
a material extent, similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (iv) an entity whose
underlying assets include plan assets by reason of an employee benefit plans or other plans investment in such entity,
or (v) a person investing plan assets of any such plan (including, for purposes of clauses (iv) and (v),
any insurance company general account, but excluding any entity registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended). [For
Class B Notes][For Class C Notes]

7. The
person signing this letter on behalf of the ultimate beneficial purchaser of the Notes has been duly authorized by such beneficial purchaser
of the Notes to do so, and this letter has been duly executed and delivered and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the purchaser, enforceable against the purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws or equitable principles affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and general principles of equity.

You are entitled to rely
upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative
or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[Name of Purchaser]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254760d6_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

RISK RETENTION AGREEMENT

THIS
RISK RETENTION AGREEMENT, dated as of February 19, 2025 (this Agreement), by and among FIRST NATIONAL
BANK OF OMAHA, a national banking association (FNBO), FIRST NATIONAL FUNDING LLC, a Nebraska limited liability
company (the Transferor) and FIRST NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, FNBO and the Transferor
have entered into a Second Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified, the Receivables Purchase Agreement) and as acknowledged and accepted by U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee (the Indenture Trustee), pursuant to which FNBO sells to the Transferor
certain Receivables arising in specified Accounts owned by FNBO;

WHEREAS,
the Transferor, FNBO, in its capacity as Servicer (the Servicer), and the Issuer have entered into a Second Amended and
Restated Transfer and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement) and as acknowledged and accepted by the Indenture Trustee, pursuant to
which the Transferor transfers Receivables to the Issuer and the Issuer has engaged the Servicer to administer the Receivables;

WHEREAS,
the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee have entered into a Second Amended and Restated Master Indenture, dated as of September 23,
2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Master Indenture), and as acknowledged and accepted
by the Transferor and the Servicer, pursuant to which the Issuer has issued and may from time to time issue notes; and

WHEREAS,
the Transferor intends to cause the Issuer to issue Class A Asset Backed Notes, Series 2025-1 (the Class A Notes)
pursuant to the Master Indenture and a Series 2025-1 Indenture Supplement, dated as of February 19, 2025 (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Indenture Supplement), between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee and
as acknowledged and accepted by the Transferor and the Servicer.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby
agreed by and between FNBO, the Transferor and the Issuer, as follows:

1. Definitions.
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in Appendix A to the Master Indenture or
the Indenture Supplement, as applicable. The following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:

Applicable Investor
means, as the context may require, an EU Applicable Investor and/or a UK Applicable Investor.

EEA
means the European Economic Area.

EU means
the European Union.

EUWA
means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended, varied, superseded or substituted from time to time.

EU CRR
means either Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended.

EU
Applicable Investor means an institutional investor as defined in the EU Securitization Regulation and
which includes: (a) an insurance undertaking or a reinsurance undertaking as defined in Directive 2009/138/EC, as amended, known
as Solvency II, (b) with certain exceptions, an institution for occupational retirement provision falling within the scope of Directive
(EU) 2016/2341, or an investment manager or an authorized entity appointed by such an institution for occupational retirement provision
pursuant to that Directive, (c) an alternative investment fund manager as defined in Directive 2011/61/EU that manages and/or markets
alternative investment funds in the EU, (d)(i) an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS)
management company as defined in the UCITS Directive, or an internally managed UCITS, which is an investment company that is authorized
in accordance with that Directive and has not designated such a management company for its management, and (e) a credit institution
or an investment firm as defined in the EU CRR and certain consolidated affiliates, wherever established or located, of entities subject
to the EU CRR.

EU Due Diligence
and Risk Retention Rules means, with respect to this Agreement, Articles 5 and 6 of EU Securitization Regulation, together
with any relevant regulatory technical standards adopted by the European Commission and any guidance published by the European Union
supervisory authorities with respect thereto or to precedent legislation (together, EU delegated regulations and guidance),
each as in effect and applicable on the date the Class A Notes are issued.

EU Securitization
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of December 12, 2017.

European Commission
means the European Commission, an institution of the European Union.

UCITS Directive
means either Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 13, 2009, as amended or the same as implemented
in the laws of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 or otherwise (as applicable).

UK means
the United Kingdom.

2

UK
Applicable Investor means an institutional investor as defined in regulation 3(1) of the SR 2024
and Chapter 1 of the PRA Securitisation Rules and which includes (a) an insurance undertaking as defined in section 417(1) of
the FSMA, (b) a reinsurance undertaking as defined in section 417(1) of the FSMA, (c) the trustees or managers of an occupational
pension scheme as defined in section 1(1) of the Pensions Schemes Act 1993 that also has its main administration in the UK, (d) a
fund manager of an occupational pension scheme appointed under section 34(2) of the Pensions Act 1995 that, in respect of activity
undertaken pursuant to that appointment, is authorised for the purposes of section 31 of the FSMA, (e) an AIFM as defined in regulation
4(1) of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (i) with permission under Part 4A of the FSMA in respect
of the activity specified by article 51ZC of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 and (ii) which
markets or manages AIFs (as defined in regulation 3 of those Regulations) in the UK, (f) a small registered UK AIFM, (g) a
management company as defined in section 237(2) of the FSMA, (h) a UCITS as defined by section 236A of the FSMA which is an
authorised open ended investment company as defined in section 237(3) of the FSMA (i) a CRR firm as defined in Article 4(1)(2A)
of the UK CRR, and (j) an FCA investment firm as defined by Article 4(1)(2AB) of the UK CRR and certain consolidated affiliates,
wherever established or located, of entities subject to the UK CRR.

UK
CRR means, Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA, as amended.

UK Due Diligence
Rules means SECN 4 (the FCA Due Diligence Rules), Article 5 of Chapter 2 of the PRA Securitisation
Rules (the PRA Due Diligence Rules) and regulations 32B, 32C and 32D of the Securitisation Regulations 2024
(SI 2024/102) (the OPS Due Diligence Rules).

UK Due Diligence
and Risk Retention Rules means collectively the UK Due Diligence Rules and the UK Retention Rules.

UK Risk Retention
Rules means SECN 5 (the FCA Risk Retention Rules), Article 6 of Chapter 2 and Chapter 4 of the PRA
Securitization Rules (the PRA Risk Retention Rules).

UK
Securitisation Framework means the UK Securitisation Regulations 2024 (SI 2024/102) (as amended, the SR 2024),
the Securitisation Part of the rulebook of published policy of the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) (the
PRA Securitisation Rules) and the securitisation sourcebook of the handbook of rules and guidance adopted by
the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) (SECN), together with the relevant provisions of
the UK's Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, FSMA).

1. Representations.
FNBO represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (solely for the benefit of the Applicable Investors) that as of
the date hereof:

(a) FNBO
has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform the terms and provisions hereof;

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not require
any approval or consent of any governmental agency or authority; and

(c) This
Agreement is the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of FNBO, except as the same may be limited by receivership, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general equity principles.

3

2. Covenants.
With reference to each of the EU Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules and the UK Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules, FNBO
hereby confirms, represents and warrants to and agrees with, and irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee, solely for the benefit of each Applicable Investor, on an ongoing basis, so long as any Class A Note remains Outstanding:

(a) FNBO,
as originator, within the meaning of (i) Article 2(3)(a) of the EU Securitization Regulation and (ii) Regulation
3(1) of the SR 2024 and Chapter 1 of the PRA Securitisation Rules, for the purposes of each of the EU Securitization Regulation
and the UK Securitisation Framework, currently retains, and on an ongoing basis will retain, a material net economic interest that is
not less than five percent of the nominal value of the securitized exposures (measured at origination), in a form that is intended to
qualify as an originators interest as provided in (x) of Article 6(3)(b) of the EU Securitization Regulation and
(y) paragraph (b) of Article 6(3) of Chapter 2 PRA Securitisation Rules and SECN 5.2.R(1)(b), by indirectly
holding all the membership interests in the Transferor which in turn holds all or part of the Transferor Interest (the Retained
Interest);

(b) With
respect to the Retained Interest, FNBO will not change the retention option or the method of calculating its net economic interest in
the securitized exposures while the Class A Notes are outstanding, except under exceptional circumstances in accordance with each
of the EU Securitization Regulation (as supplemented by applicable EU delegated regulations and guidance) and the UK Securitisation Framework
(as supplemented by applicable UK delegated regulations and guidance);

(c) FNBO
will not (and will not permit the Transferor or any of its other affiliates to) allow the Retained Interest to be subject to any credit
risk mitigation, short position or other hedge or to be sold if, as a result, FNBO would not retain a material net economic interest
in an amount that is not less than 5% of the nominal value of the securitized exposures, except to the extent permitted in accordance
with (i) in respect of the EU Securitization Regulation, Article 6(1) under the EU Securitization Regulation (as supplemented
by applicable EU delegated regulations and guidance) and (ii) in respect of the UK Securitization Framework, except to the
extent permitted under the UK Risk Retention Rules(as supplemented by applicable UK delegated regulations and guidance); and

(d) FNBO
will provide ongoing confirmation of FNBOs continued compliance with its obligations described in (a) and (c) above
in or concurrently with the delivery of each distribution report of the issuing entity on Form 10-D relating to the Class A
Notes; provided, however, that FNBO makes no commitment or undertaking to comply with any amendment to the EU Due Diligence and Risk
Retention Rules or the UK Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules that may become effective after the date the Class A
Notes are issued.

4

3. Agreements
of Transferor. Transferor hereby acknowledges the terms and conditions of this Agreement and, further, covenants that it will not
allow the Retained Interest to be subject to any credit risk mitigation, short position or other hedge or to be sold other than as directed
by FNBO and as permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

4. Limitation
of Liability.

(a) It
is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company
not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee under the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of September 23,
2016 (the Trust Agreement), between the Transferor and Wilmington Trust Company, and in the exercise of the powers and
authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the
Issuer is made and intended not as a personal representation, undertaking or agreement by Wilmington Trust Company but is made and intended
for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained will be construed as creating any liability on the Wilmington
Trust Company individually or personally, to perform any covenant of the Issuer either expressed or implied herein, all such liability,
if any, being expressly waived by the parties to this Agreement and by any person claiming by, through or under them, (iv) Wilmington
Trust Company has not verified and has conducted no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representation, warranty
or covenant of the Issuer and (v) under no circumstances will Wilmington Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any
indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant
made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any related documents.

(b) NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT RELATING TO THE CLASS A NOTES, IN NO EVENT
SHALL FNBO OR THE TRANSFEROR BE LIABLE TO THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE, THE ISSUER, THE OWNER TRUSTEE, ANY APPLICABLE INVESTOR OR ANY OTHER
NOTEHOLDER, OR RESPONSIBLE FOR, LOSSES IN RESPECT OF THE CLASS A NOTES OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION
ANY LOSS OF VALUE OF ANY CLASS A NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, DUE TO THE FAILURE OF THE RETAINED INTEREST AND COMPLIANCE BY FNBO
AND THE TRANSFEROR WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO SATISFY THE EU DUE DILIGENCE AND RISK RETENTION RULES, THE UK DUE DILGIENCE
AND RISK RETENTION RULES OR OTHER SIMILAR OR EQUIVALENT PROVISIONS NOW OR HEREAFTER IN EFFECT.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) THIS
AGREEMENT WILL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEBRASKA WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF
LAW PROVISIONS, AND OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

5

(b) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO (AND EACH APPLICABLE INVESTOR BY ACCEPTING THE BENEFITS HEREOF) HEREBY AGREES TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEBRASKA. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, AND ANY OBJECTION TO VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND CONSENTS TO THE
GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT.

(c) All
notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including telecopies, email,
telegraphic, telex or cable communication) and mailed, emailed (with PDF attachment in the case of any signed notice or
communication), telecopied with receipt confirmed by telephone, telegraphed, telexed, cabled or delivered, as to each party hereto, at
its address set forth below or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party hereto.
All such notices and communications shall, when mailed, emailed, telecopied, telegraphed, telexed or cabled, be effective when deposited
in the mail, emailed, telecopied, delivered to the telegraph company, confirmed by telex answer back or delivered to the cable company,
respectively.

If to FNBO: First National Bank of Omaha

1620 Dodge Street

Stop Code 3201 

Omaha, NE 68197-3201 

Attention: Treasurer

If to the Transferor: First National Funding LLC 

1620 Dodge Street 

Stop Code 3201 

Omaha, NE 68197-3201 

Attention: President

If to the Issuer: c/o Wilmington Trust Company 

Rodney Square North 

1100 North Market Street 

Wilmington, DE 19890 

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

(d) Neither
this Agreement nor any term or provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated except by a writing signed by a duly
authorized officer of the party against whom enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination is sought to be enforced.

(e) Any
part, provision, representation, warranty or covenant of this Agreement that is prohibited or is held to be void or unenforceable shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof.

6

Any part, provision,
representation, warranty or covenant of this Agreement that is prohibited or is held to be void or unenforceable in any particular jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction.

To the extent permitted
by applicable law, the parties hereto waive any provision of law which prohibits or renders void or unenforceable any provision hereof.

(f) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the matters addressed herein, and this Agreement
supersedes any prior agreements and/or understandings, written or oral, with respect to such matters.

(g) The
Issuer is a party to this Agreement solely for the purposes of obtaining the benefit of the representations, warranties and covenants
contained therein and under no circumstances shall it be deemed to have undertaken any obligations thereunder or by virtue of its entry
into this Agreement.

(h) The
Indenture Trustee is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement solely for the purpose of obtaining the benefit of the representations,
warranties and covenants contained herein and under no circumstances shall it be deemed to have undertaken any obligations hereunder.
For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee have any responsibility to calculate, monitor compliance with or
be charged with knowledge of the EU Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules or the UK Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules,
nor shall it be liable to any Applicable Investor, Noteholder or any party whatsoever for any violation of such EU Due Diligence
and Risk Retention Rules or the UK Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules or such similar provisions now or hereafter in effect
or for any breach of any term of this Agreement, nor shall it have any obligation to provide or otherwise make available information
or documents required by the EU Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules or the UK Due Diligence and Risk Retention Rules or
any other rules or regulations regarding risk retention.

7

FNBO, the Transferor and
the Issuer have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the date first above written.

FIRST
NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA

By: /s/ Anthony
R. Cerasoli 

Name: Anthony
R. Cerasoli 

Title: Senior
Vice President and Treasurer

FIRST
NATIONAL FUNDING LLC

By: First
National Funding Corporation, its Managing Member

By: /s/ Anthony
R. Cerasoli 

Name: Anthony
R. Cerasoli 

Title: President

FIRST
NATIONAL MASTER NOTE TRUST

By:Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Gregory A. Marcum

Name: Gregory A. Marcum

Title: Assistant Vice President

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>