<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-044838.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-044838.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304071855
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-044838
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PPG INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000079879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAINTS, VARNISHES, LACQUERS, ENAMELS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2851]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				250730780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01687
		FILM NUMBER:		25701542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PPG PL 40 EAST
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15272
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4124343131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PPG PL 40 EAST
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15272

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PITTSBURGH PLATE GLASS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19681219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d849490d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

PPG INDUSTRIES INCfalse000007987900000798792025-02-262025-02-260000079879us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-262025-02-260000079879ppg:A0.875Notesdue2025Member2025-02-262025-02-260000079879ppg:A1875NotesDue2025Member2025-02-262025-02-260000079879ppg:A1.400Notesdue2027Member2025-02-262025-02-260000079879ppg:A2750NotesDue2029Member2025-02-262025-02-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Pennsylvania 001-1687 25-0730780

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One PPG Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15272

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(412)434-3131

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $1.66 2/3 PPG New York Stock Exchange

0.875% Notes due 2025 PPG 25 New York Stock Exchange

1.875% Notes due 2025 PPG 25A New York Stock Exchange

1.400% Notes due 2027 PPG 27 New York Stock Exchange

2.750% Notes due 2029 PPG 29A New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 4, 2025, PPG Industries, Inc. (the Company) completed an offering of 900,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.250% Notes due 2032 (the Notes). The Notes were offered by the Company pursuant to its Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-270106) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 28, 2023 and the Prospectus included therein, as supplemented by a Prospectus Supplement dated February 26, 2025 and filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025. 

The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Original Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008, between the Company and the Trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture), and a twelfth supplemental indenture, dated as of March 4, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the First Supplemental Indenture and the Original Indenture, the Indenture). The Company may issue additional debt from time to time pursuant to the Original Indenture. The Indenture contains covenants applicable to the Notes that limit the Companys ability to, among other things, incur certain liens securing indebtedness, engage in certain consolidations, mergers, conveyances, transfers or leases of all or substantially all of the Companys assets. The terms of the Notes also require the Company to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture) at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the terms of the Notes permit the Company to redeem all, but not part, of the Notes in the event of certain changes in tax laws of the United States (or any taxing authority in the United States) at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. 

The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, working capital, capital expenditures, investments in or loans to our subsidiaries or joint ventures, repayment of our existing indebtedness or funding possible acquisitions. 

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms and conditions of the Indenture and the Notes. Accordingly, the foregoing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of (i) the Original Indenture, which is set forth in its entirety and filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2008, (ii) the First Supplemental Indenture, which is set forth in its entirety and filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2008, (iii) the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, which is set forth in its entirety and filed as Exhibit 4.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and (iii) the form of the Notes, which is filed as Exhibit 4.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. The opinion of the Companys counsel as to the validity of the Notes is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure set forth above under Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On February 26, 2025, the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement with each of the underwriters named therein (the Underwriters) in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of the Notes. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions expressed therein, the Company has agreed to sell the Notes to the Underwriters, and the Underwriters have agreed to purchase the Notes for resale. The Underwriting Agreement provides that the Company will sell the Notes to the Underwriters at an issue price of 99.022% of the principal amount of the Notes, and that the Underwriters will offer the Notes to the public at a price of 99.422% of the principal amount thereof. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has also agreed to indemnify the Underwriters and certain controlling persons against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to contribute to payments if the Underwriters are required to make any payments in respect of any of these liabilities. 

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement. Accordingly, the foregoing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, which is set forth in its entirety and filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

1.1* Underwriting Agreement, dated February 26, 2025, among PPG Industries, Inc. and each of the underwriters named therein. 

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008, between PPG Industries, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2008. 

4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008, between PPG Industries, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., was filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2008. 

4.3 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2025, between PPG Industries, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 

4.4 Form of 3.250% Notes Due 2032. 

5.1 Opinion of K&L Gates LLP. 

23.1 Consent of K&L Gates LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 4, 2025 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Vincent J. Morales

Vincent J. Morales

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d849490dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. 

900,000,000 3.250% Senior Notes due 2032 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

February 26, 2025 

J.P. Morgan
Securities plc 

BNP PARIBAS 

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria,
S.A. 

Banco Santander, S.A. 

Citigroup Global Markets Limited

HSBC Bank plc 

Socit Gnrale

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI
Securities Corp. 

Merrill Lynch International 

PNC Capital
Markets LLC 

SMBC Bank International plc 

The
Toronto-Dominion Bank 

UniCredit Bank GmbH 

U.S. Bancorp
Investments, Inc. 

Wells Fargo Securities International Limited 

Academy Securities, Inc. 

ANZ Securities, Inc. 

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC 

Danske Bank A/S 

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 

ICBC Standard Bank Plc 

ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 

Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC 

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 

Standard Chartered Bank

Truist Securities, Inc. 

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen: 

1.
Introductory. PPG Industries, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation (Company), agrees with the several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (Underwriters) to issue and sell to the several
Underwriters 900,000,000 principal amount of its 3.250% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Securities or Offered Securities), all to be issued under an indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 and as
supplemented through the Closing Date (Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. In connection with the issuance of the Offered Securities, the Company will enter into a paying
agency agreement (the Paying Agency Agreement), to be dated March 4, 2025, among the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as London Paying Agent. 

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the several Underwriters
that: 

(a) 

Filing and Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Certain Defined Terms. The Company has filed with
the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333- 270106), including a related prospectus or prospectuses, covering the registration of the Offered Securities under the Act, which has become
effective. Registration Statement at any particular time means such registration statement in the form then filed with the Commission, including any amendment thereto, any document incorporated by reference therein and all 430B
Information and all 430C Information with respect to such registration statement, that in any case has not been superseded or modified. Registration Statement without reference to a time means the Registration Statement as of the
Effective Time. For purposes of this definition, 430B Information shall be considered to be included in the Registration Statement as of the time specified in Rule 430B. 

1 

For purposes of this Agreement: 

430B Information means information included in a prospectus then deemed to be a part of the Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 430B(e) or retroactively deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B(f). 

430C Information means information included in a prospectus then deemed to be a part of the Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 430C. 

Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Applicable Time means 3:30 p.m. (London time) on the date of this Agreement.

Closing Date has the meaning defined in
Section 3 hereof. 

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Effective Time of the Registration Statement relating to the Offered Securities means the time of the first
contract of sale for the Offered Securities. 

Exchange means the New York Stock Exchange. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Final Prospectus means the Statutory Prospectus that discloses the public offering price, other 430B
Information and other final terms of the Offered Securities and otherwise satisfies Section 10(a) of the Act. 

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for
general distribution to prospective investors, as evidenced by its being so specified in Schedule B to this Agreement. 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in
Rule 433, prepared by or on behalf of the Company relating to the Offered Securities in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to
Rule 433(g). 

Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
that is not a General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

Material Subsidiary means PPG Industries
Securities, LLC, PPG Luxembourg Finance S.R.L. and PPG Europe B.V. 

Rules and Regulations means
the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

Securities Laws means, collectively, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), the Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act, the Rules and Regulations, the auditing principles, rules, standards and practices applicable to auditors of issuers (as defined in
Sarbanes-Oxley) promulgated or approved by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board to the extent such principles, rules, standards and practices apply to the issuer as opposed to the auditor and, as applicable, the rules of the
Exchange (Exchange Rules). 

Statutory Prospectus with reference to any particular
time means the prospectus relating to the Offered Securities that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to that time, including all 430B Information and all 430C Information with respect to the Registration Statement.
For purposes of the foregoing definition, 430B Information shall be considered to be included in the Statutory Prospectus only as of the actual time that form of prospectus (including a prospectus supplement) is filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) or Rule 462(c) and not retroactively. 

2 

subsidiary means the consolidated subsidiaries of the
Company. 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. 

Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a rule is to the indicated rule under the Act. 

(b) 

Compliance with Securities Act Requirements. (i) (A) At the time the Registration Statement
initially became effective, (B) at the time of each amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Act (whether by post-effective amendment, incorporated report or form
of prospectus), (C) at the Effective Time relating to the Offered Securities and (D) on the Closing Date, the Registration Statement conformed and will conform in all respects to the requirements of the Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the
Rules and Regulations and did not and will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and (ii) (A) on its date,
(B) at the time of filing the Final Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) and (C) on the Closing Date, the Final Prospectus will conform in all respects to the requirements of the Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the Rules and
Regulations, and will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The first sentence of this Section 1(b) does not apply to (i) that part of the Registration Statement which constitutes the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form
T-1) of the Trustee under the Trust Indenture Act or (ii) statements in or omissions from any such document based upon written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter
specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information is that described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

(c) 

Automatic Shelf Registration Statement. (i) Well-Known Seasoned Issuer Status.
(A) At the time of initial filing of the Registration Statement, (B) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective
amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), and (C) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c))
made any offer relating to the Offered Securities in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163, the Company was a well known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405, including not having been an ineligible issuer as defined in
Rule 405. (ii) Effectiveness of Automatic Shelf Registration Statement. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405, that initially became effective within three years of the
date of this Agreement. (iii) Eligibility to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Form. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement
form. If at any time when Offered Securities remain unsold by the Underwriters the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form,
the Company will (i) promptly notify the Underwriters, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Offered Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Underwriters,
(iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective as soon as practicable, and (iv) promptly notify the Underwriters of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other
action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Offered Securities to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise
become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

3 

(d) 

Filing Fees. The Company has paid or shall pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the
Offered Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r). 

(e) 

Ineligible Issuer Status. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement
that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Offered Securities and (ii) at the date of this Agreement, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as
defined in Rule 405, including (x) the Company or any other subsidiary in the preceding three years not having been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor or having been made the subject of a judicial or administrative decree or order as
described in Rule 405 and (y) the Company in the preceding three years not having been the subject of a bankruptcy petition or insolvency or similar proceeding, not having had a registration statement be the subject of a proceeding under
Section 8 of the Act and not being the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Act in connection with the offering of the Securities, all as described in Rule 405. 

(f) 

General Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the General Use Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus(es) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time and, the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 26, 2025, including the base prospectus, dated February 28, 2023 (which is the most recent Statutory Prospectus
distributed to investors generally),and the other information, if any, stated in Schedule B to this Agreement to be included in the General Disclosure Package, all considered together (collectively, the General Disclosure
Package), nor (ii) any individual Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the General Disclosure Package, any Statutory
Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information
furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

(g) 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all
subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Offered Securities or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Underwriters as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include
any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information then contained in the Registration Statement. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as
a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information then contained in the Registration Statement or as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if republished immediately following
such event or development, would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, (i) the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Underwriters and (ii) the Company has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such
conflict, untrue statement or omission. 

(h) 

Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package; and the Company is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, other than where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (Material Adverse
Effect). 

4 

(i) 

Subsidiaries. Each of the Companys Material Subsidiaries has been duly incorporated and is validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation (where such concept is recognized under such laws or under the equivalent standards where such concept is not recognized under such laws), with power and authority
(corporate and other) to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package; and each Material Subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in all other
jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, other than where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each Material Subsidiary of the Company has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and the capital stock of each Material Subsidiary owned by
the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, is owned free from liens, encumbrances and defects. All of the subsidiaries of the Company which are material to the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business or properties of
the Company are listed in the definition of Material Subsidiary, as set forth in Section 2(a) hereof. 

(j) 

Execution and Delivery of Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized and has been duly qualified
under the Trust Indenture Act; the Offered Securities have been duly authorized and, when the Offered Securities are delivered and paid for pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date, the Indenture will have been duly executed and delivered,
such Offered Securities will have been duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered, will conform to the information in the General Disclosure Package and to the description of such Offered Securities contained in the Final Prospectus and the
Indenture and such Offered Securities will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

(k) 

Paying Agency Agreement. The Paying Agency Agreement has been duly authorized by the Company and, when
duly executed and delivered in accordance with its terms by each of the parties thereto, will constitute, a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

(l) 

Absence of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing or
registration with, any person (including any governmental agency or body or any court) is required for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Indenture or the Paying Agency Agreement in connection with the offering,
issuance and sale of the Offered Securities by the Company and the approval of the Offered Securities for listing on the Exchange except such as have been obtained, or made and such as may be required under applicable state securities laws.

(m) 

Title to Property. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, or such as do not and would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real properties and all other properties and assets owned by them, in each case free from liens, charges,
encumbrances and defects that would affect the value thereof or interfere with the use made or to be made thereof by them and, except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, or such as do not and would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its subsidiaries hold any leased real or personal property under valid and enforceable leases with no terms or provisions that would materially interfere with the use made or to be made thereof by
them. 

5 

(n) 

Absence of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from Transaction. The execution, delivery and performance of
the Indenture, this Agreement, the Paying Agency Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities and compliance with the terms and provisions thereof will not result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or
constitute a default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, (i) the
charter or by-laws of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (ii) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, or (iii) any agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any
of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject; except with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph only, such breaches, defaults, liens, charges, encumbrances or violations that would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect; a Debt Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition that gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture, or other evidence of indebtedness (or
any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(o) 

Absence of Existing Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in
violation of its respective charter or by-laws or in default (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would be in default) under any existing obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any
indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, lease or other agreement or instrument to which any of them is a party or by which any of them is bound or to which any of the properties of any of them is subject, except such defaults that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p) 

Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Company. 

(q) 

Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess, and are in compliance with
the terms of, all adequate certificates, authorizations, franchises, licenses and permits (Licenses) necessary to the conduct of the business now conducted or proposed in the General Disclosure Package to be conducted by them,
except where the failure to possess such Licenses would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and have not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Licenses that, if
determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(r) 

Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent that could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(s) 

Possession of Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, possess or can acquire on
reasonable terms, adequate trademarks, trade names and other rights to inventions, know-how, patents, copyrights, confidential information and other intellectual property (collectively,
intellectualpropertyrights) necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, or presently employed by them, and have not received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with
respect to any intellectual property rights that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6 

(t) 

Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, (a)(i) neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or has any liability under, any federal, state, local or non-U.S. statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, other requirement or rule of law
(including common law), or decision or order of any domestic or foreign governmental agency, governmental body or court, relating to pollution, to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, discharge, disposal or release of Hazardous
Substances, to the protection or restoration of the environment or natural resources (including biota), to health and safety including as such relates to exposure to Hazardous Substances, and to natural resource damages (collectively,
Environmental Laws), (ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries owns, occupies, operates or uses any real property contaminated with Hazardous Substances, (iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
is conducting or funding any investigation, remediation, remedial action or monitoring of actual or suspected Hazardous Substances in the environment, (iv) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is liable or allegedly liable for any
release or threatened release of Hazardous Substances, including at any off-site treatment, storage or disposal site, (v) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to any claim by any
governmental agency or governmental body or person relating to Environmental Laws or Hazardous Substances, and (vi) the Company and its subsidiaries have received and are in compliance with all, and have no liability under any, permits,
licenses, authorizations, identification numbers or other approvals required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses, except in each case covered by clauses (i) (vi) such as would not individually
or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) to the knowledge of the Company there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of, liability under, or claim pursuant to any Environmental
Law that would have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) to the knowledge of the Company there are no requirements proposed for adoption or implementation under any Environmental Law that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; and (d) in the ordinary course of its business, the Company periodically evaluates the effect, including associated costs and liabilities, of Environmental Laws on the business, properties, results of operations and financial condition
of it and its subsidiaries, and, on the basis of such evaluation, the Company has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws will not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection
Hazardous Substances means (A) petroleum and petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and
mold, and (B) any other chemical, material or substance defined or regulated as toxic or hazardous or as a pollutant, contaminant or waste under Environmental Laws. 

(u) 

Accurate Disclosure. The statements in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus under the
headings Material United States Federal Tax Considerations, and Description of the Notes insofar as such statements summarize legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings discussed therein fairly present and summarize
the matters referred to therein. 

(v) 

Absence of Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action that is designed
to or that has constituted or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any of the securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities, provided
however, that this paragraph shall not apply to any stabilization activities conducted by the Underwriters. 

7 

(w) 

Internal Controls and Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Except as set forth below and in the
General Disclosure Package, the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge, the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) are in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley and all applicable Exchange Rules. The Company
maintains effective internal controls over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures, each as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act (collectively, Internal
Controls) that are sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) records are maintained that accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the transactions and the dispositions of the assets of the Company,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (iii) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines
applicable thereto, (iv) receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and (v) unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements are prevented or timely detected. The Internal Controls are overseen by the Audit Committee (the Audit Committee) of the Board in accordance with Exchange Rules.
Since the date of the Companys latest audited financial statements included in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there have been no changes in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during
the Companys most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company has not publicly disclosed or reported to the Audit
Committee or the Board, and as of the date hereof, it has no knowledge of (and as of the date hereof does not reasonably expect to publicly disclose or report to the Audit Committee or the Board within the next 60 days), a significant deficiency,
material weakness, change in Internal Controls or fraud involving management or other employees who have a significant role in Internal Controls, any violation of, or failure to comply with, the Securities Laws, or other matter, any
of which, if determined adversely, would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(x) 

Litigation. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, there are no pending actions, suits
or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) against or affecting the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties that, if determined adversely
to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the
Indenture, this Agreement or the Paying Agency Agreement or which are otherwise material in the context of the sale of the Offered Securities; and no such actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by any court or
governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) are to the Companys knowledge threatened. 

(y) 

Financial Statements. The financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the General
Disclosure Package present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates shown and their results of operations and cash flows for the periods shown, and, except as otherwise
disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis and the schedules included in the
Registration Statement present fairly the information required to be stated therein. 

(z) 

No Material Adverse Change in Business. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, since the
end of the period covered by the latest audited financial statements included in the General Disclosure Package (i) there has been no change, nor any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or
otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole that is material and 

8 

adverse, (ii) except as publicly disclosed in or contemplated by the General Disclosure Package, there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company
on any class of its capital stock and (iii) except as disclosed in or contemplated by the General Disclosure Package, there has been no material adverse change in the capital stock, short-term indebtedness, long-term indebtedness, net current
assets or net assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

(aa) 

Ratings. No nationally recognized statistical rating organization as such term is defined in
Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act (i) has imposed (or has informed the Company that it is considering imposing) any condition (financial or otherwise) on the Companys retaining any rating assigned to the Company or any securities
of the Company or (ii) has indicated to the Company that it is considering any of the actions described in Section 7(c)(ii) hereof. 

(bb) 

Investment Company Act. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the
Offered Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the General Disclosure Package, will not be an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company
Act). 

(cc) 

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its
subsidiaries, nor any directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates has (i) used any funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken an act in
furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government or regulatory official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public
international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of the anti-bribery
provisions of the FCPA, or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United
Kingdom, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws; or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any rebate, payoff,
influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted, and maintain and enforce, policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 

(dd) 

Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. To the best of the Companys knowledge, the operations
of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions
Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the applicable money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions where the Company or any of its subsidiaries conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or
guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental or regulatory agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental or regulatory agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

9 

(ee) 

Compliance with Sanctions Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, directors, officers or
employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, (including, without
limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or
blocked person), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor is the Company, any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, the so-called
Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine, North Korea and Syria (collectively, Sanctioned
Countries and each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Offered Securities hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such
proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or the target of Sanctions,
(ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter,
advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. Except as otherwise permitted by law, since April 24, 2019, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any
person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. With regards to (i) BNP PARIBAS, UniCredit Bank GmbH and any other European Union-domiciled Underwriters, the
representation, warranty and undertaking given in this section will not apply if and to the extent that such representation, warranty and undertaking are or would be unenforceable by reason of breach of any provision of the Council Regulation (EC)
2271/96 (the E.U. BlockingRegulation), or any law or regulation implementing such Blocking Regulation in any member state of the European Union; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities plc and any other U.K.-domiciled
Underwriters, the representation, warranty and undertaking given in this section will not apply if and to the extent that such representation, warranty and undertaking are or would be unenforceable by reason of breach of any provision of the Council
Regulation (EC) 2271/96 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the U.K.BlockingRegulation), or any law, regulation or order implementing the U.K. Blocking Regulation
or (iii) Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, UniCredit Bank GmbH and any other German-domiciled Underwriters, the representation, warranty and undertaking given in this section shall not apply and shall not be sought by or made to Deutsche Bank
AG, London Branch and any German-domiciled Underwriters if and to the extent that it is or would be unenforceable by reason of breach of, or would result in a violation of, or conflict with Section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance
(Verordnung zur Durchfhrung des Auenwirtschaftsgesetzes (Auenwirtschaftsverordnung AWV)). 

(ff) 

Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment,
computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained
commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data (including all
personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Personal Data)) used in connection with their businesses, and there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to
same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently
in material compliance with all 

10 

applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. 

(gg) 

Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax returns that are required to be filed or have requested extensions thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file would not have a Material Adverse Effect); and, except as set forth in the
General Disclosure Package, the Company and its subsidiaries have paid all taxes (including any assessments, fines or penalties) required to be paid by them, except for any such taxes, assessments, fines or penalties currently being contested in
good faith or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(hh) 

Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries are insured by insurers with appropriately rated claims
paying abilities against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance insuring the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies and instruments in all material respects; and there are no material claims by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause; neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage
sought or applied for; and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers
as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the General Disclosure Package. 

(ii) 

eXtensible Business Reporting Language Data. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting
Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the
Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

3. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of Offered Securities.
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell to the several Underwriters, and each of the Underwriters agrees, severally and not jointly, to
purchase from the Company, at a purchase price of 99.022% of the principal amount of the Securities, plus accrued interest, if any, from March 4, 2025 to the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), the respective principal amounts of Securities
set forth opposite the names of the Underwriters in Schedule A hereto. 

Payment for and delivery of the
Securities will be made on or about 9:00 a.m. (London time) on March 4, 2025, or at such other time on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Underwriters and the Company may agree upon in writing.
The time and date of such payment and delivery is referred to herein as the Closing Date. For purposes of Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Closing Date (if
later than the otherwise applicable settlement date) shall be the settlement date for payment of funds and delivery of securities for all the Offered Securities sold pursuant to the offering. 

Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the bank account(s) specified by the Company to
the Underwriters against delivery in book entry form through a common depositary (the CommonDepositary) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme
(Clearstream), for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more 

11 

global notes representing the Securities (collectively, the GlobalNotes), with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Securities duly paid by the
Company. The Offered Securities so to be delivered or evidence of their issuance will be made available for review through the offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, at least 24 hours prior to
the Closing Date. 

J.P. Morgan Securities plc acknowledges that the Offered Securities represented by the Global Notes will initially be
credited to an account (the CommissionaireAccount) for the benefit of J.P. Morgan Securities plc, the terms of which include a third-party beneficiary clause (stipulation pour autrui) with the Company as
the third-party beneficiary and provide that such Offered Securities are to be delivered to others only against payment of the purchase price for the Offered Securities into the Commissionaire Account on a delivery against payment basis. J.P. Morgan
Securities plc acknowledges that (i) the Offered Securities represented by the Global Notes shall be held to the order of the Company as set out above and (ii) the purchase price for the Offered Securities received in the Commissionaire
Account will be held on behalf of the Company until such time as they are transferred to the Companys order. J.P. Morgan Securities plc undertakes that the purchase price for the Offered Securities will be transferred to the Companys
order promptly following receipt of such monies in the Commissionaire Account. The Company acknowledges and accepts the benefit of the third-party beneficiary clause (stipulation pour autrui) pursuant to the Civil Code of Belgium,
in respect of the Commissionaire Account. 

4. Offering by Underwriters. It is understood that the several Underwriters propose to
offer the Offered Securities for sale to the public as set forth in the Final Prospectus. 

5. Certain Agreements of the Company.
The Company agrees with the several Underwriters that: 

(a) Filing of Prospectuses. The Company has filed or will
file each Statutory Prospectus (including the Final Prospectus) pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 424(b)(2) (or, if applicable and consented to by the Underwriters, subparagraph (5)) not later than the second business day following the
earlier of the date it is first used or the execution and delivery of this Agreement. The Company has complied and will comply with Rule 433. 

(b) Filing of Amendments; Response to Commission Requests. The Company will promptly advise the Underwriters of any
proposal to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or any Statutory Prospectus at any time and will offer the Underwriters a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such amendment or supplement; and the Company will also advise the
Underwriters promptly of (i) the filing of any such amendment or supplement, (ii) any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment to the Registration Statement, for any supplement to any Statutory Prospectus or for any
additional information, (iii) the institution by the Commission of any stop order proceedings in respect of the Registration Statement or the threatening of any proceeding for that purpose, and (iv) the receipt by the Company of any
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Offered Securities in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceedings for such purpose. The Company will use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of
any such stop order or the suspension of any such qualification and, if issued, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. 

(c) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. If, at any time when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is
(or, but for the exemption in Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Act by any Underwriter or dealer, any event occurs as a result of which the Final Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Registration Statement or
supplement the Final Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters of such event and will promptly prepare and file with the Commission and 

12 

furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and the dealers and any other dealers upon request of the Underwriters, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission
or an amendment which will effect such compliance. Neither the Underwriters consent to, nor the Underwriters delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 7
hereof. 

(d) Rule 158. As soon as practicable, but not later than 16 months, after the date of
this Agreement, the Company will make generally available to its securityholders an earnings statement covering a period of at least 12 months beginning after the date of this Agreement and satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act
and Rule 158. 

(e) Furnishing of Prospectuses. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters copies of the
Registration Statement, including all exhibits, any Statutory Prospectus, the Final Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents, in each case as soon as available and in such quantities as the Underwriters reasonably request. The
Company will pay the expenses of printing and distributing to the Underwriters all such documents. 

(f) Blue Sky
Qualifications. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters to qualify the Offered Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Underwriters may
designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for as long as may be necessary to complete the distribution of the Offered Securities; provided however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service
of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a broker or dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not
otherwise so subject. 

(g) Reporting Requirements. During the period of three years hereafter, the Company will
furnish to the Underwriters and, upon request, to each of the other Underwriters, as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, a copy of its annual report to stockholders for such year; and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters
(i) as soon as available, a copy of each report and any definitive proxy statement of the Company filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act or mailed to stockholders, and (ii) from time to time, such other information concerning the
Company as the Underwriters may reasonably request. However, so long as the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of either Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and is timely filing reports with the Commission on its
Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR), it is not required to furnish such reports or statements to the Underwriters. 

(h) Payment of Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, including but not limited to any filing fees and other expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters) incurred in connection with qualification of the Offered Securities for sale under the laws of
such jurisdictions as the Underwriters designate and the preparation and printing of memoranda relating thereto, any fees and expenses related to the listing of Offered Securities on the Exchange, any fees charged by investment rating agencies for
the rating of the Offered Securities, costs and expenses relating to investor presentations or any road show in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities including, without limitation, any travel expenses of the
Companys officers and employees and any other expenses of the Company including fees and expenses in connection with the registration of the Offered Securities under the Exchange Act, and expenses incurred in distributing preliminary
prospectuses and the Final Prospectus (including any amendments and supplements thereto) to the Underwriters and for expenses incurred for preparing, printing and distributing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses to investors or prospective
investors. Except as provided in this Agreement, including, without limitation, Section 5, Section 8 and Section 10 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel. 

13 

Each Underwriter agrees to pay the portion of such expenses represented by
such Underwriters pro rata share (based on the proportion that the principal amount of Securities set forth opposite each Underwriters name in Schedule A bears to the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth opposite the
names of all Underwriters) of the Securities (with respect to each Underwriter, the ProRataExpenses). Notwithstanding anything contained in the International Capital Market Association Primary Market Handbook, each
Underwriter hereby agrees that the Settlement Lead Manager may allocate the Pro Rata Expenses to the account of such Underwriter for settlement of accounts (including payment of such Underwriters fees by the Settlement Lead Manager) as soon as
practicable but in any case no later than 90 days following the Closing Date. 

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will
use the net proceeds received in connection with this offering in the manner described in the Use of Proceeds section of the General Disclosure Package. 

(j) Absence of Manipulation. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would
constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities, provided however, that this
paragraph shall not apply to any stabilization activities conducted by the Underwriters. 

(k) Restriction on Sale of
Securities. The Company will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Act relating to United States dollar-denominated debt
securities issued or guaranteed by the Company and having a maturity of more than one year from the date of issue, or publicly disclose the intention to make any such offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, without the prior written consent of
the Underwriters for a period beginning on the date hereof and ending as of the Closing Date. 

(l) ExchangeListing. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to list the Securities on the Exchange within 30 days after the date of issuance of the Securities. 

6. Free Writing Prospectuses. (a) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that,
unless it obtains the prior consent of the Underwriters, and each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Underwriters, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Offered
Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus
consented to by the Company and the Underwriters is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as
an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely Commission filing
where required, legending and record keeping. The prior consent of the Company and the Underwriters shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Schedule B hereto. 

(b) Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet relating to the Offered Securities containing only
information that describes the final terms of the Offered Securities substantially in the form of Schedule E hereto, and will file such final term sheet within the period required by Rule 433(d)(5)(ii) following the date such final
terms have been established for all classes of the offering of the Offered Securities. Any such final term sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. The Company also consents
to 

14 

the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that contains only (i)(x) information describing the preliminary terms of the Offered Securities or their offering or (y) information
that describes the final terms of the Offered Securities or their offering and that is included in the final term sheet of the Company contemplated in the first sentence of this subsection or (ii) other information that is not issuer
information, as defined in Rule 433, it being understood that any such free writing prospectus referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall not be an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

7. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Offered
Securities on the Closing Date will be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company herein (as though made on the Closing Date), to the accuracy of the statements of Company officers made pursuant to the provisions
hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions precedent: 

(a) Accountants Comfort Letters. The Underwriters shall have received letters, dated the date hereof and the
Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (accountants for the Company), confirming that they are a registered public accounting firm and independent public accountants within
the meaning of the Securities Laws and substantially in the form of Schedule C hereto (except that, in the letter dated as of the Closing Date, the specified date referred to in Schedule C shall be
a date no more than three days prior to the Closing Date). 

(b) Filing of Prospectus. The Final Prospectus
shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with the Rules and Regulations and Section 5(a) hereof. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any part thereof shall have been issued and no
proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Underwriter, shall be threatened by the Commission. 

(c) Paying Agency Agreement. The Underwriters shall have received an executed copy of the Paying Agency Agreement. 

(d) Exchange Listing. Application shall have been made to list the Securities for the trading on the Exchange and, in
connection therewith, the Company shall have caused to be prepared and submitted to the Exchange a listing application with respect to the Securities. 

(e) No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, there shall not have
occurred (i) any change, or any development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole which,
in the judgment of the Underwriters, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Offered Securities; (ii) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of the Company by any nationally recognized
statistical rating organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of the Company (other than an
announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible downgrading, of such rating); (iii) any change in U.S. or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or
exchange controls the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Underwriters, impractical to market or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Securities, whether in the primary market or in respect of dealings in the
secondary market; (iv) any suspension or material limitation of trading in securities generally on the Exchange, or any setting of minimum or maximum prices for trading on such exchange; (v) or any suspension of trading of any securities
of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market; (vi) any banking moratorium declared by any U.S. federal or, New

15 

York authorities; (vii) any major disruption of settlements of securities, payment, or clearance services in the United States or any other country where such securities are listed or
(viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities or act of terrorism involving the United States, any declaration of war by Congress or any other national or international calamity or emergency if, in the judgment of the
Underwriters, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, act, declaration, calamity or emergency is such as to make it impractical or inadvisable to market the Offered Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered
Securities. 

(f) Opinion of Counsel for Company. The Underwriters shall have received opinions, dated as of the
Closing Date, of Anne M. Foulkes, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, and of K&L Gates LLP, counsel for the Company, substantially in the forms of Schedule D-1 and D-2, respectively. 

(g) Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters. The Underwriters
shall have received from Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions, dated as of the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as the Underwriters may require, and the Company shall have furnished to
such counsel such documents as they request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters. In rendering such opinion, Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP may rely as to the incorporation of the Company and all other matters governed by
Pennsylvania law upon the opinion of Anne M. Foulkes, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company. 

(h) Officers Certificate. The Underwriters shall have received a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date,
of an executive officer of the Company and a principal financial or accounting officer of the Company in which such officers shall state that: the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct; the Company has
complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to their knowledge, are threatened by the Commission; and, subsequent to the respective dates of the most recent financial statements in the General Disclosure Package, there has been no material adverse
change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business or properties or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole except
as set forth in the General Disclosure Package or as described in such certificate. 

(i) CFO Certificate. The
Underwriters shall have received a certificate, dated as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with respect to the matters set forth in Schedule F. 

The Company will furnish the Underwriters with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the Underwriters
reasonably request. The Underwriters may in their sole discretion waive compliance with any conditions to the obligations of the Underwriters hereunder. 

8. Indemnification and Contribution. (a) Indemnification of Underwriters. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each
Underwriter, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an
Indemnified Party), against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or
regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any part of the
Registration Statement at any time, any Statutory Prospectus as of any time, the Final Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or 

16 

necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse each Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with
investigating or defending against any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with the
enforcement of this provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises
out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter
specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in subsection (b) below. 

(b) Indemnification of Company. Each Underwriter will severally and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its
directors and each of its officers who signs a Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Underwriter
Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which such Underwriter Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise,
insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any part of the Registration Statement at any
time, any Statutory Prospectus as of any time, the Final Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or the alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by such Underwriter specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Underwriter Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending against any such loss,
claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any
such alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses are incurred, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the following information in the Final Prospectus furnished on behalf of
each Underwriter: the concession and reallowance figures appearing in the third paragraph under the caption Underwriting. 

(c)
Actions against Parties; Notification. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the
indemnifying party under subsection (a) or (b) above, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under
subsection (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided further that the failure to notify the indemnifying party
shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under subsection (a) or (b) above. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of the
commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such
indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the
indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been
sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a
statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of an indemnified party. 

17 

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section is unavailable
or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or
liabilities referred to in subsection (a) or (b) above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Offered
Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative
fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total
underwriting discounts received by the Underwriters. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or
prevent such untrue statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include any
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no
Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Offered Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages
which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting
obligations and not joint. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8(d) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity
for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 8(d). 

9. Default of Underwriters. If any Underwriter or Underwriters default in their obligations to purchase Offered Securities hereunder on
the Closing Date and the aggregate principal amount of Offered Securities that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10% of the total principal amount of Offered Securities that the Underwriters
are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date, the Underwriters may make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons, including any of the Underwriters, but if no such arrangements are made
by the Closing Date, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated severally, in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder, to purchase the Offered Securities that such defaulting Underwriters
agreed but failed to purchase on the Closing Date. If any Underwriter or Underwriters so default and the aggregate principal amount of Offered Securities with respect to which such default or defaults occur exceeds 10% of the total principal amount
of Offered Securities that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date and arrangements satisfactory to the Underwriters and the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons are not made within 36 hours
after such default, this Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except as provided in Section 10. As used in this Agreement, the term
Underwriter includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Underwriter from liability for its default. 

18 

10. Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations. The respective indemnities,
agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or
statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the Company or any of their respective representatives, officers or directors or any controlling person, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Offered
Securities. If the purchase of the Offered Securities by the Underwriters is not consummated for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the Company will reimburse the Underwriters
for all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) reasonably incurred by them in connection with the offering of the Offered
Securities, and the respective obligations of the Company and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8 hereof shall remain in effect. In addition, if any Offered Securities have been purchased hereunder, the representations and warranties in
Section 2 and all obligations under Section 5 shall also remain in effect. 

11. Notices. All communications hereunder will
be in writing and, (a) if sent to the Underwriters, will be mailed, delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to the Underwriters at their respective addresses as set forth in Schedule G, or, (b) if sent to the Company, will be mailed,
delivered or telegraphed and confirmed to the Company at One PPG Place, Pittsburgh, PA 15272, Attention: General Counsel, provided, however, that any notice to an Underwriter pursuant to Section 8 will be mailed, delivered or
telegraphed and confirmed to such Underwriter. 

12. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 8, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. 

13. [Reserved]

14.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and
any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

15.
Judgment Currency. The Company agrees to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed
and paid in a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than United States dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the United States dollar amount is converted into Judgment Currency
for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase United States dollars on the business day following actual receipt by such Underwriter of any sum adjudged or ordered to be
so due in the Judgment Currency with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of the Company and shall continue in full force and effect
notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term rate of exchange shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency. 

16. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) No Other Relationship. The Underwriters have been retained solely to act as underwriters in connection with the sale of Offered
Securities and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and the Underwriters has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Final Prospectus, irrespective of whether the
Underwriters have advised or are advising the Company on other matters; 

19 

(b) Arms Length Negotiations. The price of the Offered Securities set forth in
this Agreement was established by the Company following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Underwriters and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(c) Absence of Obligation to Disclose. The Company has been advised that the
Underwriters and their respective affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to
the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and 

(d) Waiver. The Company waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Underwriters for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Underwriters shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect of
such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including stockholders, employees or creditors of the Company. 

17. Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L.
107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), certain of the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which
information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow such Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

18. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
New York (without reference to its choice of law doctrine other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York). 

The Company hereby submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts in the
Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of
any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to
plead or claim in any such court that any such suit or proceeding in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

19.
Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

20. Contractual Recognition of Bail-In for EEA and U.K. Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of
any other term of this Agreement or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding between the parties hereto, each counterparty to a BRRD Party acknowledges and accepts that a BRRD Liability arising under this Agreement may be subject to the
exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation to
any BRRD Liability of any BRRD Party to it under this Agreement, that (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 

(i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due thereon; 

20 

(ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares,
other securities or other obligations of the relevant BRRD Party or another person, and the issue to or conferral on it of such shares, securities or obligations; 

(iii) the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; and 

(iv) the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the dates on which any payments are
due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 

(b) the variation of the terms of this Agreement, as deemed necessary by
the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 

The terms which follow, when used in this Section 20, shall have the meanings indicated. 

Bail-in Legislation means in relation to a member state of the
European Economic Area which has implemented, or which at any time implements, the BRRD, the relevant implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement as described in the EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule from
time to time or, in the case of the United Kingdom, the U.K. Bail-in Legislation. 

Bail-in Powers for the EU, means any Write-down and Conversion
Powers as defined in the EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule, in relation to the relevant Bail-in Legislation, and for the U.K. means the powers under the U.K. Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment firm, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of
such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to
have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability. 

BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit
institutions and investment firms. 

BRRD Party means any Underwriter subject to Bail-in Powers. 

EU Bail-in Legislation
Schedule means the document described as such, then in effect, and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time at http://www.lma.eu.com/pages.aspx?p=499. 

U.K. Bail-in Legislation means any laws, regulations, rules or
requirements in effect in the United Kingdom, relating to the transposition of the BRRD as amended from time to time, including but not limited to the Banking Act 2009 as amended from time to time, and the instruments, rules and standards created
thereunder. 

BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant Write Down and Conversion
Powers in the applicable Bail-in Legislation may be exercised. 

Relevant
Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in Powers in relation to the relevant BRRD Party. 

21. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any
such interest or obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a State of the United States. 

21 

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of
such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights
could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest or obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a State of the United States. 

(c) As used in this Section 21: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted
in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime
means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

22. Agreement Among Underwriters. As between the Underwriters, the execution of this Agreement by all parties hereto will constitute
acceptance by each Underwriter of the ICMA Agreement Among Managers New York Version 1 (the AgreementAmongManagers) subject to any amendment notified to such Underwriter in writing at any time prior to the
execution of this Agreement. For purposes of the Agreement Among Managers, references to the Managers shall be deemed to refer to the Underwriters and references to SettlementLeadManager shall be deemed
to refer to J.P. Morgan Securities plc. As applicable to the Underwriters, Clause 3 of the Agreement Among Managers shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with Section 9 of this Agreement. 

23. StabilizingManager. The Company confirms the appointment of J.P. Morgan Securities plc as the Stabilizing Manager as of the
central point responsible for adequate public disclosure of information, and handling any request from a competent authority, in accordance with Article 6(5) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 with regard to
regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buy-back programmes and stabilization measures. 

24. U.K. MiFIR Product Governance. Solely for the purposes of the requirements of 3.2.7R of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and
Product Governance Sourcebook (the U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules) regarding the mutual responsibilities of manufacturers under the U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules: 

22 

(a) BNP PARIBAS and J.P. Morgan Securities plc (each a U.K. Manufacturer
and together the U.K.Manufacturers) understands the responsibilities conferred upon it under the U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules relating to each of the product approval process, the target market and the proposed
distribution channels as applying to the Securities and the related information set out in the General Disclosure Package, Final Prospectus, any Statutory Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus identified in Schedule B hereto, each
in connection with the Securities; and 

(b) each of the Company and the other Underwriters notes the application of the U.K. MiFIR Product
Governance Rules and acknowledge the target market and distribution channels identified as applying to the Securities by the U.K. Manufacturers and the related information set out in the General Disclosure Package, Final Prospectus, any Statutory
Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus identified in Schedule B hereto, each in connection with the Securities. 

[Signature pages as follow] 

23 

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Underwriters understanding of our
agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company your counterparts hereof, whereupon it will become a binding agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Vincent J. Morales

Name: Vincent J. Morales

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC

By: 

/s/ Francesca Schmidt-Fischer

Name: Francesca Schmidt-Fischer

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

BNP PARIBAS

By: 

/s/ Anne Besson-Imbert

Name: Anne Besson-Imbert

Title: Authorised Signatory

By: 

/s/ Luke Thorne

Name: Luke Thorne

Title: Authorised Signatory

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.

By: 

/s/ Adrien Ferrando

Name: Adrien Ferrando

Title: DCM Bond Origination

By: 

/s/ Steffen Thiemann

Name: Steffen Thiemann

Title: DCM Bond Origination

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A

By: 

/s/ Alexis Rohr

Name: Alexis Rohr

Title: DCM Associate

By: 

/s/ Matthias dHaene

Name: Matthias dHaene

Title: DCM Executive Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED

By: 

/s/ Paula Clarke

Name: Paula Clarke

Title: Delegated Signatory

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

HSBC BANK PLC

By: 

/s/ Paul Phelps

Name: Paul Phelps

Title: Senior Legal Counsel

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

SOCIT GNRALE

By: 

/s/ Michael Shapiro

Name: Michael Shapiro

Title: Head of Debt Capital Markets

Socit Gnrale

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

By: 

/s/ George Graf

Name: George Graf

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

INTESA SANPAOLO IMI SECURITIES CORP.

By: 

/s/ Jon Basagoiti

Name: Jon Basagoiti

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

MERRILL LYNCH INTERNATIONAL

By: 

/s/ Angus Reynolds

Name: Angus Reynolds

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: 

/s/ Valerie Shadeck

Name: Valerie Shadeck

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

SMBC BANK INTERNATIONAL PLC

By: 

/s/ Marko Milos

Name: Marko Milos

Title: Authorised Signatory for SMBC Bank International plc

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK

By: 

/s/ Frances Watson

Name: Frances Watson

Title: Managing Director, Transaction Advisory

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

UNICREDIT BANK GMBH

By: 

/s/ A.Prause, DCM

Name: A.Prause, DCM

Title:

By: 

/s/ Stefan Hohenester

Name: Stefan Hohenester

Title: Managing Director, DCM

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ William J Carney

Name: William J Carney

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

By: 

/s/ Damon Mahon

Name: Damon Mahon

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

ACADEMY SECURITIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael Boyd

Name: Michael Boyd

Title: Chief Compliance Officer

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date
first above written.

ANZ SECURITIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Robyn Bedil

Name: Robyn Bedil

Title: Director, Debt Capital Markets

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC

By: 

/s/ Dan Klinger

Name: Dan Klinger

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

DANSKE BANK A/S

By: 

/s/ Kasper Resen Steenstrup

Name: Kasper Resen Steenstrup

Title: Senior Legal Director

By: 

/s/ Chen Chen Hu

Name: Chen Chen Hu

Title: Senior Legal Counsel

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH

By: 

/s/ Ben Smilchensky

Name: Ben Smilchensky

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Shamit Saha

Name: Shamit Saha

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC

By: 

/s/ Binliang Jin

Name: Ben Smilchensky

Title: President

By: 

/s/ David Guthrie

Name: David Guthrie

Title: Legal Department

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

ING BANK N.V., BELGIAN BRANCH

By: 

/s/ Kris Devos

Name: Kris Devos

Title: Global Head of Debt Syndicate

By: 

/s/ William de Vreede

Name: William de Vreede

Title: Global Head Legal Wholesale Banking

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written. 

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL PLC 

By: 

/s/ Kathryn McArdle

Name: Kathryn McArdle

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

SIEBERT WILLIAMS SHANK & CO., LLC

By: 

/s/ David A. Finkelstein, CFA

Name: David A. Finkelstein, CFA

Title: Sr. Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (PUBL) 

By: 

/s/ Emil Larma

Name: Emil Larma

Title: DCM

By: 

/s/ Vilppu Tarvainen

Name: Vilppu Tarvainen

Title: DCM

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK

By: 

/s/ Patrick Dupont-Liot

Name: Patrick Dupont-Liot

Title: Managing Director, Debt Capital Markets

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Robert Nordlinger

Name: Robert Nordlinger

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Principal Amount of Notes 

J.P. Morgan Securities plc 153,000,000 

BNP PARIBAS 126,000,000 

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. . 44,550,000 

Banco Santander, S.A. 44,550,000 

Citigroup Global Markets Limited 44,550,000 

HSBC Bank plc 44,550,000 

Socit Gnrale 44,550,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 29,250,000 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp. 29,250,000 

Merrill Lynch International 29,250,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 29,250,000 

SMBC Bank International plc 29,250,000 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank 29,250,000 

UniCredit Bank GmbH 29,250,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 29,250,000 

Wells Fargo Securities International Limited 29,250,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. 11,250,000 

ANZ Securities, Inc. 11,250,000 

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC 11,250,000 

Danske Bank A/S 11,250,000 

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 11,250,000 

ICBC Standard Bank Plc 11,250,000 

ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 11,250,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc.. 11,250,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC 11,250,000 

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 11,250,000 

Standard Chartered Bank 11,250,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. 11,250,000 

Total: 900,000,000 

SCHEDULE B 

1. 

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses (included in the General Disclosure Package)

General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus includes each of the following documents: 

1. Final term sheet, dated February 26, 2025, a copy of which is attached hereto as Schedule E. 

2. Net roadshow dated February 24 through February 26, 2025. 

2. 

Other Information Included in the General Disclosure Package 

The following information is also included in the General Disclosure Package: 

None. 

SCHEDULE C 

The Underwriters shall have received letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof and the Closing Date, of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP confirming that they are a registered public accounting firm and independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities Laws to the effect that: 

(i) in their opinion the audited consolidated financial statements examined by them and included in the Registration
Statements and the General Disclosure Package comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Laws; 

(ii) they have read the latest unaudited monthly consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) and the
supplementary summary unaudited financial information of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries made available by the Company and the minutes of the meetings of the stockholders, Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors of
the Company; and have made inquiries of certain officials of the Company who have responsibility for financial and accounting matters of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as to whether the unaudited monthly financial statements are
stated on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Registration Statement and General Disclosure Package; and on the basis thereof, nothing came to their attention which caused them
to believe that: 

(A) with respect to the period subsequent to the date of the most recent unaudited quarterly
consolidated financial statements included in the General Disclosure Package, at a specified date at the end of the most recent month, there were any increases in the short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries, or any change in stockholders equity or the consolidated capital stock of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries or any decreases in the net current assets or net assetsof the Company and its consolidatedsubsidiaries, as compared with the amounts shown on the latest balance sheet included in the General Disclosure Package; or for the period from the day
after the date of the most recent unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements for such entities included in the General Disclosure Package to such specified date, there were any decreases, as compared with the corresponding period in the
preceding year, in consolidated net sales, or net operating income, or consolidated net income or in the ratio of earnings to fixed charges of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, except for such changes, increases or decreases set forth
in such letter which the General Disclosure Package discloses have occurred or may occur; 

(iii) With respect to any
period as to which officials of the Company have advised that no consolidated financial statements as of any date or for any period subsequent to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A) above are available, they have made inquiries of certain
officials of the Company who have responsibility for the financial and accounting matters of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as to whether, at a specified date not more than three business days prior to the date

of such letter, there were any increases in the short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, or any change in stockholders equity or the consolidated
capital stock of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries or any decreases in the net current assets or net assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, as compared with the amounts shown on the most recent balance sheet for such
entities included in the General Disclosure Package; or for the period from the day after the date of the most recent unaudited quarterly financial statements for such entities included in the General Disclosure Package to such specified date, there
were any decreases, as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding year, in net sales, or net operating income, or consolidated net income or in the ratio of earnings to fixed charges of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and,
on the basis of such inquiries and the review of the minutes described in paragraph (ii) above, nothing came to their attention which caused them to believe that there was any such change, increase, or decrease, except for such changes,
increases or decreases set forth in such letter which the General Disclosure Package discloses have occurred or may occur; and 

(iv) they have compared specified dollar amounts (or percentages derived from such dollar amounts) and other financial and
statistical information contained in the Registration Statement, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is an electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433(h)) and the General
Disclosure Package (in each case to the extent that such dollar amounts, percentages and other financial and statistical information are derived from the general accounting records of the Company and its subsidiaries or are derived directly from
such records by analysis or computation) with the results obtained from inquiries, a reading of such general accounting records and other procedures specified in such letter and have found such dollar amounts, percentages and other financial and
statistical information to be in agreement with such results. 

All financial statements and schedules included in material
incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or the General Disclosure Package shall be deemed included in the Registration Statement or the General Disclosure Package for purposes of this Schedule. 

SCHEDULE D-1

Opinion of Anne M. Foulkes, 

Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company 

[Omitted.] 

SCHEDULE D-2

K&L Gates LLP Opinion and Negative Assurance Letter 

[Omitted.] 

SCHEDULE E 

Pricing Term Sheet 

Free
Writing Prospectus 

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433 

Registration Statement No. 333-270106

February 26, 2025 

900,000,000 

PPG
INDUSTRIES, INC. 

3.250% Notes due 2032 

Issuer: PPG Industries, Inc.

Format: SEC-Registered

Expected Ratings*: [Intentionally Omitted].

Trade Date: February 26, 2025

Settlement Date**: March 4, 2025 (T+4)

Minimum Denomination: 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof

Exchange Listing: PPG Industries, Inc. intends to apply to list the Notes on the New York Stock Exchange.

Day Count Convention: Actual / Actual (ICMA)

Title of Securities: 3.250% Notes due 2032

Principal Amount Offered: 900,000,000

Maturity Date: March 4, 2032

Price to Public: 99.422% of the principal amount offered

Coupon: 3.250% per annum

Yield to Maturity: 3.344%

Benchmark Security: 0.000% DBR due February 15, 2032

Spread to Benchmark Security: DBR + 107.9 bps

Benchmark Security Spot and Yield: 85.56%; 2.264%

Mid-Swap Yield: 2.294%

Spread to Mid-Swap: +105 bps

Interest Payment Date: March 4 of each year, commencing on March 4, 2026

Make-Whole Call: Prior to December 4, 2031 at DBR + 20 bps

Par Call: On or after December 4, 2031

CUSIP/ISIN/Common Code: 693506 BX4 / XS3013011203 / 301301120

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

J.P. Morgan Securities plc

BNP PARIBAS

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

Banco Santander, S.A.

Citigroup Global Markets Limited

HSBC Bank plc

Socit Gnrale

Senior Co-Managers: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

Intesa
Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp.

Merrill Lynch International

PNC
Capital Markets LLC

SMBC Bank International plc

The
Toronto-Dominion Bank

UniCredit Bank GmbH

U.S. Bancorp
Investments, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities International Limited

Co-Managers: 

Academy Securities, Inc.

ANZ Securities,
Inc.

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC

Danske Bank A/S

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

ICBC Standard Bank Plc

ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch

Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC

Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)

Standard Chartered
Bank

Truist Securities, Inc.

* 

A credit rating of a security is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to
review, revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 

** 

We expect to deliver the notes to purchasers on or about March 4, 2025, which will be the fourth
business day following the pricing of the notes (such settlement cycle being herein referred to as T+4). Under Rule 15c6-l under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the
secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to the business day preceding the settlement date will
be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle T+4, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to the
business day preceding the settlement date should consult their own advisor. 

The notes will be represented by
beneficial interests in fully registered permanent global notes (the international global notes) without interest coupons attached, which will be registered in the name of, and shall be deposited on or about March 4, 2025 with a
common depositary for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear), and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream). Any notes represented by global notes
held by a nominee of Euroclear or Clearstream will be subject to the then applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. Euroclear and Clearstreams current practice is to make payments in respect of global notes to
participants of record that hold an interest in the relevant global notes at the close of business on the date that is the clearing system business day (for these purposes, Monday to Friday inclusive except December 25th and January 1st) immediately
preceding each applicable interest payment date. 

This term sheet is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129,
including the same as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 

MiFID II and UK MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only / No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs KID Manufacturer target market (MiFID II and UK MiFIR
product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as not available to retail in EEA or UK. 

The communication of this term sheet and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the notes is not being made, and such
documents or materials have not been approved, by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the United Kingdoms Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA). Accordingly, such documents and/or
materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. This document and such other documents and/or materials are for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in
matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the Financial Promotion
Order)), (ii) fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order, (iii) are outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order
(all such persons together being referred to as relevant persons). This document is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to
which this term sheet and any other document or materials relates will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this term sheet or any of its contents.

Relevant stabilization regulations including FCA/ICMA will apply. 

This final term sheet supplements, and should be read in conjunction with, the issuers preliminary prospectus supplement dated
February 26, 2025 and accompanying prospectus dated February 28, 2023. 

This communication is for informational purposes
only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security. No offer to buy securities described herein can be accepted, and no part of the purchase price thereof can be received, unless the person making such
investment decision has received and reviewed the information contained in the relevant prospectus in making their investment decisions. The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which
this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the
issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you
request it by calling J.P. Morgan Securities plc collect at +44 (0)20 7134-2468 or BNP PARIBAS at +44 (0)20-7595-8222.

Any disclaimers or other notices that may appear below are not applicable to this communication and should be disregarded. Such
disclaimers or other notices were automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent via Bloomberg or another email system. 

SCHEDULE F 

Chief Financial Officers Certificate 

[Omitted.] 

SCHEDULE G 

[Omitted.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d849490dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. 

AND 

THE BANK OF NEW
YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. 

as Trustee 

TWELFTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

DATED MARCH 4, 2025 

to 

INDENTURE 

DATED AS OF MARCH 18, 2008 

TWELFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of
March 4, 2025, between PPG INDUSTRIES, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to those terms in the Indenture unless otherwise
indicated. 

R E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered an indenture dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Indenture) between the Company and
the Trustee (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.); 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered a first
supplemental indenture dated as of March 18, 2008 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered a
second supplemental indenture dated as of November 12, 2010 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and
delivered a third supplemental indenture dated as of August 3, 2012 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company
executed and delivered a fourth supplemental indenture dated as of November 12, 2014 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS,
the Company executed and delivered a fifth supplemental indenture dated as of March 13, 2015 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered a sixth supplemental indenture dated as of November 3, 2016 between the Company and the
Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered a seventh supplemental indenture dated as of February 27, 2018 between the
Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered an eighth supplemental indenture dated as of August 15, 2019
between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered a ninth supplemental indenture dated as of May 19,
2020 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered a tenth supplemental indenture dated as of
March 4, 2021 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company executed and delivered an eleventh supplemental indenture dated as of
May 25, 2022 between the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, Section 9.01 of the Indenture provides that the Company and the
Trustee may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Indenture, without the consent of any Holders, to add, among other things, covenants and agreements of the Company to be observed thereafter for the protection of the Holders of all
or any series of Securities and to establish the terms of any series of Securities; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to issue a new series of
Securities, the 900,000,000 3.250% Notes due 2032 (the Notes); and 

WHEREAS, all requirements necessary to make this
Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and enforceable instrument in accordance with its terms have been done and performed, and the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized in all respects. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

TERMSAND CONDITIONS

Section 1.01. Terms and Conditions. The terms and characteristics of the Notes
shall be as follows (the numbered clauses set forth below corresponding to the numbered subsections of Section 3.01 of the Indenture, with terms used and not defined herein having the meanings specified in the Indenture): 

(1) 

the titles of the Notes shall be 900,000,000 3.250% Notes due 2032; the CUSIP number and ISIN
number for the Notes are 693506 BX4 and XS3013011203, respectively; 

(2) 

the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall
be limited to 900,000,000; provided, however, that such authorized aggregate principal amount may from time to time be increased above such amount by an Establishment Action to such effect; 

(3) 

not applicable; 

(4) 

the date on which the principal on the Notes shall be payable shall be March 4, 2032;

(5) 

the Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 3.250% per annum. Interest shall accrue from the original issue
date of the Notes. The Interest Payment Date on which such interest on the Notes will be payable shall be March 4 of each year, commencing on March 4, 2026. The record date for the determination of Holders to whom interest is payable on
any such Interest Payment Date shall be the close of business on the clearing system business day (for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business) immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date;

(6) 

the principal of and any premium or interest on any Notes shall be payable at the office or agency of the
Company maintained for that purpose at the Corporate Trust Office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as London paying agent (the London Paying Agent), pursuant to the Paying Agency Agreement entered into in respect of the
Notes (the Paying Agency Agreement), dated March 4, 2025, between the Company and the London Paying Agent. The London Paying Agent is currently located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom;

(7) 

Prior to December 4, 2031 (the date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity date of the
Notes), the Notes will be redeemable in whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price, as determined by the Company, equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to
be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments (as defined below) of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable
Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 20 basis points, plus accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

On or after December 4, 2031 (the date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity date of the Notes), the
Company may redeem some or all of the Notes, in whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon
to the date of redemption. The Company shall calculate the redemption price. 

Comparable Government Bond Rate means, with respect to any
redemption date for the Notes, the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded up to 0.001), at which the gross redemption yield on the Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price
on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond (as defined below) on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable
Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by the Company. 

Comparable Government Bond means in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion
of an independent investment bank selected by the Company, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the Notes to be redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is
not in issue, such other German government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by the Company, determine to be appropriate for determining the
Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to each Note to be redeemed,
the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related redemption date but for such redemption; provided, however, that, if such redemption date is not an interest payment date with
respect to such Note, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be deemed to be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such redemption date. 

Neither the Trustee nor the London Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for calculating the redemption price. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with procedures of Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme (Clearstream) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear and together with Clearstream, the Depositary) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each
Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the applicable redemption price, on and
after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed
shall be selected by lot, or in the case of Global Securities, in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. 

If, as
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (including any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein), or any change in, or amendments to, an
official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after February 26, 2025, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel
of recognized standing selected by the Company, the Company becomes or the Company will become obligated to pay additional amounts (as described below in Section 1.01(18)) with respect to the Notes, then the Company may at any time at the
Companys option redeem, in whole, but not in part, the Notes on not less than 15 nor more than 60 days prior notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest (including any
additional amounts) on those Notes to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption; 

(8) 

not applicable; 

(9) 

the Notes shall be issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000, and integral multiples of 1,000 in
excess thereof; 

(10) 

All payments of interest and principal, including payments made upon any redemption of the Notes, will be
payable in euro. Any outstanding payments of principal or interest due pursuant to this Indenture will be payable in euro and will be converted into U.S. dollars on the basis of the then most recently available market exchange rate for euro, as
determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

If the euro is unavailable to the Company due to the
imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control or if the euro is no longer being used by the then-member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the
settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the euro is again available to the Company or so used. In such
circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of 

business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent
U.S. dollar/euro exchange rate published in the Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined
in our sole discretion on the basis of the then most recently available market exchange rate for euro. Any payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an event of default under the Notes, the Indenture or this
Supplemental Indenture. In no event, shall the Trustee be responsible for obtaining any foreign currency rate or otherwise effecting any conversions; 

(11) 

not applicable; 

(12) 

not applicable; 

(13) 

not applicable; 

(14) 

the Notes shall be subject to Sections 13.02 (Defeasance) and 13.03 (Covenant Defeasance) of the Indenture;

(15) 

(a) the Notes shall be issued in the form of one or more fully-registered Global Securities; (b) the
Depositary for such Global Securities shall be Clearstream and Euroclear; and (c) the procedures with respect to transfer and exchange of Global Securities shall be as set forth in the Indenture; 

(16) 

not applicable; 

(17) 

If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Notes
as described above, the Company shall be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof) of that Holders Notes
on the terms set forth in the Notes. In a Change of Control Offer, the Company shall be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes
repurchased to the date of repurchase (a Change of Control Payment). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control, but after public announcement of the
transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, a notice shall be mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the 

Depositarys procedures) to Holders of the Notes describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase such Notes on
the date specified in the applicable notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys procedures) (a Change of
Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys procedures) prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned
on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the applicable Change of Control Payment Date. 

On each
Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(A) accept for payment all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the applicable Change of Control Offer; 

(B) deposit with the London Paying
Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

(C) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate
stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. 

The Company shall not be required to make a Change
of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and the third party
purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Company shall not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default, other than a default
in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. 

The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule
14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a
Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations
and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer provisions herein by virtue of any such conflict. 

Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of the Companys subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, to any Person, other than the Company or one of the Companys subsidiaries; (ii) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the
beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or
other Voting Stock into which the Companys Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; (iii) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person,
or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for
cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting
Stock of the surviving Person or any direct or indirect parent company of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; (iv) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Companys Board of Directors
are not Continuing Directors; or (v) the adoption of a plan relating to the Companys liquidation or dissolution. The term Person, as used in this definition, has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Rating Event. 

Continuing Directors means, as of any date of determination, any member of the
Companys Board of Directors who (i) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date the Notes were issued or (ii) was nominated for election, elected or appointed to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the
Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination, election or appointment (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Companys proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for
election as a director, without objection to such nomination). 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than
Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement rating agency or Rating Agencies selected by the
Company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (i) each of Moodys and S&P; and (ii) if either Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the
Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act
selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors delivered to the Trustee) as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. 

Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered by each of the Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below an Investment
Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies on any day during the period (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing
60 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control. The Trustee shall have no duty or
responsibility to monitor any ratings on the Notes. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a
division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors. 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any specified Person (as
that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person; 

(18) 

Any Add-On Securities to the Notes shall be fungible with the
previously outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or be issued under a different CUSIP number. 

The Company will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, make payment as additional interest on the Notes
of such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net amount of the principal of, premium on, and interest on the Notes received by a holder of the Notes who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding
or deduction by us or any of our paying agents for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the United States (including any political subdivision or a taxing
authority thereof or therein) will not be less than the amount that would have been received by such holder if such tax had not been withheld or deducted; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply:

(A) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed by reason of the Holder (or the beneficial owner
for whose benefit such Holder holds such Note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the Holder or beneficial owner if the Holder or beneficial owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a
power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being considered as: 

1. being or having been engaged in
a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States; 

2. having
a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of the Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen
or resident of the United States; 

3. being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company
or a controlled foreign corporation for United States income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 

4. being or having been a
10-percent shareholder of the Company as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or any successor provision; or 

5. being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary
course of its trade or business, as described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code; 

(B) to any Holder that is not the sole
beneficial owner of the Notes, or a portion of the Notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the Holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the
fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial
or distributive share of the payment; 

(C) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been
imposed but for the failure of the Holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Holder or
beneficial owner of the Notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(D) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the Company or a
paying agent from the payment; 

(E) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or
personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(F) to any tax, assessment or other
governmental charge required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any Note, if the Holder or beneficial owner would have been able to avoid such withholding by presenting the Note (where presentation is
required) to another available paying agent; 

(G) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have
been imposed but for the presentation by the Holder of any Note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided
for, whichever occurs later; 

(H) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have
been imposed but for a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 

(I) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or
successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code; or 

(J) in the
case of any combination of items (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), and (I). 

The Notes are subject in all cases to
any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to the Notes. Except as specifically provided here, the Company will not be required to make any payment for any tax, assessment or other governmental
charge imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. 

As used in this Section 1.01(18), the term United States means the United States of America, the states of the
United States, the District of Columbia, and any political subdivision thereof, and the term United States person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation,
partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person under any applicable
Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTSTOTHE INDENTURE APPLICABLE ONLYTOTHE NOTES

Section 2.01. Section 1.01 of the Indenture.
Section 1.01 of the Indenture is hereby amended with respect to the Notes by adding the following after the definition of Depositary: 

Electronic Means means the following communications methods: e-mail, facsimile
transmission, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its
services hereunder. 

Section 2.02 Section 1.05 of the Indenture. Section 1.05 of the Indenture is
hereby amended with respect to the Notes by adding the following at the end of the Section: 

The Trustee shall have the right to
accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant to this Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency
certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever a
person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such
Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to
have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to
the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee
shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written
instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of
interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure

methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of
Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security
procedures. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Security, where this Indenture or any Security provides for
notice of any event or any other communication (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a holder of a Global Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee)
pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices at the Depositary. 

Section 2.03 Section 1.14 of the Indenture. Section 1.14 of the Indenture is hereby amended in its
entirety with respect to the Notes to state: 

Section 1.14 Waiver of Jury Trial.

EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Section 2.04 Section 1.16 of the Indenture. Section 1.16 of the Indenture is hereby added to the Indenture
with respect to the Notes to state: 

Section 1.16 Submission to Jurisdiction.

The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New
York or any federal court sitting in the Southern District in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture and the Notes, and irrevocably accepts for
itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. 

Section 2.05
Section 6.02 of the Indenture. Section 6.02(i) and (j) of the Indenture are hereby amended in their entirety with respect to the Notes to state: 

(i) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has
received written notice of any event which is in fact such a default at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the particular Securities and this Indenture. 

(j) In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive
or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

Section 2.06 Section 11.03 of the Indenture. The first paragraph of Section 11.03 of the Indenture is
hereby amended in its entirety with respect to the Notes to state: 

If less than all the Securities of any series are to be redeemed
(unless all of the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities of such series
not previously called for redemption, in accordance with applicable Depositary procedures and which may provide for the selection for redemption of portions (equal to the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of that series or any integral
multiple thereof) of the principal amount of Securities of such series of a denomination larger than the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of that series. If less than all of the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to
be redeemed, the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date from the Outstanding Securities of such series and specified tenor not previously called for redemption in accordance with the
preceding sentence. 

Section 2.07 Section 3.03 of the Indenture. The first sentence of the last
paragraph of Section 3.03 of the Indenture is hereby amended in its entirety with respect to the Notes to state: 

No Security
shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Security a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual or
electronic signature, and such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 3.01. Effect of Supplemental Indenture. Upon the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture by the Company and
the Trustee, the Indenture shall be modified in accordance herewith, and this Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the
Indenture shall be bound thereby. 

Section 3.02. Indenture Remains in Full Force and Effect. Except as supplemented
and amended hereby, all provisions in the Indenture shall remain in full force and effect. 

Section 3.03. Indenture and
Supplemental Indenture Construed Together. This Supplemental Indenture is an indenture supplemental to and in implementation of the Indenture, and the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture shall henceforth be read and construed together.

Section 3.04. Confirmation of Indenture. The Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all
respects confirmed and ratified. 

Section 3.05. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision of this Supplemental
Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof which is required to be included in this Supplemental Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control. 

Section 3.06. Separability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 3.07. Successors and Assigns. All agreements in this Supplemental Indenture shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the respective successors and assigns of the Company and the Trustee. 

Section 3.08. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of the
Trustee. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not
elsewhere herein so provided. The Trustee, for itself and its successor or successors, accepts the terms of the Indenture as amended by this Supplemental Indenture, and agrees to perform the same, but only subject to the terms and provisions
defining and limiting the liabilities and responsibilities of the Trustee, which terms and provisions shall in like manner define and limit its liabilities and responsibilities in the performance of the trust created by the Indenture. The Trustee
makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture other than as to the validity of its execution and delivery by the Trustee. The recitals and statements herein are deemed to be those of the Company and not of
the Trustee. 

Section 3.09. Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

Section 3.10. Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture
may be executed in any number of separate counterparts by the parties hereto, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

Section 3.11. FATCA. In order to comply with applicable tax laws (inclusive of rules, regulations and interpretations promulgated
by competent authorities) related to the Indenture and Notes in effect from time to time (Applicable Law) that a non-U.S. financial institution, issuer, trustee, paying agent or other party is or
has agreed to be subject to, the Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee and any paying agent sufficient information about the parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee and
any paying agent can determine whether any of them has tax related obligations under Applicable Law, (ii) that the Trustee and any paying agent shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments to the extent necessary to
comply with Applicable Law for which the Trustee and any paying agent shall not have any liability and (iii) to indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee and any paying agent for any losses any of them may suffer due to the actions it takes to
comply with Applicable Law. Subsection (iii) shall survive the termination of the Indenture, payment in full of the Notes, and the resignation or removal of the Trustee and any paying agent. 

Section 3.12 Economic Sanctions. 

(a) The Company covenants and represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or
subject of any sanctions enforced by the US Government, (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury or the US Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively Sanctions); 

(b) The Company covenants
and represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers will directly or indirectly use any repayments/reimbursements made pursuant to this agreement, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business
with any person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or
(iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed, as of the day and year first written above. 

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ John A. Jankowski

Name: John A. Jankowski

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed, as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Marie A. Hattinger

Name: Marie A. Hattinger

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d849490dex44.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.4
<TEXT>
EX-4.4

Exhibit 4.4 

This Security is a Global Security within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of a Depositary or a nominee
thereof. This Security may not be transferred to, or registered or exchanged for Securities registered in the name of, any Person other than the Depositary or a nominee thereof and no such transfer may be registered, except in the limited
circumstances described in the Indenture. Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, this Security shall be a Global Security subject to the foregoing, except in such limited
circumstances. 

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. 

900,000,000 3.250% Notes due 2032 

No. 900,000,000

CUSIP No.: 693506 BX4

ISIN No.: XS3013011203

PPG Industries, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Pennsylvania (herein called the
Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, as nominee for The Bank of New York Mellon,
London Branch (the London Paying Agent), as common depositary of Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear and together with Clearstream, the
Depositary), or registered assigns, the principal sum of 900,000,000 Euro on March 4, 2032 and to pay interest thereon from March 4, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, annually on March 4 in each year, commencing March 4, 2026, at the rate of 3.250% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for,
on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which
shall be the clearing system business day (for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business) immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will
forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the
payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not
inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that
purpose at The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as London Paying Agent, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom, in euro, unless the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the Eurozone that have adopted
the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, in which case all payments in respect of the Securities then will be made in U.S. dollars until the euro is
again available to the Company or so used; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security
Register. In no event shall the London Paying Agent or the Trustee have any responsibility for obtaining foreign currency rates, or otherwise effecting conversions. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which
further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been
executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Attest: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Global Note] 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned
Indenture. 

Dated: 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUSTCOMPANY, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

[BACK OF SECURITY] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or
more series under an Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008, the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 12, 2010, the Third Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of August 3, 2012, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 12, 2014, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2015, the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 3,
2016, the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2018, the Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2019, the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2020, the Tenth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of March 4, 2021, and the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2022 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee
(herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto (including, without limitation the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
March 4, 2025 between the Company and the Trustee) reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of
the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to 900,000,000. 

Optional Redemption 

Prior to December 4, 2031 (the
date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity date), the Securities of this series will be redeemable in whole or in part, at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price, as determined by the
Company, equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the Remaining Scheduled Payments (as defined below) of principal and interest thereon, discounted to the redemption date on
an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 20 basis points, plus accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. The Company shall calculate the redemption price. 

On or after December 4, 2031 (the date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity date), the Company may redeem some or all of the Securities
of this series, in whole or in part, at its option, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

Comparable Government Bond Rate means, with respect to any redemption date for the Securities of
this series, the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded up to 0.001), at which the gross redemption yield on the Securities to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third
business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond (as defined below) on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond
prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by the Company. 

Comparable
Government Bond means, with respect to the Securities of this series, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by the Company, a German government bond whose
maturity is closest to the maturity of the Securities to be redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such independent investment bank
may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by the Company, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to the Securities of this series to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the
principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related redemption date but for such redemption; provided, however, that, if such redemption date is not an interest payment date with respect to such note, the amount of the
next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be deemed to be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such redemption date. 

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with depositary procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Securities of this series to be redeemed. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the applicable redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Securities
of this series or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Securities of this series are to be redeemed, the Securities of this series to be redeemed shall be selected by lot, or in the case of Global Securities, in accordance
with applicable depositary procedures. 

Subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in the Indenture, the Company will pay as additional interest
on the Securities of this series such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net amount of the principal of and interest on the Securities of this series received by a beneficial owner who is not a United States person, after
withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States, will not be less than the amount that would have been received by such
beneficial owner if such tax had not been withheld or deducted. 

The Securities of this series are also subject to redemption prior to maturity if certain
events occur involving U.S. taxation. If any of these special tax events do occur, the Securities of this series will be redeemed, in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price of 100% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to
the date fixed for redemption. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of certain restrictive covenants and Events of
Default with respect to Securities of this series, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of
Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company
and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding
of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such
series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon
such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect
to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this
series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered
the Trustee reasonable indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request,
and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment
of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no
provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in
the coin or currency, herein prescribed or to convert this Security as provided in the Indenture. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any
premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, 

or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the London Paying Agent duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing,
and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of 100,000, and integral multiples of
1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of
transfer or exchange, but the Company or the London Paying Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the
Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d849490dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1

March 4, 2025 

PPG
Industries, Inc. 

One PPG Place 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
15272 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as transaction
counsel to PPG Industries, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of 900,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.250% Notes due 2032 (the Notes)
pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated February 26, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the Company and the underwriters named therein (collectively, the Underwriters). The Notes are being offered and sold to
the Underwriters in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

The following documents are
referred to collectively in this opinion letter as the Transaction Documents: 

1. 

The Underwriting Agreement; 

2. 

The Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, the Second
Supplemental Indenture, the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, the Eighth Supplemental Indenture, the Ninth
Supplemental Indenture, the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture and the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known
as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee (the Trustee); 

3. 

The First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the First Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

4. 

The Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 12, 2010 (the Second Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

K&L GATES LLP 

K&L GATES CENTER 210 SIXTH AVENUE PITTSBURGH PA 15222-2613 

T +1 412 355 6500 F +1 412 355 6501 klgates.com 

PPG Industries, Inc. 

March 4, 2025 

Page
2

5. 

The Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 3, 2012 (the Third Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

6. 

The Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 12, 2014 (the Fourth Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

7. 

The Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2015 (the Fifth Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

8. 

The Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 3, 2016 (the Sixth Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

9. 

The Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2018 (the Seventh Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

10. 

The Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2019 (the Eighth Supplemental Indenture),
between the Company and the Trustee; 

11. 

The Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2020 (the Ninth Supplemental Indenture),
between the Company and the Trustee; 

12. 

The Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2021 (the Tenth Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; 

13. 

The Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2022 (the Eleventh Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee; and 

14. 

The Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2025 (the Twelfth Supplemental
Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee. 

In connection with rendering the opinions set forth below, we
have examined (i) the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.: 333-270106) (the Registration Statement) filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) on February 28, 2023, relating to the offer and sale by the Company, from time to time, in one or more classes or series, debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, warrants, depositary shares,
purchase contracts or units, or any combination of these securities; (ii) the base prospectus, dated February 28, 2023, forming a part of the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus); (iii) the preliminary prospectus
supplement, dated February 26, 2025, relating to the Notes, as filed by the Company with the Commission on February 26, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, including all material incorporated by reference therein;
(iv) the Final Term Sheet relating to the Notes, as filed by the Company with the Commission on February 26, 2025 pursuant to Rule 433 under the Securities Act; (iv) the final prospectus supplement, dated February 26, 2025,
reflecting the final terms of the Notes and the terms of the offering 

PPG Industries, Inc. 

March 4, 2025 

Page
3

thereof, as filed by the Company with the Commission on February 27, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, including all material incorporated by reference therein (together
with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus); (v) the Transaction Documents; (vi) the Companys Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Amended and Restated Bylaws; (vii) a copy of the resolutions adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Company on February 15, 2024, relating to the issuance and sale of the Notes by the Company; and (viii) a copy of the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on February 16, 2023,
relating to the filing of the Registration Statement. We also have made such investigation of law as we have deemed appropriate. 

For the
purposes of this opinion letter, we have made the assumptions that (i) each document submitted to us is accurate and complete; (ii) each such document that is an original is authentic; (iii) each such document that is a copy conforms
to an authentic original; and (iv) all signatures on each such document are genuine. We also have assumed for purposes of this opinion letter (i) the legal capacity of natural persons; (ii) that each party to each of the Transaction
Documents has the legal capacity or authority and has satisfied all legal requirements that are applicable to that party to the extent necessary to make each Transaction Document to which it is a party enforceable against it; and (iii) that
each party to each of the Transaction Documents has complied with all state and federal statutes, rules and regulations applicable to it arising out of the transactions set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. We have not
verified any of the foregoing assumptions. 

The opinions expressed in this opinion letter are limited to (i) the law of the State of
New York, other than its law relating to choice of law (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York); (ii) applicable
federal securities laws of the United States; and (iii) the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law. We are not opining on, and we assume no responsibility for, the applicability to or effect on any of the matters covered herein of any other
laws, the laws of any county, municipality or other political subdivision or local governmental agency or authority. 

Based on and subject
to the foregoing and to the additional qualifications and other matters set forth below, it is our opinion that the Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered and, when authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture
and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits set forth in the Indenture (subject to the effect of bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, receivership, moratorium and other laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or secured parties generally, and to the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general principles of
equity (whether applied by a court of law or equity)). 

PPG Industries, Inc. 

March 4, 2025 

Page
4

We express no opinion as to any provision in the Notes: (i) that purports to release,
exculpate or exempt a party from, or require indemnification or contribution of a party for, liability for its own negligence or misconduct; (ii) that purports to allow any party to unreasonably interfere in the conduct of the business of
another party; (iii) the effect of which is governed by laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the applicable federal securities laws of the United States or the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law; (iv) that purports to
require any party to pay any amounts due to another party without a reasonable accounting of the sums purported to be due; (v) that purports to prohibit the assignment of rights that may be assigned pursuant to applicable law regardless of an
agreement not to assign such rights; (vi) that purports to require that amendments to any agreement be in writing; (vii) relating to powers of attorney, severability or set-off; (viii) that
purports to select a particular forum; (ix) that purports to waive or modify a partys equitable rights or obligation of good faith, fair dealing, diligence, reasonableness or due notice; and (x) providing that decisions by a party
are conclusive or may be made in its sole discretion. 

This opinion is limited to the matters stated in this letter, and no opinions may
be implied or inferred beyond the matters expressly stated in this letter. This opinion is being given as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to update or supplement any of our opinions to reflect any changes of law or fact that may
occur. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, the incorporation by reference of this opinion into the Registration Statement and the reference to this firm under the headings Validity of the Notes and Legal Matters in the Prospectus
forming a part thereof. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act. 

Yours truly,

/s/ K&L Gates LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ppg-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ppg-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ppg-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

A 0.875 Notesdue 2025 [Member] 
A 0.875 Notesdue 2025 [Member] 

A 1875 Notes Due 2025 [Member] 
A 1875 Notes Due 2025 [Member] 

A 1.400 Notesdue 2027 [Member] 
A 1.400 Notesdue 2027 [Member] 

A 2750 Notes Due 2029 [Member] 
A 2750 Notes Due 2029 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ppg-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g849490g0301090107680.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 26, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name PPG INDUSTRIES INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000079879

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code PA

Entity File Number 001-1687

Entity Tax Identification Number 25-0730780

Entity Address, Address Line One One PPG Place

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15272

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 434-3131

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $1.66 2/3

Trading Symbol PPG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 0.875 Notesdue 2025 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.875% Notes due 2025

Trading Symbol PPG 25

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 1875 Notes Due 2025 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.875% Notes due 2025

Trading Symbol PPG 25A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 1.400 Notesdue 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.400% Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol PPG 27

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 2750 Notes Due 2029 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.750% Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol PPG 29A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: ppg_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: ppg_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ppg_A0.875Notesdue2025Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ppg_A1875NotesDue2025Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ppg_A1.400Notesdue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ppg_A2750NotesDue2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
6 
22 
1 
false 
5 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ppg.com//20250226/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d849490d8k.htm 
ppg-20250226.xsd 
ppg-20250226_def.xml 
ppg-20250226_lab.xml 
ppg-20250226_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-044838-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d849490d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000079879 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000079879 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000079879 

ppg:A0.875Notesdue2025Member 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000079879 

ppg:A1875NotesDue2025Member 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000079879 

ppg:A1.400Notesdue2027Member 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000079879 

ppg:A2750NotesDue2029Member 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

PPG INDUSTRIES INC 
false 
0000079879 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
PA 
001-1687 
25-0730780 
One PPG Place 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15272 
(412) 
434-3131 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $1.66 2/3 
PPG 
NYSE 
0.875% Notes due 2025 
PPG 25 
NYSE 
1.875% Notes due 2025 
PPG 25A 
NYSE 
1.400% Notes due 2027 
PPG 27 
NYSE 
2.750% Notes due 2029 
PPG 29A 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>