<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-003782.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-003782.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115162922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-003782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARCH RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001037676
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE SURFACE MINING [1221]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				430921172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13105
		FILM NUMBER:		25533240

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CITY PLACE ONE STE 300
		STREET 2:		ARCH MINERAL CORP
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3149942700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CITYPLACE ONE SUITE 300
		STREET 2:		ARCH MINERAL CORP
		CITY:			CREVE COEUR
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARCH COAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARCH MINERAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970411
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000103767600010376762025-01-132025-01-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported):January 13, 2025

Arch Resources,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

Delaware 1-13105 43-0921172

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

CityPlace
One

One
CityPlace Drive, Suite 300

St.
Louis, Missouri63141

(Address,
including zip code, of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (314) 994-2700

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under
the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.01 par value ARCH New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On
January 14, 2025 (the Closing Date), Arch Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Arch or
the Company), completed its previously announced merger of equals transaction with
CONSOL Energy Inc., a Delaware corporation (CONSOL), pursuant to the terms of
that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company,
CONSOL and Mountain Range Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned
subsidiary of CONSOL (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Arch (the
Merger), with Arch continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of CONSOL.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On the Closing Date and in
connection with the Merger, a subsidiary of the Company, Arch Receivable Company, LLC, as seller, another subsidiary of the Company, Arch
Coal Sales Company, Inc., as initial servicer, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator and issuer of letters of credit thereunder
and the other parties party thereto, as securitization purchasers, entered into that certain Ninth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated
Receivables Purchase Agreement (the Amendment), which amends that certain Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase
Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2016, as amended (the Receivables Purchase Agreement). The Amendment permits the
Receivables Purchase Agreement to remain outstanding following consummation of the Merger, including by amending the change of control
provisions thereunder.

The foregoing description of the Amendment does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1
hereto and incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

On the Closing Date and in connection with the
Merger, Arch terminated all outstanding obligations under (i) the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2024, by and among
Arch, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, in its
capacity as administrative agent, as amended, and (ii) the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2017, by and among Arch
and certain of its subsidiaries, as borrowers, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Regions Bank, in its capacities as administrative
agent and as collateral agent, as amended.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

At the effective time of the
Merger (the Effective Time), each share of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and Class B common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Arch (together, Arch Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than certain excluded shares as described in the Merger Agreement) was automatically converted into the right to
receive 1.326 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Exchange Ratio), of Core Natural Resources, Inc.
(Core) (formerly known as CONSOL) (Core Common Stock).

At the Effective Time, CONSOL
changed its name to Core Natural Resources, Inc. and retained CONSOLs headquarters in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania,
with CONSOL common stock continuing to trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE). In addition, in connection with
the Merger, CONSOL changed its NYSE ticker symbol from CEIX to CNR and Core Common Stock is trading through
a new CUSIP (218937100). Core Common Stock began trading under the new NYSE ticker symbol and CUSIP at the open of trading on January 15,
2025.

At the Effective Time, each
restricted stock unit award of Arch that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time fully vested, was cancelled and automatically
converted into the right to receive, a number of shares of Core Common Stock equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole number)
of (x) the number of shares of Arch Common Stock subject to such award as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied
by (y) the Exchange Ratio. Also at the Effective Time, each performance-based restricted stock unit award of Arch that was outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time fully vested, was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive a number of
shares of Core Common Stock equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole number) of (I) the number of shares of Arch Common
Stock subject to such award as of immediately prior to the Effective Time equal to the greater of (x) 100% of the target number of
shares of Arch Common Stock subject to the award and (y) the number of shares of Arch Common Stock subject to the portion of the
award that would have vested as of the Effective Time based on actual achievement of the performance goals related to such award as of
the Effective Time, multiplied by (II) the Exchange Ratio.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

Prior to the completion of the Merger, shares of
Arch Common Stock were listed and traded on the NYSE under the trading symbol ARCH. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the
Company notified the NYSE of the Merger and requested that the NYSE withdraw the listing of Arch Common Stock. Upon the Companys
request, on January 14, 2025, the NYSE filed a notification of removal from listing on Form 25 with the SEC with respect to
the delisting of the Arch Common Stock and the deregistration of the Arch Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.
The trading of Arch Common Stock on the NYSE was suspended before the opening of the market on January 14, 2025, and the Arch Common
Stock is no longer listed on the NYSE.

In addition, Arch intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 requesting that the reporting obligations of Arch under Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of
the Exchange Act be suspended.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note
and Item 3.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger,
at the Effective Time, Arch became a wholly owned subsidiary of Core, with Core
continuing as the surviving entity.

The information set forth under the Introductory
Note and Items 2.01, 3.03 and 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

In accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, all of the directors and officers of Arch prior to the Effective Time ceased to be directors and officers of Arch
effective as of the Effective Time. As of the Effective Time, Messrs. Miteshkumar B. Thakkar and George J. Schuller Jr. and Ms. Rosemary L. Klein, who were members of the board of directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, became members
of Archs board of directors.

Each person designated as a director of Arch
will serve as a director until such persons successor has been appointed and qualified or elected or such persons
earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the organizational documents of Arch.

Other than as described above, there are no
arrangements or understandings between Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein and the Company or any
other person pursuant to which Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein was appointed as a director of
the Company. There are no related party transactions between Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein
and the Company that are required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In addition, as of the Effective Time, each
of the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time became the officers of Arch, including the following
individuals:

Miteshkumar B. Thakkar President and Treasurer

George J. Schuller Jr. Vice President

Rosemary L. Klein Vice President and Corporate Secretary

Each such officer will serve until such officers
successor is appointed or such officers earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal in accordance with
the organizational documents of the Company. Additional information relating to the executive officers is set forth below: 

Miteshkumar B. Thakkar, 46, has served as
President and Chief Financial Officer of Core since the Effective Time. He previously served as CONSOLs President from
January 19, 2023 until the Effective Time and as its Chief Financial Officer from June 2020 until the Effective Time. Prior to that,
Mr. Thakkar served as CONSOLs interim Chief Financial Officer from January 2020 until his appointment as Chief Financial
Officer in June 2020.

George J. Schuller Jr., 61, has served as
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Core since the Effective Time. He previously served as Senior Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer of Arch from March 2024 until the Effective Time. He joined Arch after serving as Chief Operations
Officer of Compass Minerals, Inc., a publicly-held global provider of essential minerals for consumer, industrial and agricultural
uses from September 2019 to February 2024.

Rosemary L. Klein, 57, has served as Senior
Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Core since the Effective Time. She previously served as Senior Vice
President Law, General Counsel and Secretary of Arch from October 2020 until the Effective Time. Prior to that, she served
as special counsel in Archs legal department since 2015.

Except as described above, there are no other arrangements or understandings between Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein and the
Company or any other person pursuant to which Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein was selected as an officer of the Company. There
are no family relationships between Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein and any director or executive officer of the Company. There
are no related party transactions between Messrs. Thakkar or Schuller or Ms. Klein and the Company that are required to be disclosed under
Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

At the Effective Time, Archs Restated Certificate
of Incorporation was amended and restated in accordance with the Merger Agreement, and the bylaws of Merger Sub in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time became the bylaws of Arch (subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the Merger Agreement). Copies of
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Arch and Amended and Restated Bylaws of Arch are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2,
respectively, hereto and are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 14, 2025, Core issued a press release
announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of that press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

The information furnished pursuant to Item 7.01,
including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly
set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 8.01 Other Matters.

On January 13, 2025, CONSOL purchased an aggregate
principal amount of $98.1 million of the outstanding (i) Solid Waste Disposal Facility Revenue Bonds (Arch Resources Project), Series 2020,
and (ii) Solid Waste Disposal Facility Revenue Bonds (Arch Resources Project), Series 2021 (together, the Arch Bonds),
which were issued by the West Virginia Economic Development Authority for the benefit of Arch. CONSOL also consented to the release of
all liens, mortgages and security interests granted or purported to be granted pursuant to the security documents relating to the Arch
Bonds and to the termination of all such security documents. The $98.1 million of Arch Bonds purchased by CONSOL on January 13, 2025
constitute all of the outstanding Arch Bonds.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 20, 2024, by and among Arch Resources, Inc., Mountain Range Merger Sub Inc. and CONSOL Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 10-K filed August 21, 2024)

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Arch Resources, Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Arch Resources, Inc.

10.1* Ninth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2024 among Arch Receivable Company, LLC, as seller, Arch Coal Sales Company, Inc., as servicer, PNC Bank, National Association as administrator and issuer of letters of credit thereunder and the other parties party thereto, as securitization purchasers.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 14, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

* Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant
to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules
upon request by the SEC.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 15, 2025 Arch Resources, Inc.

By: /s/ Rosemary L. Klein

Rosemary L. Klein

Vice President and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ARCH RESOURCES, INC.

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation
(which is hereinafter referred to as the Corporation) is: Arch Resources, Inc.

ARTICLE II

The address, including street,
number, city and county, of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation
Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19801; and the name of the registered agent
of the Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized and incorporated under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) or any successor statute.

ARTICLE IV

Section 1. The Corporation
shall be authorized to issue one thousand (1,000) shares of capital stock, all of which 1,000 shares shall be shares of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock).

Section 2. The Common
Stock shall have the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations, or restrictions thereof, as hereinafter set forth in this ARTICLE IV.

(a) Dividends. The
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared, out of assets and funds legally available therefor, cash or
non-cash dividends payable as and when the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) in its
sole business judgment so declares. Any such dividend shall be payable ratably to all record holders of Common Stock as of the record
date fixed by the Board of Directors in accordance with the by-laws of the Corporation (the By-Laws) for the payment
thereof.

(b) Liquidation Rights.
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for
payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of Common Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid
ratably out of the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, in proportion to the
number of shares of Common Stock held by each such holder (including any declared but unpaid dividends on the Common Stock, subject to
proportionate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, stock distribution or combination with respect to such shares)
of such assets and funds.

A-1

(c) Voting. Except
as required by law, or as otherwise provided herein or in any amendment hereof:

(i) the entire
voting power of the Corporation shall be vested in the holders of the Common Stock, and

(ii) each holder
of Common Stock entitled to vote shall at every meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation be entitled to one vote for each share
of Common Stock registered in his or her name on the record of stockholders.

ARTICLE V

Any one or more directors
may be removed, with or without cause, by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted in the election of directors.

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in
limitation of those powers conferred by law, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered to make, alter and repeal the
By-Laws.

ARTICLE VII

Meetings of the stockholders
shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated by, or in the manner provided in, the By-Laws
or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware. Elections of directors need not be by
written ballot unless and to the extent that the By-Laws so provide.

ARTICLE VIII

The Corporation reserves the
right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation,
and any other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner
now or hereinafter prescribed by law, and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, directors
or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted
subject to the right reserved in this ARTICLE VIII.

ARTICLE IX

Section 1. A director
or officer of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for liability (a) for any breach of such directors or officers duty
of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (c) for a director pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, (d) for any transaction from which
such director derived an improper personal benefit or (e) for an officer in any action by or in the right of the Corporation.

A-2

Section 2. Neither the
amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE IX, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with
ARTICLE IX shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this ARTICLE IX in respect of the liability or alleged liability of any director
or officer of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director or officer occurring before such amendment,
repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

* * * * *

A-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED & RESTATED BY-LAWS

of

ARCH RESOURCES, INC.

dated as of January 14, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

SECTION 1. REGISTERED OFFICE 1

SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICES 1

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS
OF STOCKHOLDERS 

SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS 1

SECTION 2. SPECIAL MEETINGS 1

SECTION 3. VOTING 1

SECTION 4. QUORUM 2

SECTION 5. NOTICE OF MEETINGS 2

SECTION 6. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING 2

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS 

SECTION 1. NUMBER AND TERM 2

SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS 2

SECTION 3. VACANCIES 3

SECTION 4. REMOVAL 3

SECTION 5. COMMITTEES 3

SECTION 6. MEETINGS 3

SECTION 7. QUORUM 4

SECTION 8. COMPENSATION 4

SECTION 9. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING 4

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS 

SECTION 1. OFFICERS 4

SECTION 2. PRESIDENT 4

SECTION 3. VICE PRESIDENTS 5

SECTION 4. CORPORATE SECRETARY 5

SECTION 5. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES 5

-i-

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 1. CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 5

SECTION 2. LOST CERTIFICATES 5

SECTION 3. TRANSFER OF SHARES 6

SECTION 4. STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE 6

SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS 6

SECTION 6. SEAL 7

SECTION 7. FISCAL YEAR 7

SECTION 8. CHECKS 7

SECTION 9. NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE 7

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION 

SECTION 1. MANDATORY INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 7

SECTION 2. RIGHTS OF INDEMNITEE TO BRING SUIT 8

SECTION 3. PERMISSIVE INDEMNIFICATION OF NON-OFFICER EMPLOYEES
AND AGENTS 9

SECTION 4. GENERAL PROVISIONS 9

SECTION 5. INSURANCE 9

ARTICLE VII 

AMENDMENTS 

-ii-

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

SECTION 1. REGISTERED OFFICE The address,
including street, number, city and county, of the registered office of Arch Resources, Inc. (the Corporation)
in the State of Delaware is c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County
of New Castle, State of Delaware 19801; and the name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address
is The Corporation Trust Company.

SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICES The Corporation
may have other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors of the Corporation
(the Board of Directors) may from time to time select or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS Annual meetings
of stockholders for the election of directors, and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting, shall be held
at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall
determine and as set forth in the notice of the meeting. If the date of the annual meeting shall fall upon a legal holiday, the meeting
shall be held on the next succeeding business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors
and they may transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting.

SECTION 2. SPECIAL MEETINGS
Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the
President or the Corporate Secretary, or by resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 3. VOTING Each stockholder
entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation)
and these By-Laws may vote in person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date unless such proxy provides
for a longer period. All elections for directors shall be decided by plurality vote; all other questions shall be decided by majority
vote except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware.

A complete list of the stockholders entitled to
vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each, and the number of shares held by each, shall be open to
the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least
ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the
notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept
at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is entitled to be present
at such meeting.

SECTION 4. QUORUM Except as otherwise
required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding
shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders.
In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in
person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of
stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment
or adjournments thereof.

SECTION 5. NOTICE OF MEETINGS Written
notice, stating the place, date and time of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be considered, shall be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote thereat, at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, not less than ten nor more
than sixty days before the date of the meeting. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without
the unanimous consent of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat.

SECTION 6. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING Unless
otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting
of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action
so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the
taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have
not consented in writing.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. NUMBER AND TERM The business
and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of a Board of Directors which shall consist of not less than one
person. The exact number of directors shall initially be two and may thereafter be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his or her successor
shall be elected and shall qualify. A director need not be a stockholder.

SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS Any director
may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time
be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or the Corporate Secretary. The acceptance
of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

-2-

SECTION 3. VACANCIES If the office
of any director becomes vacant, the remaining directors in the office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, may appoint any
qualified person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his or her successor shall be duly chosen.
If the office of any director becomes vacant and there are no remaining directors, the stockholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders
of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation, at a special meeting called for such purpose, may appoint any
qualified person to fill such vacancy.

SECTION 4. REMOVAL Except as hereinafter
provided, any director or directors may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the voting power entitled to vote for the election of directors, at an annual meeting or a special meeting called for the
purpose, and the vacancy thus created may be filled, at such meeting, by the affirmative vote of holders of shares constituting a majority
of the voting power of the Corporation.

SECTION 5. COMMITTEES The Board of
Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each
committee to consist of one or more directors of the Corporation.

Any such committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution of the Board of Directors, or in these By-Laws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors
in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation (if any) to be affixed
to any instrument requiring it.

SECTION 6. MEETINGS Regular meetings
of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution
of the Board of Directors.

Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be
called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President, or by the Corporate Secretary upon the written request of any director
then in office, on at least one days notice to each director (except that notice to any director may be waived in writing by such
director or shall be deemed waived by such directors attendance at a meeting, except when such director attends a meeting for
the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not called
or convened in accordance with these By-Laws) and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the Board of Directors,
or as shall be stated in the call of the meeting.

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of
Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate
in any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment
by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute
presence in person at the meeting.

-3-

The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any,
or, if at any time the Corporation does not have a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a member of the Board of Directors appointed by
the Board of Directors, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 7. QUORUM A majority of the
Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less
than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained, and no further
notice thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be so adjourned. The vote of the majority of the Directors
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors unless the Certificate of Incorporation
or these By-Laws shall require the vote of a greater number.

SECTION 8. COMPENSATION Directors shall
not receive any stated salary for their services as directors or as members of committees, but by resolution of the Board of Directors
a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to
preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation
therefor.

SECTION 9. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING Any
action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a
meeting if a written consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or of such committee, as the case may be, and
such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

SECTION 1. OFFICERS The officers of
the Corporation shall be one or more Presidents and a Corporate Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors and
shall hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualified. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect such additional
Presidents and Vice Presidents (including a Chief Financial Officer and a Legal and General Counsel) and Assistant Secretaries as it
may deem proper. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices
for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

SECTION 2. PRESIDENT The President
shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of President of a corporation. The
President shall have the power to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts on behalf of the Corporation, and to cause the seal of
the Corporation (if any) to be affixed to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed the seal shall be attested to by the signature
of the Corporate Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. For clarity, if there are multiple Presidents such Presidents shall each have such
powers.

-4-

SECTION 3. VICE PRESIDENTS Vice Presidents,
if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 4. CORPORATE SECRETARY The
Corporate Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and of the Board of Directors and all other
notices required by law or by these By-Laws, and in the case of his or her absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may
be given by any person thereunto directed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President, or by the Board of Directors, upon
whose request the meeting is called as provided in these By-Laws. He or she shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Board
of Directors, any committees thereof and the stockholders of the Corporation in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform
such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President.
He or she shall have the custody of the seal of the Corporation (if any) and shall affix the same to any instrument requiring it, when
authorized by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President, and attest to the same.

SECTION 5. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES
Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall be elected and shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned
to them, respectively, by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. CERTIFICATES OF STOCK Certificates
of the Corporations stock may be certificated or uncertificated; provided, that the Corporations stock shall be uncertificated
unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. Any or all of the signatures on any certificated shares may be by
facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who shall have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have
been used on, any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be an officer, transfer agent or registrar of the Corporation, whether
because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such
certificate or certificates may nevertheless be adopted by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the person or persons
who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be an officer,
transfer agent or registrar of the Corporation. Certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be of such form and device as the Board
of Directors may from time to time determine.

SECTION 2. LOST CERTIFICATES A new
certificate of stock may be issued in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation, alleged to have been lost or
destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or such owners
legal representatives, to give the Corporation a bond, in such sum as they may direct, not exceeding double the value of the stock, to
indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of any such certificate, or the
issuance of any such new certificate.

-5-

SECTION 3. TRANSFER OF SHARES The shares
of stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys
or legal representatives, and upon such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the Corporation by the delivery thereof
to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books and ledgers, or to such other person as the Board of Directors may designate,
by whom they shall be cancelled, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. A record shall be made of each transfer and whenever
a transfer shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer. The Corporation
shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and accordingly shall not
be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share on the part of any other person whether or not it shall
have express or other notice thereof save as expressly provided by the laws of the State of Delaware.

SECTION 4. STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE 
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock
or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date: (1) in the case
of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required
by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting; (2) in the case of determination of stockholders
entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, shall not be more than ten days from the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (3) in the case of any other action, shall not be
more than sixty days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice
is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting when no prior action
of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first day on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken
or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors
is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior
action; and (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day
on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice
of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors
may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS Subject to the
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may, out of funds legally available therefor at any regular or
special meeting, declare dividends upon stock of the Corporation as and when they deem appropriate. Before declaring any dividend there
may be set apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends, such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to
time in their discretion deem proper for working capital or as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for
such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the Corporation.

-6-

SECTION 6. SEAL The Corporation may
have a corporate seal in such form as shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. Said seal may be used by causing it
or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise imprinted upon the subject document or paper.

SECTION 7. FISCAL YEAR The fiscal year
of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 8. CHECKS 
All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation
shall be signed by such officer or officers, or agent or agents, of the Corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time
to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 9. NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE 
Whenever any notice is required to be given under these By-Laws, personal notice is not required unless expressly so stated, and any
notice so required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed
to the person entitled thereto at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, and such notice shall be deemed
to have been given on the day of such mailing. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be entitled to receive notice of any meetings
except as otherwise provided by law. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of any law, or under the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these By-Laws, a waiver thereof, in writing and signed by the person or persons entitled to
said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such required notice. In addition, the attendance
of any stockholder at a meeting, whether in person or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice by such stockholder, except when
a stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 1. MANDATORY INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
AND OFFICERS The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware
as from time to time in effect any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in,
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (whether or
not an action by or in the right of the Corporation) (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or
she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while serving as a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise (hereinafter an indemnitee), or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted
in such capacity against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties
and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that,
except as provided in Section 2 of Article VI with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation
shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding
(or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred by this Section 1 of Article VI
shall also include the right of such persons described in this Section 1 of Article VI to be paid in advance by the Corporation
for their expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition
(hereinafter an advancement of expenses) to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as from
time to time in effect; provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) requires,
an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in
which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter
an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be
determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication)
that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 1 of Article VI or otherwise. The
right to indemnification conferred on such persons by this Section 1 of Article VI shall be a contract right.

-7-

SECTION 2. RIGHTS OF INDEMNITEE TO BRING SUIT
If a claim under Section 1 of Article VI of these By-Laws is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60)
days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which
case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to
recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to
recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense
of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (1) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder
(but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (2) in
any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall
be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification
set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee
of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit
that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct
set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a
committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard
of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit
brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or
to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of
an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under
this Article VI or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

-8-

SECTION 3. PERMISSIVE INDEMNIFICATION OF NON-OFFICER
EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (whether or not
an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was an employee (other than an officer)
or agent of the Corporation, or, while serving as an employee (other than an officer) or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise, to the extent (1) permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware as from time to time in effect, and (2) authorized
in the sole discretion of the President and at least one other of the following officers: the Corporate Secretary (the President and
any of such other officers so authorizing such indemnification, the Authorizing Officers). The Corporation may,
to the extent permitted by Delaware law and authorized in the sole discretion of the Authorizing Officers, pay expenses (including attorneys
fees) reasonably incurred by any such employee or agent in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit
or proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon such terms and conditions as the Authorizing
Officers authorizing such expense advancement determine in their sole discretion. The provisions of this Section 3 of Article VI
shall not constitute a contract right for any such employee or agent.

SECTION 4. GENERAL PROVISIONS The rights
and authority conferred in any of the Sections of this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person seeking
indemnification or advancement of expenses may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation
or these By-Laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity
and as to action in another capacity while holding such office and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. Neither the amendment or
repeal of this Article VI or any of the Sections thereof nor the adoption of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
these By-Laws or of any statute inconsistent with this Article VI or any of the Sections thereof shall eliminate or reduce the effect
of this Article VI or any of the Sections thereof in respect of any acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal
or adoption or an inconsistent provision.

SECTION 5. INSURANCE The Corporation
may purchase and maintain insurance in such amounts as the Board of Directors deems appropriate to protect each of itself and any person
who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Corporation, a constituent corporation, or a subsidiary or is
or was serving at the request of one of such entities as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity,
or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation shall have the power to indemnify such person against
such liability under the provisions of this Section 5 of Article VI and the laws of the State of Delaware. To the extent that
the Corporation maintains any policy or policies providing such insurance, each such current or former director, officer or employee,
and each such agent or fiduciary to which rights of indemnification have been provided pursuant to Section 3 of Article VI,
shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage thereunder for
any such current or former director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary.

-9-

ARTICLE VII

AMENDMENTS

These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed
at any annual meeting of the stockholders (or at any special meeting thereof if notice of such proposed alteration, amendment or repeal
to be considered is contained in the notice of such special meeting) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares constituting a
majority of the voting power of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors
may by majority vote of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present alter, amend or repeal these By-Laws, or enact such
other By-Laws as in their judgment may be advisable for the regulation and conduct of the affairs of the Corporation.

-10-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NINTH AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS NINTH AMENDMENT TO THIRD
AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of January 14, 2025, is entered
into among ARCH RECEIVABLE COMPANY, LLC (the Seller), ARCH COAL SALES COMPANY, INC. (the Servicer),
the various financial institutions party to the Agreement (as defined below) as Conduit Purchasers (the Conduit Purchasers),
as Related Committed Purchasers (the Related Committed Purchasers), as LC Participants (the LC Participants),
and as Purchaser Agents (the Purchaser Agents) and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (PNC), as
Administrator (the Administrator) and as LC Bank (the LC Bank; together with the Conduit Purchasers,
the Related Committed Purchasers and the LC Participants, the Purchasers).

RECITALS

1. The
parties hereto are parties to the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2016 (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Agreement).

2. Pursuant
to the Arch Merger Agreement (as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement, the Arch Merger Agreement), on the
date hereof, the Arch Merger (as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement, the Arch Merger) shall occur on the
date hereof.

3. On
or about the date on which the Arch Merger occurs, Arch Coal Sales Company, Inc. will change its registered name to Core Sales, Inc.,
and Arch Energy Resources, LLC will change its registered name to Core Global LLC (such name changes, the Subject Name Changes).

4. The
parties hereto desire to amend the Agreement as hereinafter set forth.

NOW THEREFORE, for good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Certain
Defined Terms. Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

SECTION 2. Amendments
to the Agreement. The Agreement is hereby amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of the Agreement attached
hereto as Exhibit A.

SECTION 3. Representations
and Warranties. Each of the Seller and the Servicer hereby represents and warrants to the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents
and the Purchasers as follows:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by such Person in the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents
are true and correct as of the date hereof (unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations or warranties
were true and correct as of such earlier date).

(b) Enforceability.
The execution and delivery by such Person of this Amendment, and the performance of each of its obligations under this Amendment and the
Agreement, as amended hereby, are within each of its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its
part. This Amendment and the Agreement, as amended hereby, are such Persons valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable
in accordance with their respective terms.

(c) No
Default. Both before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, no Termination
Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists or shall exist.

SECTION 4. Effect
of Amendment; Ratification. All provisions of the Agreement, as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, shall remain
in full force and effect. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document)
to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, this Agreement, hereof, herein or words
of similar effect, in each case referring to the Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Agreement as amended by this Amendment.
This Amendment shall not be deemed, either expressly or impliedly, to waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Agreement other
than as specifically set forth herein. The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

SECTION 5. Effectiveness.
This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof, when:

(a) the
Administrator has received duly executed counterparts of this Amendment by each of the parties hereto; and

(b) the
Arch Merger shall have occurred pursuant to the terms of the Arch Merger Agreement.

SECTION 6. Consent
to Subject Name Changes. Each of the parties hereto hereby consents to the Subject Name Changes. For the avoidance of doubt, such
consent shall not (i) apply to any change in the registered name, location, identity or corporate structure of any Originator, other
than the Subject Name Changes as expressly described herein, and (ii) other than as provided herein, waive any requirement or provision
of any Transaction Document applicable to the Subject Name Changes.

SECTION 7. Post-Closing
Covenants.

(a) Within
thirty (30) days following the date hereof (or any such other subsequent date as the Administrator may approve in writing in its sole
discretion), each of the Seller, the Servicer and each Originator covenants and agrees to deliver to the Administrator:

(i) completed
UCC search reports listing the financing statements filed in all applicable jurisdictions that name Core Sales, Inc.
or Core Global LLC as debtor, together with copies of such other financing statements, and similar search reports with respect
to judgment liens, federal tax liens and liens of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in such jurisdictions, as the Administrator
may reasonably request, showing no Adverse Claims on any Pool Assets; and

2

(ii) such
certificates, copies of organization documents of each Person affected by a Subject Name Change, resolutions or other action and incumbency
certificates and/or other certificates of responsible officers of each such Person as the Administrator may reasonably require evidencing
the identity, authority and capacity of each responsible officer thereof authorized to act as a responsible officer in connection with
the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which such Person is a party.

(b) Within
sixty (60) days following the date hereof (or any such other subsequent date as the Administrator may approve in writing in its sole discretion),
each of the Seller, the Servicer and each Originator covenants and agrees to deliver to the Administrator:

(i) an
executed assignment of the Performance Guaranty from ACI to Core Natural Resources, Inc. as Performance Guarantor and an amendment,
amendment and restatement or other modification to the Performance Guaranty which replaces ACI with Core Natural Resources, Inc.
as Performance Guarantor and names Core Natural Resources, Inc. as performance guarantor in each case in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Administrator; and

(ii) one
or more written opinions of counsel to Core Natural Resources, Inc. as to corporate and enforceability matters, (including, without
limitation, opinions with respect to due authorization, enforceability, no conflicts with material agreements for borrowed money, New
York law or organizational documents) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrator.

SECTION 8. Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

SECTION 9. Governing
Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York (including
for such purposes Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York).

SECTION 10. Section Headings.
The various headings of this Amendment are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment,
the Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof.

SECTION 11. Successors
and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns.

SECTION 12. Transaction
Document. For the avoidance of doubt, each party hereto agrees that this Amendment constitutes a Transaction Document.

3

SECTION 13. Severability.
Each provision of this Amendment shall be severable from every other provision of this Amendment for the purpose of determining the legal
enforceability of any provision hereof, and the unenforceability of one or more provisions of this Amendment in one jurisdiction shall
not have the effect of rendering such provision or provisions unenforceable in any other jurisdiction.

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of
the date first written above.

ARCH
RECEIVABLE COMPANY, LLC,

as Seller

By: /s/ Matthew C. Giljum

Name: Matthew C. Giljum

Title: Treasurer and Vice President

ARCH COAL SALES COMPANY, INC.,

as Servicer

By: /s/ Matthew C. Giljum

Name: Matthew C. Giljum

Title: Treasurer and Vice President

S-1 

Ninth Amendment to Third A&R RPA

(Arch Coal)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrator

By: /s/ Christopher Blaney

Name: Christopher Blaney

Title: Senior Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Purchaser Agent

By: /s/ Christopher Blaney

Name: Christopher Blaney

Title: Senior Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the LC Bank and as an LC Participant

By: /s/ Christopher Blaney

Name: Christopher Blaney

Title: Senior Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Related Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Christopher Blaney

Name: Christopher Blaney

Title: Senior Vice President

S-2 

Ninth Amendment to Third A&R RPA

(Arch Coal)

REGIONS BANK,

as a Purchaser Agent

By: /s/ Mimi Bulow

Name: Mimi Bulow

Title: Assistant Vice President

REGIONS BANK,

as a Related Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Mimi Bulow

Name: Mimi Bulow

Title: Assistant Vice President

REGIONS BANK,

as an LC
Participant

By: /s/ Mimi Bulow

Name: Mimi Bulow

Title: Assistant Vice President

S-3 

Ninth Amendment to Third A&R RPA

(Arch Coal)

[EXHIBIT A]

AMENDMENTS TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

ATTACHED

EXECUTION VERSION

EXHIBIT A to EighthNinth
Amendment, dated as of February 8January 14,
20242025

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

DATED AS OF OCTOBER 5, 2016

BY AND AMONG

ARCH RECEIVABLE COMPANY, LLC,

as Seller,

ARCH COAL SALES COMPANY, INC.,

as initial Servicer,

THE VARIOUS CONDUIT PURCHASERS, RELATED COMMITTED
PURCHASERS,

LC PARTICIPANTS AND PURCHASER AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY

HERETO,

AND

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrator and as LC Bank

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I. AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE PURCHASES 2

Section 1.1 Purchase Facility 2

Section 1.2 Making Purchases; Assignment and Assumption 3

Section 1.3 Purchased Interest Computation 6

Section 1.4 Settlement Procedures 6

Section 1.5 Fees 12

Section 1.6 Payments and Computations, Etc. 12

Section 1.7 Increased Costs 13

Section 1.8 Requirements of Law; Funding Losses 14

Section 1.9 Daily 1M SOFR or Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable; Increased Costs; Illegality 1615

Section 1.10 Taxes 17

Section 1.11 Letters of Credit 17

Section 1.12 Issuance of Letters of Credit 17

Section 1.13 Requirements For Issuance of Letters of Credit 18

Section 1.14 Disbursements, Reimbursement 18

Section 1.15 Repayment of Participation Advances 19

Section 1.16 Documentation 20

Section 1.17 Determination to Honor Drawing Request 20

Section 1.18 Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations 2120

Section 1.19 Indemnity 22

Section 1.20 Liability for Acts and Omissions 2322

Section 1.21 Benchmark Replacement Setting 24

Section 1.22 Conforming Changes Relating to Daily 1M SOFR and the Term SOFR Rate 28

Section 1.23 Selection of Daily 1M SOFR and Term SOFR Rate; Rate Quotations 28

ARTICLE II. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS; TERMINATION EVENTS 29

Section 2.1 Representations and Warranties; Covenants 29

Section 2.2 Termination Events 29

-i- 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE III. INDEMNIFICATION 29

Section 3.1 Indemnities by the Seller 29

Section 3.2 Indemnities by the Servicer 32

ARTICLE IV. ADMINISTRATION, COLLECTIONS AND INSURANCE RECEIVABLES 32

Section 4.1 Appointment of the Servicer 32

Section 4.2 Duties of the Servicer 33

Section 4.3 Lock-Box Account and LC Collateral Account Arrangements 34

Section 4.4 Enforcement Rights 35

Section 4.5 Responsibilities of the Seller 36

Section 4.6 Servicing Fee 36

Section 4.7 Authorization and Action of the Administrator and Purchaser Agents 37

Section 4.8 Nature of Administrators Duties; Delegation of Administrators Duties; Exculpatory Duties 38

Section 4.9 UCC Filings 39

Section 4.10 Agents Reliance, Etc. 39

Section 4.11 Administrator and Affiliates 40

Section 4.12 Notice of Termination Events 40

Section 4.13 Non-Reliance on Administrator, Purchaser Agents and other Purchasers; Administrators and Affiliates 41

Section 4.14 Indemnification 42

Section 4.15 Successor Administrator 42

Section 4.16 Credit Insurance Policies 43

ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS 45

Section 5.1 Amendments, Etc. 45

Section 5.2 Notices, Etc. 45

Section 5.3 Successors and Assigns; Assignability; Participations 46

Section 5.4 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 49

Section 5.5 No Proceedings; Limitation on Payments 50

Section 5.6 Confidentiality 51

-ii- 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 5.7 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 5252

Section 5.8 Execution in Counterparts 52

Section 5.9 Survival of Termination; Non-Waiver 52

Section 5.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 52

Section 5.11 Entire Agreement 53

Section 5.12 Headings 53

Section 5.13 Right of Setoff 53

Section 5.14 Purchaser Groups Liabilities 53

Section 5.15 Sharing of Recoveries 5454

Section 5.16 USA Patriot Act 54

Section 5.17 Tax Matters 54

Section 5.18 Severability 5554

Section 5.19 Mutual Negotiations 55

-iii- 

Table
of Contents

Page

EXHIBIT I DEFINITIONS

EXHIBIT II CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

EXHIBIT III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

EXHIBIT IV COVENANTS

EXHIBIT V TERMINATION EVENTS

SCHEDULE I CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY

SCHEDULE II LOCK-BOX BANK, BLOCKED ACCOUNT AND LOCK-BOX ACCOUNT

SCHEDULE III ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS

SCHEDULE IV GROUP COMMITMENTS

ANNEX A FORM OF INFORMATION PACKAGE

ANNEX B-1 FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE

ANNEX B-2 FORM OF ISSUANCE NOTICE

ANNEX C FORM OF PAYDOWN NOTICE

ANNEX D FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

ANNEX E FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT APPLICATION

ANNEX F FORM OF ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

ANNEX G FORM OF TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT

ANNEX H-1 FORM OF WEEKLY REPORT

ANNEX H-2 FORM OF DAILY REPORT

ANNEX I [RESERVED]

ANNEX J FORM OF CASH FLOW FORECAST

-i- 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement)
is entered into as of October 5, 2016, by and among ARCH RECEIVABLE COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as seller
(the Seller), ARCH COAL SALES COMPANY, INC., a Delaware corporation (Arch Sales), as initial
servicer (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Servicer), the
various CONDUIT PURCHASERS, RELATED COMMITTED PURCHASERS, LC PARTICIPANTS and PURCHASER AGENTS from time to time party hereto and PNC
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association (PNC), as administrator (in such capacity, together with
its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrator) and as issuer of Letters of Credit (in such capacity,
together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the LC Bank).

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS. Certain
terms that are capitalized and used throughout this Agreement are defined in Exhibit I. References in the Exhibits hereto
to the Agreement refer to this Agreement, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

This Agreement amends and
restates in its entirety, as of the Closing Date, the Second Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 13,
2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Prior Agreement), among
each of the parties hereto. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the terms and provisions of the Prior Agreement shall, subject to
this paragraph, be superseded hereby in their entirety. Notwithstanding the amendment and restatement of the Prior Agreement by this Agreement,
(i) the Seller and Servicer shall continue to be liable to PNC, Regions and any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person (as such
terms are defined in the Prior Agreement) for fees and expenses which are accrued and unpaid under the Prior Agreement on the date hereof
(collectively, the Prior Agreement Outstanding Amounts) and all agreements to indemnify such parties in connection
with events or conditions arising or existing prior to the effective date of this Agreement and (ii) the security interest created
under the Prior Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as security for such Prior Agreement Outstanding Amounts until such Prior
Agreement Outstanding Amounts shall have been paid in full. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, each reference to the Prior Agreement
in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, unless expressly
herein stated to the contrary, is intended to amend, modify or otherwise affect any other instrument, document or agreement executed and/or
delivered in connection with the Prior Agreement.

The Seller (i) desires
to sell, transfer and assign an undivided percentage interest in a pool of receivables, and the Purchasers desire to acquire such undivided
percentage interest, as such percentage interest shall be adjusted from time to time based upon, in part, reinvestment payments that are
made by such Purchasers and (ii) may, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, request that the LC Bank issue or cause the issuance
of one or more Letters of Credit.

In consideration of the mutual
agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE PURCHASES

Section 1.1 Purchase
Facility.

(a) On
the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, the Seller may, from time to time before the Facility Termination Date, (i) ratably
(based on the aggregate Commitments of the Related Committed Purchasers in their respective Purchaser Groups) request that the Conduit
Purchasers, or, only if a Conduit Purchaser denies such request or is unable to fund, ratably request that the Related Committed Purchasers,
make purchases of and reinvestments in undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to the Purchased Interest from the Seller
pursuant to Section 1.1(b) and (ii) request that the LC Bank issue or cause the issuance of Letters of Credit, in
each case subject to the terms hereof (each such purchase, reinvestment or issuance is referred to herein as a Purchase).
Subject to Section 1.4(b) concerning reinvestments, at no time will a Conduit Purchaser have any obligation to make a
Purchase. Each Related Committed Purchaser severally hereby agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, to make purchases
of and reinvestments in undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to the Purchased Interest from the Seller from time to time
from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, based on the applicable Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of each Purchase
(and, in the case of each Related Committed Purchaser, its Commitment Percentage of its Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of such
Purchase) and, on the terms of and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the LC Bank hereby agrees to issue Letters of Credit in
return for (and each LC Participant hereby severally agrees to make participation advances in connection with any draws under such Letters
of Credit equal to such LC Participants Pro Rata Share of such draws), undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to
the Purchased Interest from the Seller from time to time from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything
set forth in this paragraph (a) or otherwise herein to the contrary, under no circumstances shall any Purchaser make any purchase
or reinvestment (including, without limitation, any mandatory deemed Purchases pursuant to Section 1.1(b)) or issue any Letters
of Credit hereunder, as applicable, if, after giving effect to such Purchase, the (i) aggregate outstanding amount of the Capital
funded by such Purchaser, when added to all other Capital funded by all other Purchasers in such Purchasers Purchaser Group would
exceed (A) its Purchaser Groups Group Commitment (as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 1.1(c))
minus (B) the related LC Participants Pro Rata Share of the LC Participation Amount, (ii) the Aggregate Capital plus
the LC Participation Amount would exceed the Purchase Limit or (iii) the LC Participation Amount would exceed the aggregate of the
Commitments of the LC Participants.

The Seller may, subject to
this paragraph (a) and the other requirements and conditions herein, use the proceeds of any purchase by the Purchasers hereunder
to satisfy its Reimbursement Obligation to the LC Bank and the LC Participants (ratably, based on the outstanding amounts funded by the
LC Bank and each such LC Participant) pursuant to Section 1.14 below.

Each of the parties hereto
hereby acknowledges and agrees that from and after the Closing Date, the Purchaser Groups that includes PNC and Regions, as a Purchaser
Agent and as a Purchaser, shall not include a Conduit Purchaser, and each request by the Seller for ratable Purchases by the Conduit Purchasers
pursuant to Section 1.1(a)(i) shall be deemed to be a request that the Related Committed Purchasers in PNCs and
Regions Purchaser Group make their ratable share of such Purchases.

2

(b) In
the event the Seller fails to reimburse the LC Bank for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit on the applicable Drawing
Date (out of its own funds available therefor) pursuant to Section 1.14, then the Seller shall, automatically (and without the requirement
of any further action on the part of any Person hereunder), be deemed to have requested a new purchase from the Conduit Purchasers or
Related Committed Purchasers, as applicable, on such date, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, in an amount equal to the
amount of such Reimbursement Obligation at such time. Subject to the limitations on funding set forth in paragraph (a) above (and
the other requirements and conditions herein), the Conduit Purchasers or Related Committed Purchasers, as applicable, shall fund such
deemed purchase request and deliver the proceeds thereof directly to the Administrator to be immediately distributed (ratably) to the
LC Bank and the applicable LC Participants in satisfaction of the Sellers Reimbursement Obligation pursuant to Section 1.14,
below, to the extent of the amounts permitted to be funded by the Conduit Purchasers or Related Committed Purchasers, as applicable, at
such time, hereunder.

(c) The
Seller may, upon at least 15 days written notice to the Administrator, terminate the Purchase Facility in whole or, upon at
least 15 days written notice to the Administrator, from time to time, irrevocably reduce in part the unused portion of the Purchase
Limit (but not below the amount that would cause the Aggregate Capital plus the LC Participation Amount to exceed the Purchase Limit or
would cause the Group Capital of any Purchaser Group to exceed its Group Commitment, in each case after giving effect to such reduction);
provided, that each partial reduction shall be in the amount of at least $5,000,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof, and that, unless terminated in whole, the Purchase Limit shall in no event be reduced below $50,000,000. Each reduction in the
Commitments hereunder shall be made ratably among the Purchasers in accordance with their respective Commitment Percentages and their
respective Commitments. The Administrator shall promptly advise the Purchaser Agents of any notice received by it pursuant to this Section 1.1(c);
it being understood that (in addition to and without limiting any other requirements for termination, prepayment and/or the funding of
the LC Collateral Account hereunder) no such termination or reduction shall be effective unless and until (i) in the case of a termination,
the amount on deposit in the LC Collateral Account is at least equal to the then outstanding LC Participation Amount and (ii) in
the case of a partial reduction, the amount on deposit in the LC Collateral Account is at least equal to the positive difference between
the then outstanding LC Participation Amount and the Purchase Limit as so reduced by such partial reduction.

Section 1.2 Making
Purchases; Assignment and Assumption.

(a) Each
Funded Purchase (but not reinvestment) of undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to the Purchased Interest hereunder may
be made on any day upon the Sellers irrevocable written notice in the form of Annex B-1 (each, a Purchase Notice)
delivered to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent in accordance with Section 5.2 (which notice must be received by the
Administrator and each Purchaser Agent before 11:00 a.m., New York City time) at least two Business Days before the requested Purchase
Date, which notice shall specify: (A) solely in the case of a Funded Purchase maintained by Capital (other than one made pursuant
to Section 1.14(b)), the amount requested to be paid to the Seller (such amount, which shall not be less than $300,000 (or
such lesser amount as agreed to by the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent) and shall be in integral multiples of $100,000 in excess
thereof, being the Capital relating to the undivided percentage ownership interest then being purchased with respect to each Purchaser
Group), (B) the date of such Funded Purchase (which shall be a Business Day), and (C) the pro forma calculation of the Purchased
Interest after giving effect to the increase in the Aggregate Capital.

3

(b) Subject
to the following paragraphs of this Section 1.2(b), on the date of each Funded Purchase (but not reinvestment, issuance of
a Letter of Credit or a Funded Purchase pursuant to Section 1.2(e)) of undivided percentage ownership interests with regard
to the Purchased Interest hereunder, each applicable Conduit Purchaser or Related Committed Purchaser, as the case may be, shall, upon
satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Exhibit II, make available to the Seller in same day funds, at such
account as may from time to time be designated in writing by the Seller to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent), an amount equal
to the portion of Capital relating to the undivided percentage ownership interest then being purchased by such Purchaser.

(c) Effective
on the date of each Funded Purchase or other Purchase pursuant to this Section 1.2 and each reinvestment pursuant to Section 1.4,
other than as provided under Section 5.17(a), the Seller hereby sells and assigns to the Administrator for the benefit of
the Purchasers (ratably, based on the sum of the Capital plus the LC Participation Amount outstanding at such time for each such Purchasers
Capital) an undivided percentage ownership interest in: (i) each Pool Receivable then existing, (ii) all Related Security with
respect to such Pool Receivables, and (iii) all Collections with respect to, and other proceeds of, such Pool Receivables and Related
Security.

(d) To
secure all of the Sellers obligations (monetary or otherwise) under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, whether now or hereafter existing or arising, due or to become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, the Seller
hereby grants to the Administrator (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) a security interest in all of the Sellers right, title
and interest (including any undivided interest of the Seller) in, to and under all of the following, whether now or hereafter owned, existing
or arising: (i) all Pool Receivables, (ii) all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivables, (iii) all Collections
with respect to such Pool Receivables, (iv) the Lock-Box Accounts and all amounts on deposit therein, and all certificates and instruments,
if any, from time to time evidencing such Lock-Box Accounts and amounts on deposit therein, (v) the LC Collateral Account and all
amounts on deposit therein, and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time evidencing such LC Collateral Account and
amounts on deposit therein, (vi) all rights (but none of the obligations) of the Seller under the Sale Agreements, (vii) all
proceeds of, and all amounts received or receivable under any or all of, the foregoing (other than Seller's Permitted Payments) and (viii) all
of its other property (collectively, the Pool Assets). For the avoidance of doubt, Sellers Permitted Payments
when made shall be automatically excluded and released from the Pool Assets. The Seller hereby authorizes the Administrator to file financing
statements describing the collateral covered thereby as all of the debtors personal property or assets or words to
that effect, notwithstanding that such wording may be broader in scope than the collateral described in this Agreement. The Administrator
(on behalf of the Secured Parties) shall have, with respect to the Pool Assets, and in addition to all the other rights and remedies available
to the Administrator and the Purchasers, all the rights and remedies of a secured party under any applicable UCC. The Seller hereby acknowledges
and agrees that pursuant to the Prior Agreement, the Seller granted to the Administrator a security interest in all of the Sellers
right, title and interest in, to and under the Pool Assets (as defined in the Prior Agreement). The Seller hereby confirms such security
interest and acknowledges and agrees that such security interest is continuing and is supplemented and restated by the security interest
granted by the Seller pursuant to this Section 1.2(d).

4

(e) Whenever
the LC Bank issues a Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 1.12 hereof, each LC Participant shall, automatically and without
further action of any kind upon the effective date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, have irrevocably been deemed to make a Funded
Purchase hereunder in the event that such Letter of Credit is subsequently drawn and such drawn amount shall not have been reimbursed
pursuant to Section 1.14 upon such draw in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such unreimbursed draw. All such Funded
Purchases shall be made ratably by the LC Participants according to their Pro Rata Shares and shall accrue Discount from the date of such
draw. In the event that any Letter of Credit expires or is surrendered without being drawn (in whole or in part) then, in such event,
the foregoing commitment to make Funded Purchases shall expire with respect to such Letter of Credit and the LC Participation Amount shall
automatically reduce by the amount of the Letter of Credit which is no longer outstanding.

(f) The
Seller may, with the prior written consent of the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent (and, in the case of a new related LC Participant,
the LC Bank), which consent may be granted or withheld in their sole and absolute discretion, add additional Persons as Purchasers (either
to an existing Purchaser Group or by creating new Purchaser Groups) or cause an existing Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant
to increase its Commitment; provided, that the Commitment of any Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant may only
be increased with the prior written consent of such Purchaser; provided, further, that neither the Commitment of any new
Purchaser Group nor the aggregate increase in the Commitment of existing Related Committed Purchasers shall exceed $50,000,000 and in
connection with any such increase or addition shall be a corresponding increase in the Purchase Limit. Each new Conduit Purchaser, Related
Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant (or Purchaser Group) shall become a party hereto, by executing and delivering to the Administrator,
each Purchaser Agent and the Seller, an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex F hereto (which Assumption Agreement shall, in
the case of any new Conduit Purchaser, Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant, be executed by each Person in such new Purchasers
Purchaser Group).

(g) Each
Related Committed Purchasers and related LC Participants obligations hereunder shall be several, such that the failure of
any Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant to make a payment in connection with any purchase hereunder, or drawing under
a Letter of Credit hereunder, as the case may be, shall not relieve any other Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant of
its obligation hereunder to make payment for any Funded Purchase or such drawing. Further, in the event any Related Committed Purchaser
or related LC Participant fails to satisfy its obligation to make a purchase or payment with respect to such drawing as required hereunder,
upon receipt of notice of such failure from the Administrator (or any relevant Purchaser Agent), subject to the limitations set forth
herein, the non-defaulting Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants in such defaulting Related Committed Purchasers
or related LC Participants Purchaser Group shall fund the defaulting Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants
Commitment Percentage of the related Purchase or drawing pro rata in proportion to their relative Commitment Percentages (determined
without regard to the Commitment Percentage of the defaulting Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant; it being understood
that a defaulting Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants Commitment Percentage of any Purchase or drawing
shall be first funded by the Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants in such defaulting Related Committed Purchasers
or related LC Participants Purchaser Group and thereafter if there are no other Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants
in such Purchaser Group or if such other Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants are also defaulting Related Committed
Purchasers or related LC Participants, then such defaulting Related Committed Purchasers or related LC Participants Commitment
Percentage of such Purchase or drawing shall be funded by each other Purchaser Group ratably and applied in accordance with this paragraph
(g)). Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph (g) to the contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, each Related Committed
Purchasers and LC Participants obligation to make a Purchase or payment with respect to any drawing shall be subject in
all respects to the limitations set forth in the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1.1(a).

5

Section 1.3 Purchased
Interest Computation. The Purchased Interest shall be initially computed on the Closing Date. Thereafter, until the Facility Termination
Date, such Purchased Interest shall be automatically recomputed (or deemed to be recomputed) on each Business Day other than a Termination
Day. From and after the occurrence of any Termination Day, the Purchased Interest shall (until the event(s) giving rise to such Termination
Day are satisfied or are waived by the Administrator in accordance with Section 5.1) be deemed to be 100%. The Purchased Interest
shall become zero when (a) the Aggregate Capital thereof and Aggregate Discount thereon shall have been paid in full, (b) an
amount equal to 100% of the LC Participation Amount and the LC Fee Expectation shall have been deposited in the LC Collateral Account,
or all Letters of Credit shall have expired or otherwise been terminated and (c) all the amounts owed by the Seller and the Servicer
hereunder to each Purchaser, the Administrator and any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person are paid in full (other than indemnification
and other contingent obligations not yet due and owing), and the Servicer shall have received the accrued Servicing Fee thereon.

Section 1.4 Settlement
Procedures.

(a) The
collection of the Pool Receivables shall be administered by the Servicer in accordance with this Agreement. The Seller shall provide to
the Servicer on a timely basis all information needed for such administration, including notice of the occurrence of any Termination Day
and current computations of the Purchased Interest.

(b) The
Servicer shall, on each day on which Collections of Pool Receivables are received (or deemed received) by the Seller or the Servicer in
accordance with this Agreement, including Section 1.4(g):

6

(i) set
aside and hold in trust (and shall, at the request of the Administrator, segregate in a separate account approved by the Administrator)
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, out of such Collections, first, an amount equal to the Aggregate Discount accrued through
such day for each Portion of Capital and not previously set aside, second, an amount equal to the fees set forth in each Fee Letter
accrued and unpaid through such day, and third, to the extent funds are available therefor, an amount equal to the aggregate of
the Purchasers Share of the Servicing Fee accrued through such day and not previously set aside;

(ii) subject
to Section 1.4(f), if such day is not a Termination Day, remit to the Seller, ratably, on behalf of the Purchasers, the remainder
of such Collections. Such remainder shall, to the extent representing a return on the Aggregate Capital, be automatically reinvested,
ratably, according to each Purchasers Capital, in Pool Receivables and in the Related Security, Collections and other proceeds
with respect thereto; provided, that if the Purchased Interest would exceed 100%, then the Servicer shall not remit such remainder
to the Seller or reinvest, but shall set aside and hold in trust for the Administrator (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) (and shall,
at the request of the Administrator, segregate in a separate account approved by the Administrator) a portion of such Collections that,
together with the other Collections set aside pursuant to this paragraph, shall equal the amount necessary to reduce the Purchased Interest
to 100% (determined as if such Collections set aside had been applied to reduce the Aggregate Capital or LC Participation Amount, as applicable,
at such time), which amount shall either (x) be deposited ratably to each Purchaser Agents account (for the benefit of its
related Purchasers) or (y) be deposited in the LC Collateral Account, in each case, as applicable, on the next Settlement Date in
accordance with Section 1.4(c); provided, further, that (x) in the case of any Purchaser that is a Conduit
Purchaser, if such Purchaser has provided notice (a Declining Notice) to its Purchaser Agent and the Administrator
that such Purchaser (a Declining Conduit Purchaser) no longer wishes Collections with respect to any Portion of Capital
funded or maintained by such Purchaser to be reinvested pursuant to this clause (ii) or (y) in the case of any Purchaser
that has provided notice (an Exiting Notice) to its Purchaser Agent and the Administrator of its refusal, following
any request by the Seller to extend the then Facility Termination Date, to extend its Commitment hereunder (an Exiting Purchaser),
then in either case set forth in clause (x) or (y) above, such Purchasers ratable share (determined according
to outstanding Capital) of Collections shall not be reinvested or remitted to the Seller and shall instead be held in trust for the benefit
of such Purchaser and applied in accordance with clause (iii) below;

(iii) if
such day is a Termination Day (or any day following the provision of a Declining Notice or an Exiting Notice), set aside, segregate and
hold in trust for the benefit of the Purchasers (and shall, at the request of the Administrator, segregate in a separate account approved
by the Administrator), the entire remainder of such Collections (or in the case of a Declining Conduit Purchaser or an Exiting Purchaser,
an amount equal to such Purchasers ratable share of such Collections based on its Capital; provided, that solely for purposes
of determining such Purchasers ratable share of such Collections, such Purchasers Capital shall be deemed to remain constant
from the date of the provision of a Declining Notice or an Exiting Notice, as the case may be, until the date such Purchasers Capital
has been paid in full; it being understood that if such day is also a Termination Day, such Declining Conduit Purchasers or Exiting
Purchasers Capital shall be recalculated taking into account amounts received by such Purchasers in respect of this parenthetical
and thereafter Collections shall be set aside for such Purchaser ratably in respect of its Capital (as recalculated)); provided,
further, that if amounts are set aside and held in trust on any Termination Day of the type described in clause (a) of the
definition of Termination Day (or any day following the provision of a Declining Notice or an Exiting Notice) and, thereafter,
the conditions set forth in Section 2 of Exhibit II are satisfied or waived by the Administrator and the Majority
Purchaser Agents (or, in the case of a Declining Notice or an Exiting Notice, such Declining Notice or Exiting Notice, as the case may
be, has been revoked by the related Declining Conduit Purchaser or Exiting Purchaser, respectively, and written notice thereof has been
provided to the Administrator, the related Purchaser Agent and the Servicer), such previously set-aside amounts shall, to the extent representing
a return on the Aggregate Capital (or the Capital of the Declining Conduit Purchaser or Exiting Purchaser, as the case may be) and ratably
in accordance with each Purchasers Capital, be reinvested in accordance with clause (ii) on the day of such subsequent
satisfaction or waiver of conditions or revocation of Declining Notice or Exiting Notice, as the case may be; and

7

(iv) release
to the Seller (subject to Section 1.4(f)) for its own account any Collections in excess of: (w) amounts required to be
reinvested in accordance with clause (ii) or the proviso to clause (iii) plus (x) the amounts that are required
to be set aside pursuant to clause (i), the provisos to clause (ii) and clause (iii) plus (y) the
Sellers Share of the Servicing Fee accrued and unpaid through such day and all reasonable and appropriate out-of-pocket costs and
expenses of the Servicer for servicing, collecting and administering the Pool Receivables plus (z) all other amounts then due and
payable by the Seller under this Agreement to the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents, the Administrator, and any other Indemnified Party
or Affected Person.

(c) The
Servicer shall, in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 1.4(d), deposit into each Purchaser Agents account,
on each Settlement Date, Collections held for such Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of its related Purchasers) pursuant to clause (b)(i) or
(f) plus the amount of Collections then held for such Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of its related Purchasers) pursuant
to clauses (b)(ii) and (iii) of Section 1.4; provided, that if Arch Sales or an Affiliate thereof
is the Servicer, such day is not a Termination Day and the Administrator has not notified Arch Sales (or such Affiliate) that such right
is revoked, Arch Sales (or such Affiliate) may retain the portion of the Collections set aside pursuant to clause (b)(i) that
represents the aggregate of each Purchasers Share of the Servicing Fee. On or prior to the last day of each Settlement Period,
each Purchaser Agent will notify the Servicer by facsimile of the amount of Discount accrued with respect to each Portion of Capital during
such Settlement Period or portion thereof.

(d) The
Servicer shall distribute the amounts described (and at the times set forth) in clause (c) above as follows:

(i) if
such distribution occurs on a day that is not a Termination Day and the Purchased Interest does not exceed 100%, first to each
Purchaser Agent ratably according to the Discount accrued during such Settlement Period (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers within
such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group) in payment in full of all accrued Discount with respect to each Portion of Capital maintained
by such Purchasers and all accrued Fees; it being understood that each Purchaser Agent shall distribute such amounts to the Purchasers
within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group ratably according to Discount and Fees, respectively, and second, if the Servicer
has set aside amounts in respect of the Servicing Fee pursuant to clause (b)(i) and has not retained such amounts pursuant
to clause (c), to the Servicer (payable in arrears on each Settlement Date) in payment in full of the aggregate of the Purchasers
Share of accrued Servicing Fees so set aside, and

8

(ii) if
such distribution occurs on a Termination Day or on a day when the Purchased Interest exceeds 100%, first, if Arch Sales or an
Affiliate thereof is not the Servicer, to the Servicer in payment in full of the Purchasers Share of all accrued Servicing Fees,
second, to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Discount and Fees payable to all Purchasers
at such time) (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group) in payment in full of all accrued
Discount with respect to each Portion of Capital funded or maintained by the Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser
Group and all accrued Fees, third, to each Purchaser Agent ratably according to the aggregate of the Capital of each Purchaser
in each such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser
Group) in payment in full of each Purchasers Capital (or, if such day is not a Termination Day, the amount necessary to reduce
the Purchased Interest to 100%) (determined as if such Collections had been applied to reduce the Aggregate Capital); it being understood
that each Purchaser Agent shall distribute the amounts described in the first, second and third clauses of this Section 1.4(d)(ii) to
the Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group ratably according to Discount, Fees and Capital, respectively, fourth,
to the LC Collateral Account for the benefit of the LC Bank and the LC Participants (x) the amount necessary to cash collateralize
the LC Participation Amount until the amount of cash collateral held in such LC Collateral Account (other than amount representing LC
Fee Expectation) equals 100% of the LC Participation Amount (or, if such day is not a Termination Day, the amount necessary to reduce
the Purchased Interest to 100%) (determined as if such Collections had been applied to reduce the aggregate outstanding amount of the
LC Participation Amount) and (y) if such day is a Termination Day of the type described in clause (b) of the definition
thereof or a Termination Event is continuing, an amount equal to the LC Fee Expectation at such time (or such portion thereof not currently
on deposit in the LC Collateral Account), fifth, if the Aggregate Capital and accrued Aggregate Discount with respect to each Portion
of Capital for all Purchaser Groups have been reduced to zero, and the aggregate of the Purchasers Share of all accrued Servicing
Fees payable to the Servicer (if other than Arch Sales or an Affiliate thereof) have been paid in full, to each Purchaser Agent ratably,
based on the amounts payable to each Purchaser in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers
in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group), the Administrator and any other Secured Party in payment in full of any other amounts
owed thereto by the Seller or the Servicer hereunder, and sixth, to the Servicer (if the Servicer is Arch Sales or an Affiliate
thereof) in payment in full of the aggregate of the Purchasers Share of all accrued Servicing Fees.

9

After the Aggregate Capital, Aggregate Discount,
fees payable pursuant to the Fee Letters and Servicing Fees with respect to the Purchased Interest, and any other amounts payable by the
Seller and the Servicer to each Purchaser Group, the Administrator or any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person hereunder, have been
paid in full, and (on and after a Termination Day) after an amount equal to 100% of the LC Participation Amount and the LC Fee Expectation
has been deposited in the LC Collateral Account, all additional Collections with respect to the Purchased Interest shall be paid to the
Seller for its own account.

(e) For
the purposes of this Section 1.4:

(i) if
on any day the Outstanding Balance of any Pool Receivable is reduced or adjusted as a result of any defective, rejected, returned, repossessed
or foreclosed goods or services, or any revision, cancellation, allowance, rebate, discount or other adjustment made by the Seller, any
Affiliate of the Seller, any Originator, the Transferor, the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer, or any setoff, netting of obligations
or dispute between the Seller, any Affiliate of the Seller, any Originator, the Transferor, the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer
and an Obligor, the Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in the amount of such reduction
or adjustment and shall immediately pay any and all such amounts in respect thereof to a Lock-Box Account for the benefit of the Secured
Parties pursuant to Section 1.4;

(ii) if
on any day any of the representations or warranties in Sections l(j) or 3(a) of Exhibit III is
not true with respect to any Pool Receivable, the Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable
in full and shall immediately pay any and all such amounts in respect thereof to a Lock-Box Account (or as otherwise directed by the Administrator
at such time) for the benefit of the Secured Parties and for application pursuant to Section 1.4;

(iii) except
as provided in clause (i) or (ii), or as otherwise required by Applicable Law or the relevant Contract, all Collections
of any Receivable shall be applied to the Receivables of the applicable Obligor in the order of the age of such Receivables, starting
with the oldest such Receivable, unless such Obligor designates in writing its payment for application to specific Receivables; and

(iv) if
and to the extent the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser shall be required for any reason to pay over to an Obligor (or
any trustee, receiver, custodian or similar official in any Insolvency Proceeding) any amount received by it hereunder, such amount shall
be deemed not to have been so received by such Person but rather to have been retained by the Seller and, accordingly, such Person shall
have a claim against the Seller for such amount, payable when and to the extent that any distribution from or on behalf of such Obligor
is made in respect thereof.

10

(f) If
at any time the Seller shall wish to cause the reduction of Aggregate Capital (but not to commence the liquidation, or reduction to zero,
of the entire Aggregate Capital), the Seller may do so as follows:

(i) the
Seller shall give the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent and the Servicer written notice in substantially the form of Annex C
(each, a Paydown Notice) (A) at least two Business Days prior to the date of such reduction for any reduction
of the Aggregate Capital less than or equal to $20,000,000 and (B) at least five Business Days prior to the date of such reduction
for any reduction of the Aggregate Capital greater than $20,000,000, in each case such Paydown Notice shall include, among other things,
the amount of such proposed reduction and the proposed date on which such reduction will commence;

(ii) (A) on
the proposed date of the commencement of such reduction and on each day thereafter, the Servicer shall cause Collections not to be reinvested
until the amount thereof not so reinvested shall equal the desired amount of reduction or (B) the Seller shall remit to each Purchaser
Agents account (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group), in immediately available
funds, an amount equal to the desired amount of such reduction together with accrued and unpaid Aggregate Discount, and Aggregate Discount
to accrue through the next Settlement Date, with respect to such Aggregate Capital, ratably (based on such Purchaser Agents Purchasers
portion of the Aggregate Capital reduced thereby and portion of the related Aggregate Discount); and

(iii) the
Servicer shall hold such Collections in trust for the benefit of the Purchasers ratably (based on their respective Portions of Capital
funded thereby) for payment to each such Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser
Group) on the next Settlement Date immediately following the current Settlement Period or such other date approved by the Administrator
and each such Purchaser Agent, and the Aggregate Capital (together with the Capital of any related Purchaser) shall be deemed reduced
in the amount to be paid to each such Purchaser Agent (on behalf of its related Purchasers) only when in fact finally so paid;

provided,
that the amount of any such reduction shall be not less than $300,000 and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof.

(g) The
Servicer may, in its sole discretion, and shall at the direction of the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent (which direction may be given
no more than once per week unless a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing), deliver an Interim Report to the Administrator
on any Business Day during a Minimum Liquidity Period. Upon receipt of such Interim Report, the Administrator shall promptly review such
Interim Report to determine if such Interim Report constitutes a Qualifying Interim Report. In the event that the Administrator reasonably
determines that such Interim Report constitutes a Qualifying Interim Report, so long as no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination
Event has occurred and is continuing and the Administrator is then exercising exclusive dominion and control over the Lock-Box Accounts,
the Administrator shall promptly remit to the Servicer from the Lock-Box Accounts (or the LC Collateral Account, if applicable) the lesser
of (i) the amount identified on such Qualifying Interim Report as Collections on deposit in the Lock-Box Accounts and/or LC Collateral
Account in excess of the amount necessary to ensure that the Purchased Interest does not exceed 100% and (ii) the aggregate amount
of available Collections then on deposit in the Lock-Box Accounts and the LC Collateral Account. For purposes of this clause (g),
Qualifying Interim Report shall mean any Interim Report that satisfies each of the following conditions: (A) the
Purchased Interest as set forth in such Interim Report shall not exceed 100%; (B) such Interim Report is calculated as of the immediately
prior Business Day and (C) the Administrator does not in good faith reasonably believe that any of the information or calculations
set forth in such Interim Report are false or incorrect in any material respect (and notice of any such determination shall be provided
promptly to the Servicer).

11

Section 1.5 Fees.

The Seller shall pay to the
Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers certain fees in the amounts and on the dates set forth in one or more fee letter
agreements for each Purchaser Group, in each case entered into from time to time by and among the Servicer, the Seller and the applicable
Purchaser Agent and/or the Administrator (as any such fee letter agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, each, a Fee Letter).

Section 1.6 Payments
and Computations, Etc.

(a) All
amounts to be paid or deposited by the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall be made without
reduction for offset or counterclaim and shall be paid or deposited no later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the day when
due in same day funds to each account designated by the Purchaser Agents (for the benefit of the Purchasers in such Purchaser Agents
Purchaser Group) and/or the Administration Account, as applicable. All amounts received after 2:00 p.m.(New York City time) will be deemed
to have been received on the next Business Day. Amounts payable hereunder to or for the benefit of the Administrator, the Purchasers or
the Purchaser Agents (or their related Affected Persons or Indemnified Parties) shall be distributed as follows:

(i) Any
amounts to be distributed by or on behalf of the Administrator hereunder to any Purchaser Agent, Purchaser or Purchaser Group shall be
distributed to the account specified in writing from time to time by the applicable Purchaser Agent to the Administrator, and the Administrator
shall have no obligation to distribute any such amounts unless and until it actually receives payment of such amounts by the Seller or
the Servicer, as applicable, in the Administration Account. Except as expressly set forth herein (including, without limitation, as set
forth in Section 1.4(b)(iii) with respect to Collections held in trust for Declining Conduit Purchasers and Exiting Purchasers),
the Administrator shall distribute (or cause to be distributed) such amounts to the Purchaser Agents for the Purchasers within their respective
Purchaser Groups ratably (x) in the case of such amounts paid in respect of Discount and Fees, according to the Discount and Fees
payable to the Purchasers and (y) in the case of such amounts paid in respect of Capital (or in respect of any other obligations
other than Discount and Fees), according to the outstanding Capital funded by the Purchasers.

12

(ii) Except
as expressly set forth herein (including, without limitation, as set forth in Section 1.4(b)(iii) with respect to Collections
held in trust for Declining Conduit Purchasers and Exiting Purchasers), each Purchaser Agent shall distribute the amounts paid to it hereunder
for the benefit of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group to the Purchasers within its Purchaser Group ratably (x) in the case of
such amounts paid in respect of Discount and Fees, according to the Discount and Fees payable to such Purchasers and (y) in the case
of such amounts paid in respect of Capital (or in respect of any other obligations other than Discount and Fees), according to the outstanding
Capital funded by such Purchasers.

(b) The
Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, shall, to the extent permitted by law, pay interest on any amount not paid or deposited by
the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, when due hereunder, at an interest rate equal to 2.0% per annum above the Base Rate, payable
on demand.

(c) All
computations of interest under clause (b) and all computations of Discount, fees and other amounts hereunder shall be made
on the basis of a year of 360 (or 365 or 366, as applicable, with respect to Discount or other amounts calculated by reference to the
Base Rate) days for the actual number of days elapsed. Whenever any payment or deposit to be made hereunder shall be due on a day other
than a Business Day, such payment or deposit shall be made on the next Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the
computation of such payment or deposit.

Section 1.7 Increased
Costs.

(a) If
the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser, any Liquidity Provider or any other Program Support Provider or any of their respective
Affiliates (each an Affected Person) reasonably determines that the existence of or compliance with: (i) any
law, rule, regulation or generally accepted accounting principle or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof,
or (ii) any request, guideline or directive from Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) (including, without
limitation, FAS 166/167), or any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), affects or would
affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Affected Person, and such Affected Person determines that the
amount of such capital is increased by or based upon the existence of any commitment to make purchases of (or otherwise to maintain the
investment in) Pool Receivables or issue any Letter of Credit related to this Agreement or any related liquidity facility, credit enhancement
facility and other commitments of the same type, then, upon demand by such Affected Person (with a copy to the Administrator), the Seller
shall promptly pay to the Administrator, for the account of such Affected Person, from time to time as specified by such Affected Person,
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Affected Person for increased costs in the light of such circumstances, to the extent
that such Affected Person reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of any of such commitments.
A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Seller and the Administrator by such Affected Person shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.

13

(b) If,
due to either: (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law, rule, regulation or generally accepted
accounting principle or (ii) compliance with any request, guideline or directive from FASB (including, without limitation, FAS 166/167)
or any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost
to any Affected Person of agreeing to purchase or purchasing, or maintaining the ownership of, the Purchased Interest (or its portion
thereof), then, upon demand by such Affected Person, the Seller shall promptly pay to such Affected Person, from time to time as specified
by such Affected Person, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Affected Person for increased costs. A certificate as to such
amounts submitted to the Seller and the Administrator by such Affected Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error.

(c) For
the avoidance of doubt, and not in limitation of the foregoing, any increase in cost and/or reduction in yield caused by regulatory capital
allocation adjustments due to Statements of Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 166 and 167 (or any future statements or interpretations
issued by FASB or any successor thereto) (collectively, FAS 166/167) shall be covered by this Section 1.7.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 1.7, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives
promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority)
or any Governmental Authority, any central bank of any jurisdiction, comparable agency or other Person, in each case pursuant to, or implementing,
the accord known as Basel III, are, in the case of each of clause (i) and clause (ii) above, deemed to have been
introduced or adopted after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented.

Section 1.8 Requirements
of Law; Funding Losses.

(I) If
any Affected Person reasonably determines that the existence of or compliance with: (a) any law, rule or regulation or any change
therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, or (b) any guideline, request or directive from any central bank or other
Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), in either case, adopted, issued or occurring after the date hereof:

(i) does
or shall subject such Affected Person to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any increase in the Purchased
Interest (or its portion thereof) or in the amount of Capital relating thereto, or does or shall change the basis of taxation of payments
to such Affected Person on account of Collections, Discount or any other amounts payable hereunder (excluding taxes imposed on the overall
income of such Affected Person, and franchise taxes imposed on such Affected Person, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such
Affected Person is organized or a political subdivision thereof), or

14

(ii) does
or shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by,
or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, purchases, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other
acquisition of funds by, any office of such Affected Person in respect to the SOFR Reserve Percentage or the Base Rate hereunder, or

(iii) does
or shall impose on such Affected Person any other condition,

and the result of any of the foregoing is: (A) to
increase the cost to such Affected Person of acting as Administrator, or of agreeing to purchase or purchasing or maintaining the ownership
of undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to, or issuing any Letter of Credit in respect of, the Purchased Interest (or
interests therein) or any Portion of Capital, or (B) to reduce any amount receivable hereunder (whether directly or indirectly),
then, in any such case, upon demand by such Affected Person, the Seller shall promptly pay to such Affected Person additional amounts
necessary to compensate such Affected Person for such additional cost or reduced amount receivable. All such amounts shall be payable
as incurred. A certificate as to such amounts from such Affected Person to the Seller and the Administrator shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for purposes
of this Section 1.8, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and all requests, rules, guidelines
and directives promulgated thereunder, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or any Governmental Authority, any central
bank of any jurisdiction, comparable agency or other Person, in each case pursuant to, or implementing, the accord known as Basel III,
are, in the case of each of clause (i) and clause (ii) above, deemed to have been introduced or adopted after
the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented.

(II) The
Seller shall compensate each Affected Person, upon written request by such Person for all losses, expenses and liabilities (including
any interest paid by such Affected Person to lenders of funds borrowed by it to fund or maintain any Portion of Capital hereunder and
any loss sustained by such Person in connection with the re-employment of such funds), which such Affected Person may sustain with respect
to funding or maintaining such Portion of Capital if, for any reason, funding or maintaining such Portion of Capital does not occur on
a date specified therefor.

Section 1.9 Daily
1M SOFR or Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable; Increased Costs; Illegality.

(a) Unascertainable;
Increased Costs. If, on or prior to the first day of a Settlement Period:

(i) the
Administrator shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that (x) Daily 1M
SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof; or (y) a fundamental change has occurred with
respect to Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate (including, without limitation, changes in national or international financial, political
or economic conditions); or

15

(ii) any
Purchaser Agent determines for any reason that Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate for any requested Settlement Period does not adequately
and fairly reflect the cost to any such Purchaser in such Purchaser Agents Group of funding such Purchasers Investments,
and such Purchaser Agent has provided notice of such determination to the Administrator;

then the Administrator shall have the rights specified
in Section 1.9(c).

(b) Illegality.
If at any time any Purchaser Agent shall have determined that the making, maintenance or funding of any Purchase (or Portion of Capital
thereof) accruing yield by reference to Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate has been made impracticable or unlawful, by compliance by
such Purchaser Agent in good faith with any law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or with any
request or directive of any such Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), then the Administrator shall have the
rights specified in Section 1.9(c).

(c) Administrators
and Purchaser Agents Rights. In the case of any event specified in Section 1.9(a), the Administrator shall promptly
so notify the Purchaser Agents and the Seller thereof, and in the case of an event specified in Section 1.9(b), such Purchaser
Agent shall promptly so notify the Administrator and the Administrator or such Purchase Agent, as applicable, shall endorse a certificate
to such notice as to the specific circumstances of such notice, and the Administrator shall promptly send copies of such notice and certificate
to the other Purchaser Agents and the Seller (or such Purchaser Agent shall promptly send a copy of such notice and certificate to the
Administrator).

Upon such date as shall be specified in such notice
(which shall not be earlier than the date such notice is given), the obligation of (i) the Purchaser Agents, in the case of such
notice given by the Administrator, or (ii) such Purchaser Agent, in the case of such notice given by such Purchaser Agent, to allow
the Seller to select, convert to or renew any Purchase (or Portion of Capital thereof) accruing yield by reference to Daily 1M SOFR or
the Term SOFR Rate shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Alternate Rate or the applicable Settlement Period) until the Administrator
shall have later notified the Seller, or such Purchaser Agent shall have later notified the Administrator, of the Administrators
or such Purchaser Agents, as the case may be, determination that the circumstances giving rise to such previous determination no
longer exist.

If at any time the Administrator makes a determination
under Section 1.9(a), (A) if the Seller has delivered a Purchase Notice for an affected Purchase (or Portion of Capital
thereof) that has not yet been made, such Purchase Request shall be deemed to request a Purchase accruing yield at the Base Rate, and
(B) any outstanding affected Purchases (or Portions of Capital thereof) shall be deemed to have been converted into Purchases (or
Portions of Capital thereof) accruing yield at the Base Rate at the end of the applicable Settlement Period until the Administrator shall
have later notified the Seller, or such Purchaser Agent shall have later notified the Administrator, of the Administrators or such
Purchaser Agents, as the case may be, determination that the circumstances giving rise to such previous determination no longer
exist.

16

Section 1.10 Taxes.

The Seller agrees that any and
all payments by the Seller under this Agreement shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all current or future
taxes, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding
overall income or franchise taxes, in either case, imposed on the Person receiving such payment by the Seller hereunder by the jurisdiction
under whose laws such Person is organized, operates or where its principal executive office is located or any political subdivision thereof
(all such nonexcluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as Taxes).
If the Seller shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Purchaser, Purchaser
Agent, Liquidity Provider, Program Support Provider or the Administrator, then the sum payable shall be increased by the amount necessary
to yield to such Person (after payment of all Taxes) an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made.
Whenever any Taxes are payable by the Seller, the Seller agrees that, as promptly as possible thereafter, the Seller shall send to the
Administrator for its own account or for the account of any Purchaser, Purchaser Agent, Liquidity Provider or other Program Support Provider,
as the case may be, a certified copy of an original official receipt showing payment thereof or such other evidence of such payment as
may be available to the Seller and acceptable to the taxing authorities having jurisdiction over such Person. If the Seller fails to pay
any Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to the Administrator the required receipts or other required
documentary evidence, the Seller shall indemnify the Administrator and/or any other Affected Person, as applicable, for any incremental
taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by such party as a result of any such failure.

Section 1.11 Letters
of Credit.

Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof and the satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Exhibit II, the LC Bank shall issue or cause the issuance
of Letters of Credit (Letters of Credit) on behalf of Seller (and, if applicable, on behalf of, or for the account
of, the Transferor or any Subsidiary thereof) in favor of such beneficiaries as the Seller or the Transferor, as applicable may elect.
All amounts drawn upon Letters of Credit shall accrue Discount. Letters of Credit that have not been drawn upon shall not accrue Discount.

Section 1.12 Issuance
of Letters of Credit.

(a) The
Seller may request the LC Bank, upon two (2) Business Days prior written notice submitted on or before 11:00 a.m., New York
time, to issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to the Administrator, the LC Banks form of Letter of Credit Application (the Letter
of Credit Application), substantially in the form of Annex E attached hereto and an Issuance Notice, substantially in
the form of Annex B-2 (each, an Issuance Notice), in each case completed to the satisfaction of the Administrator
and the LC Bank; and, such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Administrator may reasonably request.
The Seller also has the right to give instructions and make agreements with respect to any Letter of Credit Application and the disposition
of documents, and to agree with the Administrator upon any amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit.

17

(b) Each
Letter of Credit shall, among other things, (i) provide for the payment of sight drafts or other written demands for payment when
presented for honor thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof and when accompanied by the documents described therein and (ii) have
an expiry date not later than twelve (12) months after such Letter of Credits date of issuance, extension or renewal, as the case
may be, and in no event later than twelve (12) months after the Facility Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no Letter of Credit
may be extended or renewed to a date that is later than twelve (12) months after the Facility Termination Date. Each Letter of Credit
shall be subject either to the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce
Publication No. 600, and any amendments or revisions thereof adhered to by the LC Bank or the International Standby Practices (ISP98-International
Chamber of Commerce Publication Number 590), and any amendments or revisions thereof adhered to by the LC Bank, as determined by the LC
Bank.

(c) The
Administrator shall promptly notify the LC Bank and each LC Participant, at such Persons address for notices hereunder, of the
request by the Seller for a Letter of Credit hereunder, and shall provide the LC Bank and LC Participants with the Letter of Credit Application
and Issuance Notice delivered to the Administrator by the Seller pursuant to paragraph (a) above, by the close of business
on the day received or if received on a day that is not a Business Day or on any Business Day after 11:00 a.m., New York time, on such
day, on the next Business Day.

Section 1.13 Requirements
For Issuance of Letters of Credit.

The Seller shall authorize
and direct the LC Bank to name the Seller or the Transferor as the Applicant or Account Party of each Letter
of Credit.

Section 1.14 Disbursements,
Reimbursement.

(a) Immediately
upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each LC Participant shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees
to, purchase from the LC Bank a participation in such Letter of Credit and each drawing thereunder in an amount equal to such LC Participants
Pro Rata Share of the face amount of such Letter of Credit and the amount of such drawing, respectively.

(b) In
the event of any request for a drawing under a Letter of Credit by the beneficiary or transferee thereof, the LC Bank will promptly notify
the Administrator and the Seller of such request. Provided that it shall have received such notice prior to 10:00 a.m., New York time,
the Seller shall reimburse (such obligation to reimburse the LC Bank shall sometimes be referred to as a Reimbursement Obligation
and the required date of reimbursement, the Reimbursement Date) the LC Bank prior to 12:00 p.m., New York time, on
each Business Day that an amount is paid by the LC Bank under any Letter of Credit (each such date, a Drawing Date)
(or, otherwise, by 12:00 p.m., New York time, on the Business Day immediately following such notice) in an amount equal to the amount
so paid by the LC Bank. Such Reimbursement Obligation shall be satisfied by the Seller (i) first, by the remittance by the Administrator
to the LC Bank of any available amounts then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account and (ii) second, by the remittance by or on
behalf of the Seller to the LC Bank of any other funds of the Seller then available for disbursement. In the event the Seller fails to
reimburse the LC Bank for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit by the applicable time on the Reimbursement Date,
the LC Bank will promptly notify each LC Participant thereof, and the Seller shall be deemed to have requested that a Funded Purchase
be made by the Purchasers in the Purchaser Groups for the LC Bank and the LC Participants to be disbursed on the Drawing Date under such
Letter of Credit, subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Purchase Limit. Any notice given by the LC Bank pursuant to this
Section may be oral if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate written confirmation
shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such oral notice.

18

(c) Each
LC Participant shall upon any notice pursuant to subclause (b) above make available to the LC Bank an amount in immediately
available funds equal to its Pro Rata Share of the amount of the drawing, whereupon the LC Participants shall each be deemed to have made
a Funded Purchase in that amount. If any LC Participant so notified fails to make available to the LC Bank the amount of such LC Participants
Pro Rata Share of such amount by no later than 2:00 p.m., New York time on the Drawing Date, then interest shall accrue on such LC Participants
obligation to make such payment, from the Drawing Date to the date on which such LC Participant makes such payment (i) at a rate
per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate during the first three days following the Drawing Date and (ii) at a rate per annum equal
to the rate applicable to Capital on and after the fourth day following the Drawing Date. The LC Bank will promptly give notice of the
occurrence of the Drawing Date, but failure of the LC Bank to give any such notice on the Drawing Date or in sufficient time to enable
any LC Participant to effect such payment on such date shall not relieve such LC Participant from its obligation under this subclause
(c), provided that such LC Participant shall not be obligated to pay interest as provided in subclauses (i) and (ii) above
until and commencing from the date of receipt of notice from the LC Bank or the Administrator of a drawing. Each LC Participants
Commitment shall continue until the last to occur of any of the following events: (A) the LC Bank ceases to be obligated to issue
or cause to be issued Letters of Credit hereunder; (B) no Letter of Credit issued hereunder remains outstanding and uncancelled or
(C) all Persons (other than the Seller) have been fully reimbursed for all payments made under or relating to Letters of Credit.

Section 1.15 Repayment
of Participation Advances.

(a) Upon
(and only upon) receipt by the LC Bank for its account of immediately available funds from or for the account of the Seller (i) in
reimbursement of any payment made by the LC Bank under a Letter of Credit with respect to which any LC Participant has made a participation
advance to the LC Bank, or (ii) in payment of Discount on the Funded Purchases made or deemed to have been made in connection with
any such draw, the LC Bank will pay to each LC Participant, ratably (based on the outstanding drawn amounts funded by each such LC Participant
in respect of such Letter of Credit), in the same funds as those received by the LC Bank; it being understood, that the LC Bank
shall retain a ratable amount of such funds that were not the subject of any payment in respect of such Letter of Credit by any LC Participant.

19

(b) If
the LC Bank is required at any time to return to the Seller, or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, or any official in any
insolvency proceeding, any portion of the payments made by the Seller to the LC Bank pursuant to this Agreement in reimbursement of a
payment made under the Letter of Credit or interest or fee thereon, each LC Participant shall, on demand of the LC Bank, forthwith return
to the LC Bank the amount of its Pro Rata Share of any amounts so returned by the LC Bank plus interest at the Federal Funds Rate, from
the date the payment was first made to such LC Participant through, but not including, the date the payment is returned by such LC Participant.

(c) If
any Letters of Credit are outstanding and undrawn on the Facility Termination Date, the LC Collateral Account shall be funded from Collections
(or, in the Sellers sole discretion, by other cash available to the Seller) in an amount equal to the aggregate undrawn face amount
of such Letters of Credit plus all applicable fees to accrue through the stated expiration dates thereof (such fees to accrue, as reasonably
estimated by the LC Bank, the LC Fee Expectation).

Section 1.16 Documentation.

The Seller agrees to be bound
by the terms of the Letter of Credit Application and by the LC Banks interpretations of any Letter of Credit issued for the Seller
and by the LC Banks written regulations and customary practices relating to letters of credit, though the LC Banks interpretation
of such regulations and practices may be different from the Sellers own. In the event of a conflict between the Letter of Credit
Application and this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. It is understood and agreed that, except in the case of gross negligence
or willful misconduct by the LC Bank, the LC Bank shall not be liable for any error, negligence and/or mistakes, whether of omission or
commission, in following the Sellers instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments
or supplements thereto.

Section 1.17 Determination
to Honor Drawing Request.

In determining whether to honor
any request for drawing under any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof, the LC Bank shall be responsible only to determine that
the documents and certificates required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their
face with the requirements of such Letter of Credit and that any other drawing condition appearing on the face of such Letter of Credit
has been satisfied in the manner so set forth.

Section 1.18 Nature
of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations.

Each LC Participants
obligation in accordance with this Agreement to make participation advances as a result of a drawing under a Letter of Credit, and the
obligations of the Seller to reimburse the LC Bank upon a draw under a Letter of Credit, shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable,
and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Article I under all circumstances, including the following circumstances:

20

(i) any
set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such LC Participant may have against the LC Bank, the Administrator, the
Purchaser Agents, the Purchasers, the Seller or any other Person for any reason whatsoever;

(ii) the
failure of the Seller or any other Person to comply with the conditions set forth in this Agreement for the making of a purchase, reinvestments,
requests for Letters of Credit or otherwise, it being acknowledged that such conditions are not required for the making of participation
advances hereunder;

(iii) any
lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which Seller,
an Originator, the Transferor or any Affiliate thereof on behalf of which a Letter of Credit has been issued may have against the LC Bank,
the Administrator, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any other Person for any reason whatsoever;

(iv) any
claim of breach of warranty that might be made by the Seller, the Transferor, an Originator or an Affiliate thereof, the LC Bank or any
LC Participant against the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right which the
Seller, the LC Bank or any LC Participant may have at any time against a beneficiary, any successor beneficiary or any transferee of any
Letter of Credit or the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee may be acting), the LC Bank, any LC Participant,
the Administrator, any Purchaser or any Purchaser Agent or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between the Seller or any Subsidiaries of the Seller
or any Affiliates of the Seller and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was procured);

(v) the
lack of power or authority of any signer of, or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of, any draft,
demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under any Letter of Credit, or any such draft, demand, instrument, certificate
or other document proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid, defective or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue
or inaccurate in any respect, even if the Administrator or the LC Bank has been notified thereof;

(vi) payment
by the LC Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document which does not comply
with the terms of such Letter of Credit other than as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the LC Bank;

(vii) the
solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction
or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of
any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit;

(viii) any
failure by the LC Bank or any of the LC Banks Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by the Seller, unless
the LC Bank has received written notice from the Seller of such failure within three Business Days after the LC Bank shall have furnished
the Seller a copy of such Letter of Credit and such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice;

21

(ix) any
Material Adverse Effect on the Seller, the Transferor, any Originator or any Affiliates thereof;

(x) any
breach of this Agreement or any Transaction Document by any party thereto;

(xi) the
occurrence or continuance of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Seller, the Transferor, any Originator or any Affiliate thereof;

(xii) the
fact that a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing;

(xiii) the
fact that this Agreement or the obligations of Seller or Servicer hereunder shall have been terminated; and

(xiv) any
other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing.

Section 1.19 Indemnity.

In addition to other amounts
payable hereunder, the Seller hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless the Administrator, the LC Bank, each LC Participant
and any of the LC Banks Affiliates that have issued a Letter of Credit from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities,
damages, taxes, penalties, interest, judgments, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including Attorney Costs) which the Administrator,
the LC Bank, any LC Participant or any of their respective Affiliates may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect,
of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, except to the extent resulting from (a) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the
party to be indemnified as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (b) the wrongful
dishonor by the LC Bank of a proper demand for payment made under any Letter of Credit, except if such dishonor resulted from any act
or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto Governmental Authority (all such acts or omissions
herein called Governmental Acts).

Section 1.20 Liability
for Acts and Omissions.

As between the Seller, on the
one hand, and the Administrator, the LC Bank, the LC Participants, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers, on the other, the Seller assumes
all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of any Letter of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letter of Credit. In
furtherance and not in limitation of the respective foregoing, none of the Administrator, the LC Bank, the LC Participants, the Purchaser
Agents or the Purchasers shall be responsible for: (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of
any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should
in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if the LC Bank or any LC Participant
shall have been notified thereof); (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to
transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may
prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other
party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter
of Credit or any other claim of the Seller against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between
or among the Seller and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee; (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or
delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, electronic mail, cable, telegraph, telex, facsimile or otherwise, whether
or not they be in cipher; (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise
of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (vii) the misapplication
by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit; or (viii) any consequences
arising from causes beyond the control of the Administrator, the LC Bank, the LC Participants, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers,
including any Governmental Acts, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of the LC Banks rights
or powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve the LC Bank from liability for its gross negligence or willful misconduct,
as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with actions or omissions described
in such clauses (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall the Administrator, the LC Bank, the LC Participants,
the Purchaser Agents or the Purchasers or their respective Affiliates, be liable to the Seller or any other Person for any indirect, consequential,
incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees), or for any damages
resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit.

22

Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Administrator, the LC Bank, the LC Participants, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers and each of its Affiliates
(i) may rely on any written communication believed in good faith by such Person to have been authorized or given by or on behalf
of the applicant for a Letter of Credit; (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face to comply
with the terms and conditions of the relevant Letter of Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter
of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise,
and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest
paid by the LC Bank or its Affiliates; (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation
or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being delivered separately),
and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Letter
of Credit; (v) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place
where such bank is located; and (vi) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on the Administrator, the LC Bank, the LC Participants,
the Purchaser Agents or the Purchasers or their respective Affiliates, in any way related to any order issued at the applicants
request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a carrier or any similar document (each an Order)
and may honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or
other documents presented in connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit.

23

In furtherance and extension
and not in limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by the LC Bank under or in connection with
any Letter of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith and without
gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, shall not
put the LC Bank under any resulting liability to the Seller, any LC Participant or any other Person.

Section 1.21 Benchmark
Replacement Setting.

(a) Benchmark
Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark
Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such
Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction
Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent
of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance
with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark
Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of any Benchmark setting
at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is
provided to the Purchaser Agents without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document so long as the Administrator has not received, by such time, written notice from Purchaser Agents comprising the
Majority Purchaser Agents of objection to such Benchmark Replacement determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition
of Benchmark Replacement.

(b) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement,
the Administrator may make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction
Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other
party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(c) Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrator will promptly notify the Seller and the Purchaser Agents of (i) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration,
adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrator will notify the Seller of (x) the removal or reinstatement
of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrator or, if applicable, any Purchaser Agent (or group of Purchaser
Agents) pursuant to this Section 1.21, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party
to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 1.21.

24

(d) Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate and either (A) any
tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected
by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided
a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative for
a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrator may modify the definition of Yield Period (or any
similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor;
and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information
service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is
not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrator may modify the definition
of Yield Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such
previously removed tenor.

(e) Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Upon the Sellers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Seller
may revoke any pending request for a Purchase (or Portion of Capital thereof) accruing yield based on Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate,
conversion to or continuation of any Portions of Capital accruing yield based on Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate to be made, converted
or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Seller will be deemed to have converted any such request
into a request for a Purchase accruing yield at the Base Rate. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for
the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor
for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the LC Participation Fee (as defined in the applicable Fee Letter) shall not be amended solely in connection with
selecting any replacement index in accordance with this Section 1.21.

(f) Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Section 1.21:

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a
term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length
of a Settlement Period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to
such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with
reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
tenor of such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Settlement Period pursuant to clause (d) of this
Section 1.21.

25

Benchmark
means, initially, Daily 1M SOFR and the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect
to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark
Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to this Section 1.21.

Benchmark Replacement
means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first applicable alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined
by the Administrator for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the
sum of: (A) Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the SOFR Adjustment; and

(2) the
sum of (A) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrator and the Seller, giving due consideration to (x) any
selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental
Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current
Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

provided,
that if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement
will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; and provided further, that any
Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as reasonably determined by the Administrator.

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero)
that has been selected by the Administrator and the Seller, giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining
such spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Date means a date and time determined by the Administrator, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(1) in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

26

(2) in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined by the Administrator, which
date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon
the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Event means, the occurrence of one or more of the following events, with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(1) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a
public statement or publication of information by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrator, the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board,
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component
thereof), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or a court or
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), which
states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrator announcing that all
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark
Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information
set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof).

27

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such
time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in
accordance with this Section 1.21 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with this Section 1.21.

Relevant Governmental
Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States or the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Section 1.22 Conforming
Changes Relating to Daily 1M SOFR and the Term SOFR Rate.

With respect to Daily 1M SOFR
and the Term SOFR Rate, the Administrator will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; provided that, with respect
to any such amendment effected, the Administrator shall provide notice to the Seller and each Purchaser Agent of each such amendment implementing
such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

Section 1.23 Selection
of Daily 1M SOFR and Term SOFR Rate; Rate Quotations.

(a) So
long as no Termination Event is continuing, the Seller may, by written notice to the Administrator, elect for all or any portion of the
Aggregate Capital to accrue Discount by reference to the Term SOFR Rate (rather than Daily 1M SOFR) during any Settlement Period. Any
such notice must specify the amount of the Aggregate Capital subject of such election and must be delivered not later than two (2) Business
Days prior to the first day of the affected Settlement Period. Any such portion of the Aggregate Capital that is subject to such an election
shall be apportioned among the respective Purchasers Capital ratably. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Seller shall
not make such an election if, as a result thereof, more than five Capital Tranches would exist and (y) each Capital Tranche accruing
interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate shall be not be less than the lower of (i) $300,000 and (ii) the aggregate amount
of Purchases outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Termination Event is then continuing, the Discount for any Portion of Capital
shall be determined pursuant to the definition of Discount notwithstanding any otherwise applicable election by the Seller.

28

(b) The
Seller may call the Administrator on or before the date on which an Purchase Notice is to be delivered to receive an indication of the
rates then in effect, but it is acknowledged that such projection shall not be binding on the Administrator or the Purchasers nor affect
the rate of interest which thereafter is actually in effect when the election is made.

ARTICLE II.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS;

TERMINATION EVENTS

Section 2.1 Representations
and Warranties; Covenants.

Each of the Seller and the Servicer
hereby makes the representations and warranties, and hereby agrees to perform and observe the covenants, applicable to it as set forth
in Exhibits III and IV, respectively.

Section 2.2 Termination
Events.

If any of the Termination Events
set forth in Exhibit V shall occur, the Administrator may (with the consent of the Majority Purchaser Agents) and shall (at
the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents), by notice to the Seller, declare the Facility Termination Date to have occurred (in which
case the Facility Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred); provided, that automatically upon the occurrence of any event (without
any requirement for the passage of time or the giving of notice) described in paragraph (f) of Exhibit V, the Facility Termination
Date shall occur. Upon any such declaration, occurrence or deemed occurrence of the Facility Termination Date, the Purchasers, the Purchaser
Agents and the Administrator shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies that they may have under this Agreement, all other rights
and remedies provided after default under the UCC and under other Applicable Law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative.

ARTICLE III.

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 3.1 Indemnities
by the Seller.

Without limiting any other rights
that the Administrator, the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents, the Liquidity Providers, any Program Support Provider or any of their respective
Affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, counsel, successors, transferees or permitted assigns (each, an Indemnified
Party) may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Seller hereby agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Party from and against
any and all claims, damages, expenses, costs, losses, liabilities, penalties and taxes (including Attorney Costs) (all of the foregoing
being collectively referred to as Indemnified Amounts) at any time imposed on or incurred by any Indemnified Party
arising out of or otherwise relating to any Transaction Document, the transactions contemplated thereby or the acquisition of any portion
of the Purchased Interest, or any action taken or omitted by any of the Indemnified Parties (including any action taken by the Administrator
as attorney-in-fact for the Seller, the Transferor or any Originator hereunder or under any other Transaction Document) whether arising
by reason of the acts to be performed by the Seller hereunder or otherwise, excluding only Indemnified Amounts to the extent: (a) a
final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Indemnified Amounts resulted from gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification, (b) due to the credit risk of the Obligor and for which reimbursement would constitute
recourse to the Transferor, any Originator or the Servicer for uncollectible Receivables or (c) other than in the case of clause
(xiii) below, such Indemnified Amounts include taxes imposed or based on, or measured by, the gross or net income or receipts
of such Indemnified Party by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Indemnified Party is organized, operates or where its principal
executive office is located (or any political subdivision thereof); provided, however, that nothing contained in this sentence
shall limit the liability of the Seller or the Servicer or limit the recourse of any Indemnified Party to the Seller or the Servicer for
any amounts otherwise specifically provided to be paid by the Seller or the Servicer hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing indemnification,
and subject to the exclusions in the preceding sentence, the Seller shall indemnify each Indemnified Party for Indemnified Amounts (including
losses in respect of uncollectible Receivables regardless for purposes of these specific matters whether reimbursement therefor would
constitute recourse to the Seller or the Servicer, except as set forth in subclause (viii) below) relating to or resulting
from any of the following:

29

(i) the
failure of any Receivable included in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable to be an Eligible
Receivable, the failure of any information contained in any Information Package or any Interim Report to be true and correct, or the failure
of any other information provided in writing to any Purchaser or the Administrator with respect to the Receivables or this Agreement to
be true and correct;

(ii) the
failure of any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by the Seller (or any employee, officer or agent of the Seller)
under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, any Information Package, any Interim Report or any other information
or report delivered by or on behalf of the Seller pursuant hereto to have been true and correct as of the date made or deemed made when
made;

(iii) the
failure by the Seller to comply with any Applicable Law related to any Receivable or the related Contract or the non-conformity of any
Receivable or the related Contract with any such Applicable Law;

(iv) the
failure of the Seller to vest and maintain vested in the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties) a first priority perfected ownership
interest or security interest in the Purchased Interest and the property conveyed hereunder, free and clear of any Lien;

(v) any
commingling of funds to which the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser is entitled hereunder with any other funds;

(vi) the
failure to have filed, in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, financing statements (including
as-extracted collateral filings) or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction or other Applicable
Laws with respect to any Receivables in, or purporting to be in, the Receivables Pool and the other Pool Assets, whether at the time of
any Purchase or at any subsequent time;

30

(vii) any
failure of a Lock-Box Bank to comply with the terms of the applicable Lock-Box Agreement;

(viii) any
dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable
(including without limitation a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation
of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale or lease of goods or
the rendering of services related to such Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish any such goods or services or other similar
claim or defense not arising from the financial inability of any Obligor to pay undisputed indebtedness;

(ix) any
failure of the Seller to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document to which it is a party;

(x) any
action taken by the Administrator as attorney-in-fact for the Seller, the Transferor or any Originator pursuant to this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document;

(xi) any
environmental liability claim or products liability claim or other claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding, arising out of or in
connection with merchandise, insurance or services that are the subject of any Contract;

(xii) the
failure by the Seller to pay when due any taxes, including, without limitation, sales, excise or personal property taxes;

(xiii) any
taxes arising because a Purchase or the Purchased Interest is not treated for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes
as intended under Section 5.17(a);

(xiv) the
use of proceeds of purchases or reinvestments or the issuance of any Letter of Credit;

(xv) any
reduction in Capital as a result of the distribution of Collections pursuant to Section 1.4(d), if all or a portion of such
distributions shall thereafter be rescinded or otherwise must be returned for any reason;

(xvi) any
failure by the Seller to pay any premium or other amount when due under the terms of any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured
Receivables, to keep any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables in force or to make or perfect any claim for reimbursement
under any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables; or

31

(xvii) any
insurance premium payments paid by the Administrator on any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables in accordance with
this Agreement.

Section 3.2 Indemnities
by the Servicer.

Without limiting any other
rights that any Indemnified Party may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify each Indemnified
Party from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts arising out of or resulting from (whether directly or indirectly): (a) the
failure of any information contained in an Information Package or any Interim Report to be true and correct, or the failure of any other
information provided to any such Indemnified Party by, or on behalf of, the Servicer to be true and correct, (b) the failure of any
representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by the Servicer (or any of its officers) under or in connection with this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party to have been true and correct as of the date made or deemed made when made, (c) the
failure by the Servicer to comply with any Applicable Law with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract, (d) any dispute,
claim, offset or defense of the Obligor (other than as a result of discharge in bankruptcy with respect to such Obligor) to the payment
of any Receivable in, or purporting to be in, the Receivables Pool resulting from or related to the collection activities with respect
to such Receivable, (e) any commingling (other than as a result of actions taken by the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any
Purchaser) of funds to which the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser is entitled hereunder with any other funds or (f) any
failure of the Servicer to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof or any other Transaction Document
to which it is a party.

ARTICLE IV.

ADMINISTRATION, COLLECTIONS AND INSURANCE RECEIVABLES

Section 4.1 Appointment
of the Servicer.

(a) The
servicing, administering and collection of the Pool Receivables shall be conducted by the Person so designated from time to time as the
Servicer in accordance with this Section. Until the Administrator gives notice to Arch Sales (in accordance with this Section) of the
designation of a new Servicer, Arch Sales is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, the Servicer
pursuant to the terms hereof. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event, the Administrator may (with the consent of the Majority Purchaser
Agents) and shall (at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents) designate as Servicer any Person (including itself) to succeed Arch
Sales or any successor Servicer, on the condition in each case that any such Person so designated shall agree to perform the duties and
obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof.

(b) Upon
the designation of a successor Servicer as set forth in clause (a), Arch Sales agrees that it will terminate its activities as
Servicer hereunder in a manner that the Administrator determines will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities
to the new Servicer, and Arch Sales shall cooperate with and assist such new Servicer. Such cooperation shall include access to and transfer
of related records (including all Contracts) and use by the new Servicer of all licenses, hardware or software necessary or desirable
to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security.

32

(c) Arch
Sales acknowledges that, in making their decision to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the
Purchasers have relied on Arch Sales agreement to act as Servicer hereunder. Accordingly, Arch Sales agrees that it will not voluntarily
resign as Servicer without the prior written consent of the Administrator and the Purchasers.

(d) The
Servicer may delegate its duties and obligations hereunder to any subservicer (each a Sub-Servicer); provided,
that, in each such delegation: (i) each such Sub-Servicer shall agree in writing to perform the delegated duties and obligations
of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the Servicer shall remain liable for the performance of the duties and obligations
so delegated, (iii) the Seller, the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers shall have the right to look solely to
the Servicer for performance, and (iv) the terms of any agreement with any Sub-Servicer shall provide that the Administrator may
terminate such agreement upon the termination of the Servicer hereunder by giving notice of its desire to terminate such agreement to
the Servicer (and the Servicer shall provide appropriate notice to each such Sub-Servicer); provided, however, that if any
such delegation is to any Person other than an Originator or the Transferor, the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents shall
have consented in writing in advance to such delegation.

Section 4.2 Duties
of the Servicer.

(a) The
Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such action as may be necessary or advisable to service, administer and collect each Pool
Receivable from time to time, all in accordance with this Agreement and all Applicable Law, with reasonable care and diligence, and in
accordance with the Credit and Collection Policies. The Servicer shall set aside, for the accounts of the Seller and the Purchasers, the
amount of the Collections to which each is entitled in accordance with Article I. The Servicer may, in accordance with the
applicable Credit and Collection Policy, take such action, including modifications, waivers or restructurings of Pool Receivables and
the related Contracts as the Servicer may determine to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof or reflect adjustments permitted
under the Credit and Collection Policy or required under Applicable Laws or the applicable Contract; provided, however,
that for the purposes of this Agreement (i) such action shall not change the number of days such Pool Receivable has remained unpaid
from the date of the original due date related to such Pool Receivable, (ii) such action shall not alter the status of such Pool
Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or a Defaulted Receivable under this Agreement or limit the rights of any of the Purchasers, Purchaser
Agents or the Administrator under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (iii) if a Termination Event has occurred
and is continuing and Arch Sales or an Affiliate thereof is serving as the Servicer, Arch Sales or such Affiliate may take such action
only upon the prior written approval of the Administrator. The Seller shall deliver to the Servicer and the Servicer shall hold for the
benefit of the Seller and the Administrator (individually and for the benefit of the Purchasers), in accordance with their respective
interests, all records and documents (including computer tapes or disks) with respect to each Pool Receivable. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, if a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the Administrator may direct the Servicer (whether
the Servicer is Arch Sales or any other Person) to commence or settle any legal action to enforce collection of any Pool Receivable or
to foreclose upon or repossess any Related Security.

33

(b) The
Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following actual receipt of collected funds, turn over to the Seller the collections of any indebtedness
that is not a Pool Receivable, less, if Arch Sales or an Affiliate thereof is not the Servicer, all reasonable and appropriate out-of-pocket
costs and expenses of such Servicer of servicing, collecting and administering such collections. The Servicer, if other than Arch Sales
or an Affiliate thereof, shall, as soon as practicable upon demand, deliver to the Seller all records in its possession that evidence
or relate to any indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, and copies of records in its possession that evidence or relate to any indebtedness
that is a Pool Receivable.

(c) The
Servicers obligations hereunder shall terminate on the Final Payout Date. After such termination, if Arch Sales or an Affiliate
thereof was not the Servicer on the date of such termination, the Servicer shall promptly deliver to the Seller all books, records and
related materials that the Seller previously provided to the Servicer, or that have been obtained by the Servicer, in connection with
this Agreement.

Section 4.3 Lock-Box
Account and LC Collateral Account Arrangements.

Prior to the Closing Date, the
Seller shall have entered into Lock-Box Agreements with all of the Lock-Box Banks and delivered original counterparts thereof to the Administrator.
During the continuance of a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event or during a Minimum Liquidity Period, the Administrator may
(and shall, at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents), at any time give notice to each Lock-Box Bank that the Administrator is
exercising its rights under the Lock-Box Agreements to do any or all of the following: (a) to exercise exclusive dominion and control
(for the benefit of the Secured Parties) over each of the Lock-Box Accounts and all funds on deposit therein and (b) to take any
or all other actions permitted under the applicable Lock-Box Agreement. The Seller and the Servicer each hereby agree that if the Administrator
at any time takes any action set forth in the preceding sentence, the Administrator shall have exclusive control (for the benefit of the
Secured Parties) of each Lock-Box Account and of the proceeds (including Collections) of all Pool Receivables in such Lock-Box Accounts
and the Seller and the Servicer hereby further agree to take any other action that the Administrator may reasonably request to transfer
such control or to ensure that the Administrator maintains such control. Any proceeds of Pool Receivables received by the Seller or the
Servicer thereafter shall be sent immediately to, or as otherwise instructed by, the Administrator. The Seller and the Servicer hereby
irrevocably instruct the Administrator on each Business Day during the Minimum Liquidity Period, so long as the Administrator has taken
exclusive dominion and control over each of the Lock-Box Accounts and no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists, to transfer
all available amounts on deposit in the Lock-Box Accounts as of the end of each Business Day and after giving effect to any distributions
to the Servicer on such day pursuant to Section 1.4(g), to the LC Collateral Account. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge
that if it at any time takes control of any Lock-Box Accounts, the Administrator shall not have any rights to the funds therein in excess
of the unpaid amounts due to the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents, the Purchasers, any Indemnified Party, any Affected Person or any
other Person hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, and the Administrator shall distribute or cause to be distributed such
funds in accordance with Section 4.2(b) and Article I (in each case as if such funds were held by the Servicer thereunder).

34

The Administrator shall have
exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the LC Collateral Account and the Seller hereby grants
the Administrator a security interest in the LC Collateral Account and all money or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto.
Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of
the Administrator and at the Sellers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such
investments shall accumulate in the LC Collateral Account. Moneys in the LC Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrator to
reimburse the LC Bank for each drawing under a Letter of Credit and for repayment of amounts owing by the Seller hereunder and under each
of the other Transaction Documents to each of the other Secured Parties, it being understood and agreed that certain amounts on deposit
in the LC Collateral Account may, from time to time, be remitted to the Servicer pursuant to Section 1.4(g). Amounts, if any,
on deposit in the LC Collateral Account on the Final Payout Date shall be remitted by the Administrator to the Seller.

The Administrator shall, on
each Settlement Date (if such date occurs on a Termination Day), remove any available amounts then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account
and deposit such amounts into each Purchaser Agents account in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 1.4(d),
to the extent that any amounts are then due and owing under clauses first through third of Section 1.4(d)(ii) after
giving effect to the distribution, if any, by the Servicer on such date in accordance with Section 1.4(d).

Section 4.4 Enforcement
Rights.

(a) At
any time following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Termination Event:

(i) the
Administrator (at the Sellers expense) may direct the Obligors that payment of all amounts payable under any Pool Receivable is
to be made directly to the Administrator or its designee;

(ii) the
Administrator may instruct the Seller or the Servicer to give notice of the Purchasers interest in Pool Receivables to each Obligor,
which notice shall direct that payments be made directly to the Administrator or its designee (on behalf of the Secured Parties), and
the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, shall give such notice at the expense of the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be;
provided, that if the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, fails to so notify each Obligor within two (2) Business
Days following instruction by the Administrator, the Administrator (at the Sellers or the Servicers, as the case may be,
expense) may so notify the Obligors;

(iii) the
Administrator may request the Servicer to, and upon such request the Servicer shall: (A) assemble all of the records necessary or
desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and transfer or license to a successor Servicer the use of all software
necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and make the same available to the Administrator or its
designee (for the benefit of the Purchasers) at a place selected by the Administrator, and (B) segregate all cash, checks and other
instruments received by it from time to time constituting Collections in a manner acceptable to the Administrator and, promptly upon receipt,
remit all such cash, checks and instruments, duly endorsed or with duly executed instruments of transfer, to the Administrator or its
designee; and

35

(iv) the
Administrator may replace the Person then acting as Servicer.

(b) The
Seller hereby authorizes the Administrator (on behalf of each Purchaser Group), and irrevocably appoints the Administrator as its attorney-in-fact
with full power of substitution and with full authority in the place and stead of the Seller, which appointment is coupled with an interest,
to take any and all steps in the name of the Seller and on behalf of the Seller necessary or desirable, in the determination of the Administrator,
following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Termination Event, to collect any and all amounts or portions thereof due under
any and all Pool Assets, including endorsing the name of the Seller on checks and other instruments representing Collections and enforcing
such Pool Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection, none of the powers conferred upon such attorney-in-fact
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall subject such attorney-in-fact to any liability if any action taken by it shall prove to be inadequate
or invalid, nor shall they confer any obligations upon such attorney-in-fact in any manner whatsoever.

Section 4.5 Responsibilities
of the Seller.

(a) Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Seller shall: (i) perform all of its obligations, if any, under the Contracts related
to the Pool Receivables to the same extent as if interests in such Pool Receivables had not been transferred hereunder, and the exercise
by the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser of their respective rights hereunder shall not relieve the Seller from such
obligations, and (ii) pay when due any taxes, including any sales taxes payable in connection with the Pool Receivables and their
creation and satisfaction. None of the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers shall have any obligation or liability with
respect to any Pool Asset, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Seller, the Transferor, ACI or
any Originator thereunder.

(b) Arch
Sales hereby irrevocably agrees that if at any time it shall cease to be the Servicer hereunder, it shall act (if the then-current Servicer
so requests) as the data-processing agent of the Servicer and, in such capacity, Arch Sales shall conduct the data-processing functions
of the administration of the Receivables and the Collections thereon in substantially the same way that Arch Sales conducted such data-processing
functions while it acted as the Servicer.

Section 4.6 Servicing
Fee.

(a) Subject
to clause (b), the Servicer shall be paid a fee (the Servicing Fee) equal to 1.00% per annum (the Servicing
Fee Rate) of the daily average aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Pool Receivables. The Purchasers Share of such fee
shall be paid through the distributions contemplated by Section 1.4(d), and the Sellers Share of such fee shall be
paid by the Seller on each Settlement Date.

36

(b) If
the Servicer ceases to be Arch Sales or an Affiliate thereof, the servicing fee shall be the greater of: (i) the amount calculated
pursuant to clause (a), and (ii) an alternative amount specified by the successor Servicer not to exceed 110% of the aggregate
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such successor Servicer in connection with the performance of its obligations as Servicer hereunder.

Section 4.7 Authorization
and Action of the Administrator and Purchaser Agents.

(a) Each
Purchaser and Purchaser Agent hereby accepts the appointment of and irrevocably authorizes the Administrator to take such actions as agent
on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrator hereby and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto (including, without limitation, the Administrator's entry into and execution of the No Proceedings Agreements). The
Administrator shall hold, in its name, for the benefit of each Purchaser, ratably, the Purchased Interest. The Administrator shall not
have any duties other than those expressly set forth herein or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent, and no
implied obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement, or otherwise exist, against the Administrator. The Administrator
does not assume, nor shall it be deemed to have assumed, any obligation to, or relationship of trust or agency with, the Seller or Servicer.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, in no event shall the Administrator
ever be required to take any action which exposes the Administrator to personal liability or which is contrary to the provisions of this
Agreement, any other Transaction Document or Applicable Law. The appointment and authority of the Administrator hereunder shall terminate
on the Final Payout Date.

(b) Each
Purchaser hereby accepts the appointment of the respective institution identified as the Purchaser Agent for such Purchasers Purchaser
Group on Schedule IV hereto or in the Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement pursuant to which such Purchaser becomes a party
hereto, and irrevocably authorizes such Purchaser Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and to
exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to such Purchaser Agent by the terms of this Agreement, if any,
together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this
Agreement, no Purchaser Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship
with any Purchaser or other Purchaser Agent or the Administrator, and no implied obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement,
or otherwise exist, against any Purchaser Agent.

(c) Except
as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 4.7 are solely for the benefit of the
Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers, and none of the Seller or the Servicer shall have any rights as a third party
beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions of this Section 4.7, except that this Section 4.7 shall not
affect any obligations which the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser may have to the Seller or the Servicer under the
other provisions of this Agreement. Furthermore, no Purchaser shall have any rights as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise under any
of the provisions hereof in respect of a Purchaser Agent that is not the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser.

37

(d) In
performing its functions and duties hereunder, the Administrator shall act solely as the agent of the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agents
and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for the Seller or Servicer
or any of their successors and assigns. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Purchaser Agent shall act solely as the
agent of its respective Purchasers and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or
agency with or for the Seller, the Servicer, any Purchaser not in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group, any other Purchaser Agent
or the Administrator, or any of their respective successors and assigns.

Section 4.8 Nature
of Administrators Duties; Delegation of Administrators Duties; Exculpatory Duties.

(a) The
Administrator shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Transaction
Documents. The duties of the Administrator shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. The Administrator shall not have, by reason
of this Agreement, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Purchaser. Nothing in this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents,
express or implied, is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Administrator any obligations in respect of this Agreement
or any of the Transaction Documents except as expressly set forth herein or therein. The Administrator shall not have any duty or responsibility,
either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent with any credit or other information with respect
to the Seller, any Originator, the Transferor, any Sub-Servicer or the Servicer, whether coming into its possession before the date hereof
or at any time or times thereafter. If the Administrator seeks the consent or approval of the Purchasers or the Purchaser Agents to the
taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, the Administrator shall send notice thereof to each Purchaser (or such Purchasers
Purchaser Agent, on its behalf) or each Purchaser Agent, as applicable. The Administrator shall promptly notify each Purchaser Agent any
time that the Purchasers and/or Purchaser Agents, as the case may be, have instructed the Administrator to act or refrain from acting
pursuant hereto.

(b) The
Administrator may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning
all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrator shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact
selected by it with reasonable care.

(c) None
of the Administrator and the Purchaser Agent, nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for
any action taken or omitted (i) with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents (or, in the case of any Purchaser
Agent, the Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group that have a majority of the aggregate Commitments of such Purchaser
Group) or (ii) in the absence of such Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrator shall not be responsible
to any Purchaser, Purchaser Agent or other Person for (i) any recitals, representations, warranties or other statements made by the
Seller, any Sub-Servicer, the Servicer, the Transferor, any Originator or any of their Affiliates, (ii) the value, validity, effectiveness,
genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of any Transaction Document, (iii) any failure of the Seller, any Sub-Servicer, the Servicer,
the Transferor, any Originator or any of their Affiliates to perform any obligation hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party (or under any Contract), or (iv) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Exhibit II. The Administrator
shall not have any obligation to any Purchaser Agent or Purchaser to ascertain or inquire about the observance or performance of any agreement
contained in any Transaction Document or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Seller, the Servicer, the Transferor, any
Originator or any of their respective Affiliates.

38

Section 4.9 UCC
Filings.

Each of the Seller and the Purchasers
expressly recognizes and agrees that the Administrator may be listed as the assignee or secured party of record on the various UCC filings
required to be made hereunder in order to perfect the transfer of the Purchased Interest from the Seller to the Purchasers, that such
listing shall be for administrative convenience only in creating a record or nominee owner to take certain actions hereunder on behalf
of the Purchasers and that such listing will not affect in any way the status of the Purchasers as the beneficial owners of the Purchased
Interest. In addition, such listing shall impose no duties on the Administrator other than those expressly and specifically undertaken
in accordance with this Section 4.9.

Section 4.10 Agents
Reliance, Etc.

None of the Administrator and
the Purchaser Agents, nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted
to be taken by it as Administrator or as Purchaser Agent, as the case may be, under or in connection with this Agreement except for such
Persons own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each of the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent: (i) may consult with
legal counsel (including counsel for the Seller), independent public accountants and other experts selected by the Administrator and shall
not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants
or experts; (ii) makes no warranty or representation to any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent and shall not be responsible to any Purchaser
or Purchaser Agent for any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement; (iii) shall not
have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement
on the part of the Seller, the Servicer, any Sub-Servicer, the Transferor or any Originator or to inspect the property (including the
books and records) of the Seller, the Servicer, any Sub-Servicer, the Transferor or any Originator; (iv) shall not be responsible
to any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency, or value of this
Agreement, or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; and (v) shall incur no liability under or in respect of
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by acting upon any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other
instrument or writing (which may be by telex) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. The Administrator
may at any time request instructions from the Purchasers and/or Purchaser Agents, and the Purchaser Agents may at any time request instructions
from the Purchasers in their Purchaser Groups, with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any
of the other Transaction Documents the Administrator or such Purchaser Agent is permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such
instructions are promptly requested, the Administrator and/or such Purchaser Agent shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking
any action or to withhold any approval and shall not be under any liability whatsoever to any Person for refraining from any action or
withholding any approval under any of the Transaction Documents until it shall have received such instructions from the Majority Purchaser
Agents, in the case of the Administrator or Purchasers holding the majority of the aggregate of the Commitments in such Purchaser Agents
Purchaser Group, in the case of any Purchaser Agent (or, in either case, where expressly required hereunder, from the Majority LC Participants,
the LC Bank, all of the Purchasers and/or all of the LC Participants). Without limiting the foregoing, (x) none of the Purchasers
and the Purchaser Agents shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrator as a result of the Administrator acting or
refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Majority
Purchaser Agents and (y) none of the Purchasers in a Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group shall have any right of action whatsoever
against such Purchaser Agent as a result of such Purchaser Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group with a
majority of the Commitments of such Purchaser Group. The Administrator shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining
from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of the required Purchasers or required Purchaser Agents, and such request
and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all Purchasers, all Purchaser Agents and the Administrator.
Each Purchaser Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in accordance
with a request of the Purchasers in such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group with a majority of the Commitments of such Purchaser
Group, and any such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Purchasers in such Purchaser
Agents Purchaser Group and such Purchaser Agent.

39

Section 4.11 Administrator
and Affiliates.

To the extent that the Administrator
or any of its Affiliates is or shall become an LC Participant hereunder, the Administrator or such Affiliate, in such capacity, shall
have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as would any other LC Participant hereunder and may exercise the same as though it
were not the Administrator. The Administrator and its Affiliates may generally engage in any kind of business with the Seller, the Transferor,
any Originator, ACI, any Sub-Servicer or the Servicer, any of their respective Affiliates and any Person who may do business with or own
securities of the Seller, the Transferor, any Originator, ACI, any Sub-Servicer or the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates,
all as if it were not the Administrator hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to any Purchaser Agent, or Purchaser.

Section 4.12 Notice
of Termination Events.

Neither the Administrator nor
any Purchaser Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event
unless it has received notice from, in the case of the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller and,
in the case of any Purchaser Agent, the Administrator, any other Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, in each case
stating that a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event has occurred hereunder and describing such Termination Event or Unmatured
Termination Event. In the event that the Administrator receives such a notice, it shall promptly give notice thereof to each Purchaser
Agent. In the event that a Purchaser Agent receives such a notice, it shall promptly give notice thereof to the Administrator (unless
such Purchaser Agent first received notice of such Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event from the Administrator) and to each
of its related Purchasers. The Administrator shall take such action concerning a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event as
may be directed by the Majority Purchaser Agents (unless such action otherwise requires the consent of the required Purchasers, all Purchaser
Agents or the LC Bank), but until the Administrator receives such directions, the Administrator may (but shall not be obligated to) take
such action, or refrain from taking such action, as the Administrator deems advisable and in the best interests of the Purchasers and
Purchaser Agents.

40

Section 4.13 Non-Reliance
on Administrator, Purchaser Agents and other Purchasers; Administrators and Affiliates.

(a) Each
Purchaser and Purchaser Agent expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrator and the Purchaser Agents, in the case of such Purchaser,
and none of the Administrator or any other Purchaser Agent, in the case of such Purchaser Agent, nor in either case any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act
by the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Seller, the Transferor, ACI, the
Servicer or any Originator, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrator or such Purchaser Agent.
Each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent represents and warrants to the Administrator and such Purchasers Purchaser Agent, in the case
of such Purchaser, and Administrator, in the case of such Purchaser Agent, that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrator,
the LC Bank, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made and will
continue to make its own appraisal of any investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions
and creditworthiness of the Seller, the Transferor, ACI, the Servicer or the Originators, and made its own evaluation and decision to
enter into this Agreement. Except for terms specifically required to be delivered hereunder, the Administrator shall not have any duty
or responsibility to provide any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent, and no Purchaser Agent have any duty or responsibility to provide any Purchaser,
with any information concerning the Seller, the Transferor, ACI, the Servicer or the Originators or any of their Affiliates that comes
into the possession of the Administrator or such Purchaser Agent, respectively, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates.

(b) Each
of the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents and the Administrator and any of their respective Affiliates may extend credit to, accept deposits
from and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, debt, entity or other business with the Seller, the Transferor, ACI, the Servicer
or any Originator or any of their Affiliates. With respect to the acquisition of the Eligible Receivables pursuant to this Agreement,
each of the Purchaser Agents and the Administrator shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any Purchaser and may
exercise the same as though it were not such an agent, and the terms Purchaser and Purchasers shall include,
to the extent applicable, each of the Purchaser Agents and the Administrator in their individual capacities.

41

Section 4.14 Indemnification.

Each LC Participant and Related
Committed Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrator and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and
agents and the LC Bank (to the extent not reimbursed by the Seller, the Transferor, the Servicer or any Originator and without limiting
the obligation of the Seller, the Transferor, the Servicer, or any Originator to do so), ratably according to its Pro Rata Share, from
and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses and, or
disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, in connection with any investigative or threatened proceeding, whether or not
the Administrator, the LC Bank or such Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or
asserted against the Administrator, LC Bank or such Person as a result of, or related to, any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection
therewith; provided, however, that no LC Participant or Related Committed Purchaser shall be liable for any portion of such
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, or disbursements resulting from the
Administrators or the LC Banks gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each LC Participant agrees to reimburse the Administrator
and the LC Bank, ratably according to their Pro Rata Shares, promptly upon demand, for any out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
counsel fees) incurred by the Administrator or the LC Bank in connection with the administration, modification, amendment or enforcement
(whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of its rights or responsibilities under,
this Agreement.

Section 4.15 Successor
Administrator.

The Administrator may, upon
at least thirty (30) days notice to the Seller, the Purchaser Agents and the Servicer, resign as Administrator. Such resignation
shall not become effective until a successor Administrator is appointed by the Majority Purchaser Agents and the LC Bank (subject to the
consent of the Seller, so long as no Termination Event exists, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and
has accepted such appointment. If no successor Administrator shall have been so appointed by the Majority Purchaser Agents and the LC
Bank within sixty (60) days after the resigning Administrators giving of notice of resignation, the resigning Administrator may,
on behalf of the Secured Parties, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Administrator. Upon such acceptance
of its appointment as Administrator hereunder by a successor Administrator, such successor Administrator shall succeed to and become vested
with all the rights and duties of the resigning Administrator, and the resigning Administrator shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations under the Transaction Documents. After any resigning Administrators resignation hereunder, the provisions of Sections
3.1 and 3.2 and this Article IV shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it
while it was the Administrator.

42

Section 4.16 Credit
Insurance Policies.

(a) At all times prior to the Final Payout Date while any Pool Receivables are being reported as Insured Receivables:

(i) the Seller shall maintain the Credit Insurance Policy with respect thereto in full force and effect;

(ii) the Seller shall pay all premiums and other amounts due by the Seller from time to time under such Credit
Insurance Policy when due in accordance with the terms thereof;

(iii) the Seller and the Servicer shall refrain from taking any action or omitting to take any action which
could reasonably be expected to prejudice or limit the Sellers or the Administrators rights to payment under such Credit
Insurance Policy with respect to the Pool Receivables insured thereby;

(iv) the Seller and the Servicer shall enforce the obligations of the applicable Credit Insurer under such
Credit Insurance Policy;

(v) the Seller and the Servicer shall maintain all records and documents that may be necessary to make claims
for reimbursement under such Credit Insurance Policy;

(vi) the Seller and the Servicer shall, and the Servicer shall cause the Seller to, perform all its other obligations
under such Credit Insurance Policy in accordance with the terms thereof (including, without limitation, delivering information regarding
the relevant Pool Receivables and notices of insolvency with respect to Obligors when required pursuant to the terms of such Credit Insurance
Policy);

(vii) the Seller and Servicer shall advise promptly the Administrator of any payment the Seller receives directly
under any Credit Insurance Policy, any denial of coverage under any such policy, any cancelation of such policy or any other information
received in connection with any such policy which is material to the payment of any claim thereunder;

(viii) neither the Seller nor Servicer shall amend, modify or waive (or consent to any such amendment, modification
or waiver of) any provision of any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables, which is material to the payment of any
claim thereunder, without the prior written consent of the Administrator and Majority Purchaser Agents; and

(ix) the Seller and Servicer shall deliver any additional instruments, certificates and documents, provide
such other information and take such other actions as may be necessary or desirable, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrator, to
give further assurances of any of the rights granted or provided for herein or under any Credit Insurance Policy (including, without limitation,
providing copies of invoices, purchase orders, and the proof of delivery of products as may be requested by the insurer thereunder).

43

(b) If the Seller fails to pay any premium or other amount due under any Credit Insurance Policy, the Administrator
may (in its sole discretion) pay such premium or other amount from the Pool Assets or Collections thereon or from its own funds in order
to keep such Credit Insurance Policy in force. Any amount so paid by the Administrator from its own funds shall constitute an Indemnified
Amount payable by the Seller to the Administrator hereunder.

(c) As to any Insured Designated Receivables only, in the event that any Obligor defaults on the payment of
any of its Pool Receivables, becomes subject to an Insolvency Proceeding or becomes subject to any other event that gives rise to a claim
for reimbursement under a Credit Insurance Policy, the Seller and the Servicer shall, promptly (but not later than the later of (x) ten
(10) Business Days after such event or (y) the first date on which such a claim may be filed pursuant to the terms of such Credit
Insurance Policy), file a claim for such reimbursement (with a copy thereof to the Administrator) in accordance with the terms of such
Credit Insurance Policy and shall take any other actions required under the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy to obtain such reimbursement
(including, without limitation, providing the applicable Credit Insurer with itemized statements, invoices, bills of lading, purchase
orders, summaries of collections efforts, evidence of debt or other documentation that may be required under the terms of such Credit
Insurance Policy). The Seller and the Servicer shall cause any amounts paid by a Credit Insurer under any Credit Insurance Policy to be
paid directly to a Lock-Box Account owned by the Seller and to be applied as a Collection in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(d) In the event that a Credit Insurer pays a claim under a Credit Insurance Policy with respect to a Pool
Receivable and the Seller is required to subrogate its rights, claims, guaranties, security, collateral or defenses to such Credit Insurer
in respect of such Pool Receivable, the Seller shall (and the Servicer shall cause Seller to) so subrogate such rights, claims, guaranties,
security, collateral or defenses in accordance with the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy. Simultaneously with receipt of such a payment
in a Lock-Box Account and upon such subrogation, the Administrator shall be automatically deemed to have released to the Seller any ownership
or security interest it may have hereunder (on behalf of itself and the Purchasers) in such rights, claims, guaranties, security, collateral
or defenses so subrogated, to the extent necessary to permit such subrogation; provided, however, that the Administrator
shall not be deemed to have released any such ownership or security interest it may have in related rights under such Credit Insurance
Policy (including, without limitation, any right of the Seller to receive ratable or other allocations of Collections or other recoveries
in respect of the related Pool Receivables).

(e) If any Credit Insurance Policy ceases to be Eligible Credit Insurance, the Seller and the Servicer shall
furnish to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent written notice thereof, together with a statement of the actions the Seller plans
to take to remedy such situation, if any, promptly but not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter.

44

(f) Any Collections received by the Administrator pursuant to the Credit Insurance Policy (including as an
additional insured thereunder) shall be distributed in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in Section 1.4(d).

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Amendments,
Etc.

No amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or consent to any departure by the Seller or the Servicer therefrom, shall
be effective unless in a writing signed by the Administrator, the Majority Purchaser Agents and the LC Bank and, in the case of an amendment,
by the other parties thereto (other than the Secured Parties); provided, however, that no such amendment shall, (a) without
the consent of each affected Purchaser, (i) extend the date of any payment or deposit of Collections by the Seller or the Servicer
or decrease the outstanding amount of or rate of Discount or extend the repayment of or any scheduled payment date for the payment of
any Discount in respect of any Portion of Capital or any fees owed to a Purchaser; (ii) reduce any fees payable pursuant to the applicable
Fee Letter, (iii) forgive or waive or otherwise excuse any repayment of Capital or change either the amount of Capital of any Purchaser
or any Purchasers pro rata share of the Purchased Interest; (iii) increase the Commitment of any Purchaser; (iv) amend
or modify the Pro Rata Share of any LC Participant; (v) amend or modify the provisions of this Section 5.1 or of Section 4.3,
Exhibit V or the definition of Eligible Receivables, Eligible Credit Insurance, Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit, Net Receivables Pool Balance, Majority LC Participants, Majority
Purchaser Agents, Minimum Liquidity, Minimum Liquidity Period, Purchased Interest, Scheduled
Commitment Termination Date, Termination Day, Termination Event or Total Reserves or
(vi) amend or modify any defined term (or any term used directly or indirectly in such defined term) used in clauses (i) through
(v) above in a manner that would circumvent the intention of the restrictions set forth in such clauses and (b) without
the consent of the Majority Purchaser Agents and/or Majority LC Participants, as applicable, amend, waive or modify any provision expressly
requiring the consent of such Majority Purchaser Agents and/or Majority LC Participant. Each such amendment, waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. The Administrator hereby agrees to provide
executed copies of any material amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the Rating
Agencies if requested by any party hereto. No failure on the part of any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser or the Administrator to exercise,
and no delay in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.

Section 5.2 Notices,
Etc.

All notices and other communications
provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including facsimile or electronic mail communication) and
shall be personally delivered or sent by facsimile, electronic mail or by overnight mail, to the intended party at the mailing address
or electronic mail address or facsimile number of such party set forth under its name on the signature pages hereof (or in any other
document or agreement pursuant to which it is or became a party hereto), or at such other address or facsimile number as shall be designated
by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective (i) if delivered
by overnight mail, when received, and (ii) if transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail, when sent, receipt confirmed by telephone
or electronic means.

45

Section 5.3 Successors
and Assigns; Assignability; Participations.

(a) Successors
and Assigns. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the successors
and assigns of such party; all covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of any parties hereto that are contained in this Agreement
shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 4.1(d) or Section 4.4(a)(iv), neither the Seller nor the Servicer may assign or transfer any of its
rights or delegate any of its duties hereunder or under any Transaction Document without the prior written consent of the Administrator,
each Purchaser Agent and the LC Bank.

(b) Participations.
(i) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, any Purchaser may sell to one or more Persons (each a Participant)
participating interests in the interests of such Purchaser hereunder; provided, that no Purchaser shall grant any participation
under which the Participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.
Such Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and the Seller, the Servicer, each Purchaser
Agent and the Administrator shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchasers rights
and obligations hereunder. A Purchaser shall not agree with a Participant to restrict such Purchasers right to agree to any amendment,
waiver or modification hereto, except amendments, waivers or modifications that require the consent of all Purchasers. (ii) Notwithstanding
anything contained in paragraph (a) or clause (i) of paragraph (b) of this Section 5.3, each of the LC Bank
and each LC Participant may sell participations in all or any part of any Funded Purchase made by such LC Participant to another bank
or other entity so long as (x) no such grant of a participation shall, without the consent of the Seller, require the Seller to file
a registration statement with the SEC and (y) no holder of any such participation shall be entitled to require such LC Participant
to take or omit to take any action hereunder except that such LC Participant may agree with such participant that, without such Participants
consent, such LC Participant will not consent to an amendment, modification or waiver that requires the consent of all LC Participants.
Any such Participant shall not have any rights hereunder or under the Transaction Documents. (iii) Each Purchaser that sells
a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Seller, maintain a register on which it enters the
name and address of each Participant and the interest in a Purchased Interest (and Discount, fees and other similar amounts under this
Agreement) of each Participants interest in a Purchased Interest or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant
Register); provided that no Purchaser shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register
(including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in a Purchased Interest) to any Person
except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that a Purchased Interest is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Purchaser
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this
Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator (in its capacity as Administrator)
shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

46

(c) Assignments
by Related Committed Purchasers. Any Related Committed Purchaser may assign to one or more Persons (each a Purchasing Related
Committed Purchaser), reasonably acceptable to each of the Administrator, the LC Bank and the related Purchaser Agent in each
such Persons sole and absolute discretion, its rights and obligations herein (including its Commitment (which shall be inclusive
of its Commitment as an LC Participant)) in whole or in part, pursuant to a supplement hereto, substantially in the form of Annex G
with any changes as have been approved by the parties thereto (each, a Transfer Supplement), executed by each such
Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser, such selling Related Committed Purchaser, such related Purchaser Agent and the Administrator and
with the consent of the Seller (provided, that the consent of the Seller shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed
and that no such consent shall be required if (i) a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing
or (ii) such assignment is made by any Related Committed Purchaser to (A) the Administrator, (B) any other Related Committed
Purchaser, (C) any Affiliate of the Administrator or any Related Committed Purchaser, (D) any commercial paper conduit or similar
financing vehicle sponsored or administered by such Purchaser and for whom such Purchaser acts as a program support provider or through
which (directly or indirectly) such Purchaser does or may fund Purchases hereunder (each, a Conduit), (E) any
Liquidity Provider, (F) any Program Support Provider or (G) any Person that (1) is in the business of issuing commercial
paper notes and (2) is associated with or administered by the Administrator or such Related Committed Purchaser or any Affiliate
of the Administrator or such Related Committed Purchaser). Upon (i) the execution of the Transfer Supplement, (ii) delivery
of an executed copy thereof to the Seller, the Servicer, such related Purchaser Agent and the Administrator and (iii) payment by
the Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser to the selling Related Committed Purchaser of the agreed purchase price, if any, such selling
Related Committed Purchaser shall be released from its obligations hereunder to the extent of such assignment and such Purchasing Related
Committed Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Related Committed Purchaser party hereto and shall have all the rights and obligations
of a Related Committed Purchaser hereunder to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto. The amount of the Commitment of
the selling Related Committed Purchaser allocable to such Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser shall be equal to the amount of the Commitment
of the selling Related Committed Purchaser transferred regardless of the purchase price, if any, paid therefor. The Transfer Supplement
shall be an amendment hereof only to the extent necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser as a
Related Committed Purchaser and a related LC Participant and any resulting adjustment of the selling Related
Committed Purchasers Commitment and, if applicable, selling related LC Participants Pro Rata Share of the LC Participation
Amount.

(d) Assignments
to Liquidity Providers and other Program Support Providers. Any Conduit Purchaser may at any time grant to one or more of its Liquidity
Providers or other Program Support Providers participating interests in its portion of the Purchased Interest. In the event of any such
grant by such Conduit Purchaser of a participating interest to a Liquidity Provider or other Program Support Provider, such Conduit Purchaser
shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder. The Seller agrees that each Liquidity Provider and Program
Support Provider shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 1.7 and 1.8.

47

(e) Other
Assignment by Conduit Purchasers. Each party hereto agrees and consents (i) to any Conduit Purchasers assignment, participation,
grant of security interests in or other transfers of any portion of, or any of its beneficial interest in, the Purchased Interest (or
portion thereof), including without limitation to any collateral agent in connection with its commercial paper program and (ii) to
the complete assignment by any Conduit Purchaser of all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any other Person, and upon such assignment
such Conduit Purchaser shall be released from all obligations and duties, if any, hereunder; provided, that such Conduit Purchaser
may not, without the prior consent of its Related Committed Purchasers, make any such transfer of its rights hereunder unless the assignee
(x) is a Conduit or (y) (i) is principally engaged in the purchase of assets similar to the assets being purchased hereunder,
(ii) has as its Purchaser Agent the Purchaser Agent of the assigning Conduit Purchaser and (iii) issues commercial paper or
other Notes with credit ratings substantially comparable to the ratings of the assigning Conduit Purchaser. Any assigning Conduit Purchaser
shall deliver to any assignee a Transfer Supplement with any changes as have been approved by the parties thereto, duly executed by such
Conduit Purchaser, assigning any portion of its interest in the Purchased Interest to its assignee. Such Conduit Purchaser shall promptly
(i) notify each of the other parties hereto of such assignment and (ii) take all further action that the assignee reasonably
requests in order to evidence the assignees right, title and interest in such interest in the Purchased Interest and to enable
the assignee to exercise or enforce any rights of such Conduit Purchaser hereunder. Upon the assignment of any portion of its interest
in the Purchased Interest, the assignee shall have all of the rights hereunder with respect to such interest (except that the Discount
therefor shall thereafter accrue at the rate, determined with respect to the assigning Conduit Purchaser unless the Seller, the related
Purchaser Agent and the assignee shall have agreed upon a different Discount).

(f) Certain
Pledges. Without limiting the right of any Purchaser to sell or grant interests, security interests or participations to any Person
as otherwise described in this Article V, above, any Purchaser may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all
or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure its obligations as a Purchaser hereunder, including any pledge or assignment
to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Purchaser
from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledge or assignee for such Purchaser as a party hereto.

(g) Assignment
by Administrator. Subject to Section 4.15 (if applicable), this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Administrator
hereunder shall be assignable, in whole or in part, by the Administrator and its successors and assigns; provided, that unless:
(i) such assignment is to an Affiliate of PNC, (ii) it becomes unlawful for PNC to serve as the Administrator or (iii) a
Termination Event exists, the Seller has consented to such assignment, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed.

(h) Agents.
Without limiting any other rights that may be available under Applicable Law, the rights of the Purchasers and each Liquidity Provider
may be enforced through it or by its agents.

48

(i) Disclosure;
Notice. Each assignor may, in connection with an assignment permitted hereunder, disclose to the applicable assignee (that shall have
agreed to be bound by Section 5.6) any information relating to the Servicer, the Seller or the Pool Receivables furnished
to such assignor by or on behalf of the Servicer, the Seller, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or the Administrator. Such assignor shall
give prior written notice to Seller of any assignment of such assignors rights and obligations (including ownership of the Purchased
Interest) to any Person other than a Program Support Provider.

(j) Opinions
of Counsel. If required by the Administrator or the applicable Purchaser Agent or to maintain the ratings of the Notes of any Conduit
Purchaser, each Transfer Supplement or other assignment and acceptance agreement must be accompanied by an opinion of counsel of the assignee
as to matters as the Administrator or such Purchaser Agent may reasonably request.

Section 5.4 Costs,
Expenses and Taxes.

(a) By
way of clarification, and not of limitation, of Sections 1.7, 1.19 or 3.1, the Seller shall pay to the Administrator,
any Purchaser Agent and/or any Purchaser on demand all costs and expenses in connection with (i) the preparation, execution, delivery
and administration (including amendments or waivers of any provision) of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents along with
all related documents and agreements (including the Confirmation Order and any other court filings in connection therewith), (ii) the
sale of the Purchased Interest (or any portion thereof), (iii) the perfection (and continuation) of the Administrators rights
(on behalf of the Secured Parties) in the Receivables, Collections and other Pool Assets, (iv) the enforcement by the Administrator,
the Purchaser Agents or the Purchasers of the obligations of the Seller, the Transferor, the Servicer or the Originators under the Transaction
Documents or of any Obligor under a Receivable and (v) the maintenance by the Administrator of the Lock-Box Accounts (and any related
lock-box or post office box), including Attorney Costs relating to any of the foregoing or to advising the Administrator, any Purchaser
Agent, any Purchaser, any Liquidity Provider or any other Program Support Provider about its rights and remedies under any Transaction
Document and all costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) of the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents, the Purchasers, any Liquidity
Provider or Program Support Provider in connection with the enforcement of the Transaction Documents and in connection with the administration
of the Transaction Documents. Subject to Section 1(e) of Exhibit IV of this Agreement, the Seller shall reimburse
the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser for the cost of such Persons auditors (which may be employees of such
Person) auditing the books, records and procedures of the Seller or the Servicer. The Seller shall reimburse each Conduit Purchaser for
any amounts such Conduit Purchaser must pay to any Liquidity Provider or other Program Support Provider on account of any Tax. The Seller
shall reimburse each Conduit Purchaser on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such Conduit Purchaser or any holder
of membership interests of such Conduit Purchaser in connection with the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby,
including costs related to the auditing of the Conduit Purchasers books by certified public accountants, Rating Agency fees and
fees and out of pocket expenses of counsel of the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent and any Purchaser, or any membership interest holder,
or administrator, of such for advice relating to such Conduit Purchasers operation.

49

(b) All
payments made by the Seller to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser, Liquidity Provider or other Program Support Provider
hereunder shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes (other than those imposed or based on the
gross or net income or receipts of the recipient by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Person is organized, operates or where
its principal executive office is located or any political subdivision thereof). If any such withholding is so required, the Seller shall
make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate authority before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues thereon
and pay such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by such Person free and clear of such
taxes (including such taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that such Person would have received had such withholding
not been made. If any such Person pays any such taxes, penalties or interest the Seller shall reimburse such Person for that payment on
demand. If the Seller pays any such taxes, penalties or interest, it shall deliver official tax receipts evidencing that payment or certified
copies thereof to such Person on whose account such withholding was made on or before the thirtieth day after payment.

(c) In
addition, the Seller shall pay on demand any and all stamp and other taxes and fees payable in connection with the execution, delivery,
filing and recording of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the other documents or agreements to be delivered hereunder
or thereunder, and agrees to save each Indemnified Party and Affected Person harmless from and against any liabilities with respect to
or resulting from any delay in paying or omission to pay such taxes and fees.

Section 5.5 No
Proceedings; Limitation on Payments.

(a) Each
of the Seller, ACI, the Servicer, the Administrator, the LC Bank, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers and each assignee of the Purchased
Interest or any interest therein, and each Person that enters into a commitment to purchase the Purchased Interest or interests therein,
hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit Purchaser
any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy
or similar law, for one year and one day after the latest maturing Note issued by such Conduit Purchaser is paid in full. The provisions
of this paragraph shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

(b) Each
of the Seller, ACI, the Servicer, the Administrator, the LC Bank, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers and each assignee of the Purchased
Interest or any interest therein, and each Person that enters into a commitment to purchase the Purchased Interest or interests therein,
hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Seller any bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar
law, for one year and one day after the Final Payout Date; provided, that the Administrator may take any such action with the prior
written consent of the Majority Purchaser Agents and the LC Bank. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.

50

(c) Notwithstanding
any provisions contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no Conduit Purchaser shall, or shall be obligated to, pay any amount, if any,
payable by it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless (i) such Conduit Purchaser has received funds which
may be used to make such payment and which funds are not required to repay such Conduit Purchasers Notes when due and (ii) after
giving effect to such payment, either (x) such Conduit Purchaser could issue Notes to refinance all of its outstanding Notes (assuming
such outstanding Notes matured at such time) in accordance with the program documents governing such Conduit Purchasers securitization
program or (y) all such Conduit Purchasers Notes are paid in full. Any amount which a Conduit Purchaser does not pay pursuant
to the operation of the preceding sentence shall not constitute a claim (as defined in 101 of the Bankruptcy Code) against or company
obligation of such Conduit Purchaser for any such insufficiency unless and until such Conduit Purchaser satisfies the provisions of clauses
(i) and (ii) above. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

Section 5.6 Confidentiality.

Unless otherwise required by
Applicable Law, each of the Seller and the Servicer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents (and all drafts thereof) in communications with third parties and otherwise; provided, that this Agreement may be disclosed:
(a) to third parties to the extent such disclosure is made pursuant to a written agreement of confidentiality in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, (b) to the Sellers legal counsel and auditors if they
agree to hold it confidential, subject to Applicable Law, (c) in connection with any legal proceeding arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the preservation or maintenance of that partys rights hereunder or thereunder,
(d) if required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction whether in pursuance of any procedure for discovering documents or
otherwise, (e) pursuant to any law in accordance with which that party is required or accustomed to act (including applicable SEC
requirements), (f) to any Governmental Authority, and (g) to any Person in connection with any credit agreement or other financing
transaction. The restrictions in the preceding sentence shall not apply to disclosures to any party to this Agreement by any other party
hereto, information already known to a recipient otherwise than in breach of this Section, information also received from another source
on terms not requiring it to be kept confidential, or information that is or becomes publicly available otherwise than in breach of this
Section. Unless otherwise required by Applicable Law, each of the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers agrees to maintain
the confidentiality of non-public financial information regarding ACI, the Seller, the Transferor, the Servicer and the Originators; provided,
that such information may be disclosed to: (i) third parties to the extent such disclosure is made pursuant to a written agreement
of confidentiality in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to ACI, (ii) legal counsel and auditors of the Purchasers, the Purchaser
Agents or the Administrator if they agree to hold it confidential, (iii) any nationally recognized statistical rating organization
or if applicable, the Rating Agencies rating the Notes of any Conduit Purchaser, (iv) any Program Support Provider or potential Program
Support Provider (if they agree to hold it confidential), (v) any placement agency placing the Notes and (vi) any regulatory
authorities or Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser, any Program Support
Provider or any Liquidity Provider.

51

Section 5.7 GOVERNING
LAW AND JURISDICTION.

(a) THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE
SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE VALIDITY OR PERFECTION
OF A SECURITY INTEREST OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER, IN RESPECT OF ANY PARTICULAR COLLATERAL ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION
OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) ANY
LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED
STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS, FOR
ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF
FORUM NON CONVENIENS, THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT
OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER
PROCESS, WHICH SERVICE MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW.

Section 5.8 Execution
in Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together,
shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be
equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart.

Section 5.9 Survival
of Termination; Non-Waiver.

The provisions of Sections 1.7,
1.8, 1.18, 1.19, 3.1, 3.2, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.10 and 5.14
shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

Section 5.10 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL.

EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES
ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY
OTHER PARTY OR PARTIES, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ANY
SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
FURTHER AGREES THAT ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM
OR OTHER PROCEEDING THAT SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION
HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT.

52

Section 5.11 Entire
Agreement.

This Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous
agreements and understandings of such Persons, verbal or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

Section 5.12 Headings.

The captions and headings of
this Agreement and any Exhibit, Schedule or Annex hereto are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation
hereof or thereof.

Section 5.13 Right
of Setoff.

Each Secured Party is hereby
authorized (in addition to any other rights it may have) to setoff, appropriate and apply (without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice which are hereby expressly waived) any deposits and any other indebtedness held or owing by such Secured Party (including by any
branches or agencies of such Secured Party) to, or for the account of, (i) the Seller against amounts owing by the Seller hereunder
(even if contingent or unmatured) and (ii) the Servicer against amounts owing by the Servicer hereunder (even if contingent or unmatured);
provided that such Secured Party shall notify the Seller or the Servicer, as applicable, promptly following such setoff; provided
further, that no Secured Party shall exercise any setoff against the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any deposits
of the Servicer held by such Secured Party, if such exercise is in contravention of any deposit account control agreement or other similar
agreement with the Servicer that is then in effect and to which such Secured Party or an Affiliate of such Secured Party is a party in
the capacity of the bank maintaining the Servicers relevant account.

Section 5.14 Purchaser
Groups Liabilities.

The obligations of each Purchaser
Agent and each Purchaser under the Transaction Documents are solely the corporate obligations of such Person. No recourse shall be had
for any obligation or claim arising out of or based upon any Transaction Document against any member, employee, officer, director or incorporator
of any such Person; provided, however, that this Section shall not relieve any such Person of any liability it might
otherwise have for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

53

Section 5.15 Sharing
of Recoveries.

Each Purchaser agrees that if
it receives any recovery, through set-off, judicial action or otherwise, on any amount payable or recoverable hereunder in a greater proportion
than should have been received hereunder or otherwise inconsistent with the provisions hereof, then the recipient of such recovery shall
purchase for cash an interest in amounts owing to the other Purchasers (as return of Capital or otherwise), without representation or
warranty except for the representation and warranty that such interest is being sold by each such other Purchaser free and clear of any
Adverse Claim created or granted by such other Purchaser, in the amount necessary to create proportional participation by the Purchaser
in such recovery. If all or any portion of such amount is thereafter recovered from the recipient, such purchase shall be rescinded and
the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.

Section 5.16 USA
Patriot Act.

Each of the Administrator
and each of the other Secured Parties hereby notifies the Seller and the Servicer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot
Act, the Administrator and the other Secured Parties may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Seller,
the Originators, the Transferor, the Servicer and the Performance Guarantor, which information includes the name, address, tax identification
number and other information regarding the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor, the Servicer and the Performance Guarantor that will
allow the Administrator and the other Secured Parties to identify the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor, the Servicer and the Performance
Guarantor in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act. Each
of the Seller and the Servicer agrees to provide the Administrator and each other Secured Parties, from time to time, with all documentation
and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and
regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act.

Section 5.17 Tax
Matters.

(a) It
is the intention of the parties hereto that for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, each Purchase is not
treated as a sale of the Purchased Interest or otherwise.

(b) The
Administrator, on Sellers behalf, shall maintain a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Purchasers, and
the Purchases (and Discount, fees and other similar amounts under this Agreement) pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the
Register), including any assignee. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and to the extent
applicable, the parties hereto shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a lender
solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Register shall be available for inspection by each Purchaser, at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

Section 5.18 Severability.

Any provisions of this Agreement
which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition
or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

54

Section 5.19 Mutual
Negotiations.

This Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents are the product of mutual negotiations by the parties thereto and their counsel, and no party shall be deemed the
draftsperson of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any provision hereof or thereof or to have provided the same. Accordingly,
in the event of any inconsistency or ambiguity of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, such inconsistency
or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against any party because of such partys involvement in the drafting thereof.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

55

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,
as of the date first above written.

ARCH RECEIVABLE COMPANY, LLC,

as Seller

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: One CityPlace Drive, Suite 300

St. Louis, MO 63141

Attention: Robert G. Jones

Telephone: 314-994-2716

Facsimile: 314-994-2736

Email: bjones@archcoal.com

ARCH COAL SALES COMPANY, INC.,

as initial Servicer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: One CityPlace Drive, Suite 300

St. Louis, MO 63141

Attention: Robert G. Jones

Telephone: 314-994-2716

Facsimile: 314-994-2736

Email: bjones@archcoal.com

S-1 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrator

By: 

Name: Michael Brown

Title: Senior Vice President

Address: PNC Bank, National Association

300 Fifth Avenue

11th Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222

Attention: Brian Stanley

Telephone: 412-768-2001

Facsimile: 412-768-5151

S-2 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Related Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: Michael Brown

Title: Senior Vice President

Address: PNC Bank, National Association

300 Fifth Avenue

11th Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222

Attention: Brian Stanley

Telephone: 412-768-2001

Facsimile: 412-768-5151

S-3 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the LC Bank and as an LC Participant

By: 

Name: Michael Brown

Title: Senior Vice President

Address: PNC Bank, National Association

300 Fifth Avenue

11th Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222

Attention: Brian Stanley

Telephone: 412-768-2001

Facsimile: 412-768-5151

S-4 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Purchaser Agent

By: 

Name: Michael Brown

Title: Senior Vice President

Address: PNC Bank, National Association

300 Fifth Avenue

11th Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222

Attention: Brian Stanley

Telephone: 412-768-2001

Facsimile: 412-768-5151

S-5 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

REGIONS BANK,

as a Purchaser Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street NW

Suite 1000

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attention: Mark Kassis or Linda Harris

Telephone: 404-221-4366 or 404-221-4354

Facsimile: 404-805-0841

REGIONS BANK,

as a Related Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street NW

Suite 1000

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attention: Mark Kassis or Linda Harris

Telephone: 404-221-4366 or 404-221-4354

Facsimile: 404-805-0841

S-6 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

REGIONS BANK,

as an LC Participant

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street NW

Suite 1000

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attention: Mark Kassis or Linda Harris

Telephone: 404-221-4366 or 404-221-4354

Facsimile: 404-805-0841

S-7 

Third A&R RPA

(Arch)

EXHIBIT I

DEFINITIONS

As used in the Agreement (including
its Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes), the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to
both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined). Unless otherwise indicated, all Section, Annex, Exhibit and Schedule references
in this Exhibit are to Sections of and Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules to the Agreement.

ABL Agent
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Credit Agreement.

ACI means
Arch Resources, Inc. (f/k/a Arch Coal, Inc.), a Delaware corporation.

Adjusted LC Participation
Amount means, at any time, the greater of (i) LC Participation Amount less the amount of cash collateral held in the LC
Collateral Account at such time and (ii) zero ($0).

Administration Account
means the account number 1002422076 of the Administrator maintained at the office of PNC at 300 Fifth Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
15222, or such other account as may be so designated in writing by the Administrator to the Servicer.

Administrator
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Adverse Claim
means any Lien other than a Permitted Lien; it being understood that any Lien in favor of, or assigned to, the Administrator (for the
benefit of the Secured Parties) shall not constitute an Adverse Claim.

Affected Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7 of the Agreement.

Affiliate
means, as to any Person: (a) any Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by or is under common control
with such Person, or (b) who is a director or officer: (i) of such Person or (ii) of any Person described in clause
(a), except that, in the case of each Conduit Purchaser, Affiliate shall mean the holder(s) of its capital stock or membership
interests, as the case may be. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect: (x) to
vote 25% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or managers of such Person, or (y) to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, in either case whether by ownership of securities, contract,
proxy or otherwise.

Agents
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Credit Agreement.

Aggregate Capital
means at any time the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Purchasers at such time.

Aggregate Discount
means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate for each Purchaser of the accrued and unpaid Discount with respect to each such Purchasers
Capital at such time.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

I-1

Alternate Rate
means an interest rate per annum selected in accordance with Section 1.23, for any Settlement Period for any Capital (or portion
thereof) funded by any Purchaser other than through the issuance of Notes equal to: (a)(i) the Benchmark that is the Term SOFR Rate
for such Settlement Period plus the SOFR Adjustment, (ii) the Benchmark that is Daily 1M SOFR for such Settlement Period plus
the SOFR Adjustment or (iii) the Base Rate for such Settlement Period; provided, however, that the Alternate
Rate for any day while a Termination Event exists shall be an interest rate equal to the greater of (i) 3.0% per annum above
the Base Rate as in effect on such day and (ii) the Alternate Rate as calculated in above.

Anti-Terrorism Laws
means any applicable laws or regulation relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export licensing, money
laundering or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such applicable laws or regulations,
all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.

Applicable Law
means, with respect to any Person, (x) all provisions of law, statute, treaty, constitution, ordinance, rule, regulation, ordinance,
requirement, restriction, permit, executive order, certificate, decision, directive or order of any Governmental Authority applicable
to such Person or any of its property and (y) all judgments, injunctions, orders, writs, decrees and awards of all courts and arbitrators
in proceedings or actions in which such Person is a party or by which any of its property is bound.

Arch Group
has the meaning set forth in paragraph 3(c) of Exhibit IV to the Agreement.

Arch Sales
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Assumption Agreement
means an agreement substantially in the form set forth in Annex F to this Agreement.

Attorney Costs
means and includes all reasonable fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of (i) prior to the occurrence of a Termination Event,
one law firm for the Administrator, the Indemnified Parties and the Secured Parties (and one local law firm in each applicable jurisdiction),
taken as a whole, and, in the case of any actual conflict of interest, one additional law firm to the affected parties similarly situated
(and one local law firm in each applicable jurisdiction), taken as a whole and (ii) on and after the occurrence of any Termination
Event, any law firm or other external counsel and all reasonable disbursements of internal counsel.

Bankruptcy Code
means the United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.), as amended from time to time.

Bankruptcy Court
means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri or such other court as shall have jurisdiction over the
Chapter 11 Cases.

Base Rate
means, with respect to any Purchaser, for any day, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time, which
rate shall be at all times equal to the highest of:

(a) the
rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the applicable Purchaser Agent (or applicable Related
Committed Purchaser or, in the case of determining the Base Rate for purposes of calculating the Yield Reserve, the Administrator) as
its reference rate or prime rate, as applicable. Such reference rate or prime rate
is set by the applicable Purchaser Agent (or the applicable Related Committed Purchaser or the Administrator) based upon various factors,
including such Persons costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point
for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate); and

I-2

(b) 0.50%
per annum above the latest Federal Funds Rate.

Benefit Plan
means any employee benefit pension plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA in respect of which the Seller, the Transferor,
any Originator, ACI or any ERISA Affiliate is, or at any time during the immediately preceding six years was, an employer
as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by law to be closed
for business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania or New York City, New York; provided that, for purposes of any direct or indirect calculation
or determination involving SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities
Business Day.

Capital
means, with respect to any Purchaser, the aggregate amounts paid to the Seller in connection with Funded Purchases in respect of the Purchased
Interest by such Purchaser pursuant to Section 1.2 of the Agreement (including such Purchasers Pro Rata Share of the
aggregate amount of all unreimbursed draws deemed to be Funded Purchases pursuant to Section 1.2(e)), as reduced from time
to time by Collections distributed and applied on account of such Capital pursuant to Section 1.4(d) of the Agreement;
provided, that if such Capital shall have been reduced by any distribution and thereafter all or a portion of such distribution
is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason, such Capital shall be increased by the amount of such rescinded or returned
distribution as though it had not been made.

Capital Tranche
means specified portions of the Purchases outstanding as follows: (a) any Purchase (or Portions of Capital thereof) for which the
applicable Discount is determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate and which have the same Settlement Period shall constitute one Capital
Tranche, (b) all Purchases (or Portions of Capital thereof) for which the applicable Discount is determined by reference to Daily
1M SOFR shall constitute one Capital Tranche, and (c) all Purchases (or Portions of Capital thereof) for which the applicable Discount
is determined by reference to Base Rate shall constitute one Capital Tranche.

Cash Flow Forecast
has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a)(iii) of Exhibit IV.

Change in Control
means (a) from and after the consummation of the Subject Merger,
Core Natural Resources ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of ACI free and clear of
all Adverse Claims (other than any Adverse Claim in favor of either Agent); (b) ACI ceases to own, directly or indirectly,
(1) 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Arch Sales free and clear of all Adverse Claims (other than any Adverse Claim
in favor of either Agent), (2) 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of each Originator (it
being understood that the foregoing clause (2) shall not prohibit the disposition of equity interests in any Originator to the extent
(x) after giving effect to such disposition, the Person so sold is no longer party to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and (y) such
disposition is not otherwise prohibited by the Transaction Documents), (3) 100% of each Company Note free and clear of all Adverse
Claims (other than any Adverse Claim in favor of either Agent (so long as such Person is then party to a No Proceedings Agreement) or
(4) 100% of the membership interests of the Seller free and clear of all Adverse Claims (other than any Adverse Claim in favor of
either Agent (so long as such Person is then party to a No Proceedings Agreement); or (bc)
any person or group of persons (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) or 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) shall have acquired beneficial ownership of (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC under said Act) 35%
or more of the voting capital stock of ACICore
Natural Resources; or (cd) within
a period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, individuals who (1) were directors of ACICore
Natural Resources on the first day of such period, (2) were nominated for election by the
ACICore Natural Resources, or (3) were
approved for appointment by the board shall cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors of ACICore
Natural Resources; provided that the appointment of any directors of ACI pursuant to the
Plan of ReorganizationCore Natural Resources in connection
with the Subject Merger shall not result in a Change of Control. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the occurrence of the Subject Merger shall not constitute a Change in Control so long as it is undertaken in accordance
with the Subject Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, for purposes
of this definition, Agent shall have the meaning given to such term in that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 28,
2017, by and among Core Natural Resources, as borrower, the guarantors thereunder, the lenders thereunder, PNC Bank, National Association,
as administrative agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and the joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners party
thereto, as extended, renewed, amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified.

I-3

Chapter 11 Cases
means the Chapter 11 cases of ACI and all of its Subsidiaries jointly administered under Case No. 16-40120-705 in the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.

Chapter 11 Debtors
means ACI and certain of its Subsidiaries that are debtors in any of the Chapter 11 Cases.

Chapter 11 Obligor
means, at any time, an Obligor that either (a) is a debtor in a case commenced under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and for which
such case has not been converted to Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or (b) is a resident of Canada and is subject to an Insolvency
Proceeding.

Chapter 11 Obligor
Receivable means, at any time, any Receivable the Obligor of which is a Chapter 11 Obligor.

Closing Date
means October 5, 2016.

Collections
means, with respect to any Pool Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any Originator, the Transferor, ACI, the Seller or
the Servicer in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including purchase price, finance charges, interest and all
other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including insurance payments and net proceeds of the sale or
other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Obligor or any other Person directly or indirectly
liable for the payment of such Pool Receivable and available to be applied thereon), (b) all amounts deemed to have been received
pursuant to Section 1.4(e) of the Agreement, (c) all other proceeds of such Pool Receivable (including payments
by guarantors and drawings under any Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or any other letter of credit in favor of any Originator, the
Seller or the Servicer with respect to such Receivable), and (d) all amounts paid by or on behalf of a Credit Insurer under any Credit
Insurance Policy or in respect of any claim thereunder.

I-4

Commitment
means, with respect to any Related Committed Purchaser, LC Participant or LC Bank, as applicable, the maximum aggregate amount which such
Purchaser is obligated to pay hereunder on account of all Funded Purchases and all drawings under all Letters of Credit, on a combined
basis, as set forth on Schedule IV or in the Assumption Agreement or other agreement pursuant to which it became a Purchaser, as
such amount may be modified in connection with any subsequent assignment pursuant to Section 5.3 or in connection with a change
in the Purchase Limit pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of the Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the
sum of the aggregate Commitments of all Purchasers in a Purchaser Group exceed such Purchaser Groups Group Commitment.

Commitment Percentage
means, for each Related Committed Purchaser or related LC Participant in a Purchaser Group, the Commitment of such Related Committed Purchaser
or related LC Participant, as the case may be, divided by the total of all Commitments of all Related Committed Purchasers or related
LC Participants, as the case may be, in such Purchaser Group.

Commodity Hedge
means a price protection agreement: (i) related to crude oil, diesel fuel, heating oil, coal, SO2 allowances or other commodities
used in the ordinary course of business of ACI and its Affiliates and (ii) entered into by ACI and its Affiliates for hedging purposes
in the ordinary course of the operations of their business.

Company Note
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

Concentration Percentage
means: (a) except as provided in clause (b) below, (i) for any Group A Obligor, 25%, (ii) for any Group B
Obligor, 20%, (iii) for any Group C Obligor, 10% and (iv) for any Group D Obligor, 5%, and (b) for each of the Obligors
listed in the chart below (each, a Special Obligor), the percentage specified in the chart below for such Special
Obligor (the applicable Special Concentration Limit); provided, however, that the Administrator (with
the prior written consent of the Majority Purchaser Agents) may approve higher Concentration Percentages for selected Obligors;
provided, further, that the Administrator may (or, at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents shall), upon not less
than five (5) Business Days notice to the Seller, (i) solely with respect to ArcelorMittal S.A., and its Subsidiaries,
cancel or reduce the Special Concentration Limit in the event that ArcelorMittal S.A.s long-term debt rating falls below investment
grade or (ii) with respect to any other Special Obligors, cancel or reduce the Special Concentration Limit, and in each case, the
Concentration Percentage for such Special Obligor(s) shall be determined pursuant to clause (a) above (or if reduced,
shall be no less than the percentage determined pursuant to clause (a) above). In the event that any other Obligor is or becomes
an Affiliate of a Special Obligor, the Special Concentration Limit shall apply to both such Obligor and such Special Obligor and shall
be calculated as if such Obligor and such Special Obligor were a single Obligor.

I-5

Special Obligor Special

Concentration

Limit

ArcerlorMittal S.A., and Subsidiaries 15%

Concentration Reserve
means at any time, the product of (a) the Aggregate Capital plus the Adjusted LC Participation Amount, and (b)(i) the Concentration
Reserve Percentage divided by (ii) 1 minus the Concentration Reserve Percentage.

Concentration Reserve
Percentage means, at any time, the largest of the following: (i) the sum of the five (5) largest Obligor Percentages
of Group D Obligors, (ii) the sum of the three (3) largest Obligor Percentages of Group C Obligors, (iii) the sum of the
two (2) largest Obligor Percentages of Group B Obligors and (iv) the largest Obligor Percentage of Group A Obligors; provided,
that, for purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage, with respect to any Eligible Receivable that is supported by an
Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or any Eligible Receivable that is an Insured Designated Receivable, the Obligor thereof
(including for purposes of determining such Obligors Obligor Percentage and status as a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor, Group
C Obligor or Group D Obligor) shall be deemed to be the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider or Eligible Credit Insurance
Provider, as applicable; provided, further that (x) if any Pool Receivable is partially supported by an Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit, then the Obligor thereof shall be deemed to be (i) with respect to the Unsupported Outstanding Balance
of such Pool Receivable, the Obligor of such Pool Receivable and (ii) with respect to the Supported Outstanding Balance of such Pool
Receivable, the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider and (y) with respect to any Eligible Receivable that is an
Insured Designated Receivable, the Obligor thereof shall be deemed to be (i) with respect to the Insured Amount of
such Insured Designated Receivable, the related Eligible Credit Insurance Provider and (ii) with respect to the remaining Outstanding
Balance of such Insured Designated Receivable, the Obligor of such Insured Receivable.

Conduit
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(c) of the Agreement.

Conduit Purchaser
means each commercial paper conduit that is a party to this Agreement, as a purchaser, or that becomes a party to this Agreement as a
purchaser pursuant to an Assumption Agreement or otherwise.

Confirmation Order
means the final order confirming the Plan of Reorganization entered by the Bankruptcy Court on September 13, 2016, which, among other
things, approves the transactions described in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

I-6

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to Daily 1M SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate or any Benchmark Replacement in relation thereto, any technical, administrative
or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day,
the definition of Yield Period, the definition of Settlement Period, the definition of U.S. Government
Securities Business Day, timing and frequency of determining rates and the timing of making payments of interest, timing of borrowing
requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, and other technical, administrative
or operational matters) that the Administrator, in consultation with the Seller, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and
implementation of Daily 1M SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrator
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion of such market
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator determines that no market practice for the administration of Daily 1M
SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrator decides is reasonably
necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents).

Contract
means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all contracts, instruments, agreements, leases, invoices, notes or other writings pursuant
to which such Receivable arises or that evidence such Receivable or under which an Obligor becomes or is obligated to make payment in
respect of such Receivable.

Core
Natural Resources means Core Natural Resources, Inc. (formerly known as CONSOL Energy Inc.).

Covered Entity
means (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor, the Transferor and each Originator and (b) each Person that,
directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control
of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding equity
interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for
such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of
equity interests, contract or otherwise.

CP Rate
means, for any Conduit Purchaser and for any Settlement Period for any Portion of Capital (a) the per annum rate equivalent
to the weighted average cost (as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent and which shall include commissions of placement agents
and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Notes of such Person maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding
funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any Program Support Agreement)
and any other costs associated with the issuance of Notes) of or related to the issuance of Notes that are allocated, in whole or in part,
by the applicable Conduit Purchaser to fund or maintain such Portion of Capital (and which may be also allocated in part to the funding
of other assets of such Conduit Purchaser); provided, however, that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in
calculating the CP Rate for such Portion of Capital for such Settlement Period, the applicable Purchaser Agent shall
for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest bearing equivalent rate per annum;
provided, further, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, the
Seller agrees that any amounts payable to Conduit Purchasers in respect of Discount for any Settlement Period with respect to any Portion
of Capital funded by such Conduit Purchasers at the CP Rate shall include an amount equal to the portion of the face amount of the outstanding
Notes issued to fund or maintain such Portion of Capital that corresponds to the portion of the proceeds of such Notes that was used to
pay the interest component of maturing Notes issued to fund or maintain such Portion of Capital, to the extent that such Conduit Purchaser
had not received payments of interest in respect of such interest component prior to the maturity date of such maturing Notes (for purposes
of the foregoing, the interest component of Notes equals the excess of the face amount thereof over the net proceeds received
by such Conduit Purchaser from the issuance of Notes, except that if such Notes are issued on an interest-bearing basis its interest
component will equal the amount of interest accruing on such Notes through maturity) or (b) any other rate designated as the
CP Rate for such Conduit Purchaser in an Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement or other document pursuant to which
such Person becomes a party as a Conduit Purchaser to this Agreement, or any other writing or agreement provided by such Conduit Purchaser
to the Seller, the Servicer and the applicable Purchaser Agent from time to time. The CP Rate for any day while a Termination
Event or an Unmatured Termination Event exists shall be an interest rate equal to the greater of (a) 3.0% per annum above the Base
Rate as in effect on such day and (b) the Alternate Rate as calculated in the definition thereof.

I-7

Credit Agreement
means (i) that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2024 (as extended, renewed, amended, amended and
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Original Term Loan Credit Agreement), by and among ACI, PNC Capital
Markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and PNC, as administrative agent
(in such capacities, together with its successors, the Original Term Loan Agent and, together with the administrative
agent or collateral agent under any other agreement referred to in clause (iii) below, the Term Loan Agent),
(ii) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2017 (as extended, renewed, amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the Original ABL Credit Agreement), by and among ACI, the lenders from to time party thereto,
and Regions Bank, as administrative agent (in such capacity, together with its successors, the Original ABL Agent
and, together with the administrative agent or collateral agent under any other agreement referred to in clause (iii) below, the
ABL Agent; the ABL Agent together with the Term Loan Agent, the Agents), or (iii) any other
loan agreement, credit agreement, indenture or other agreement from time to time entered into by ACI, any Originator and/or any Affiliate
thereof in connection with the incurrence or issuance of Debt (or commitments in respect thereof) in exchange or replacement for or to
refinance the Original Term Loan Credit Agreement or the Original ABL Credit Agreement, in each case, in whole or in part, whether or
not with the same or different lenders, arrangers, agents or other investors and whether with a larger or smaller aggregate principal
amount and/or a longer or shorter maturity, that provides for or is secured by, in whole or in part, among other things, a mortgage, security
interest or other Adverse Claim on any interest in real property or as-extracted collateral (or any proceeds thereof) of any Originator
related to such Originators mining operations or a minehead.;
provided, that, in the event any Credit Agreement is terminated or repaid in full, any reference thereto in this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a reference to such Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to such termination or repayment in full.

I-8

Credit and Collection
Policy means, as the context may require, those receivables credit and collection policies and practices of the Originators
and the Transferor in effect on the Closing Date and described in Schedule I to the Agreement, as modified in compliance with the
Agreement.

Credit Insurance
Policy means a credit insurance policy naming the Seller as insured and the Administrator as an additional insured or a loss
payee, which policy insures the payment of Pool Receivables owing by one or more Obligors.

Credit Insurer
means each insurance company that provides a Credit Insurance Policy to the Seller.

Cut-off Date
has the meaning set forth in the Sale Agreements.

Daily
1M SOFR means, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent by dividing (the resulting
quotient rounded upwards, at such Purchaser Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (a) the Term SOFR
Reference Rate for such day for a term of the Yield Period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (b) a number equal to
1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage; provided, that if Daily 1M SOFR, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR
Floor, then Daily 1M SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. The rate of interest will be adjusted automatically as of each Business
Day based on changes in Daily 1M SOFR without notice to the Seller.

Daily Report
has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a)(ii) of Exhibit IV to this Agreement.

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), the interest rate per annum determined by the applicable
Purchaser Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at such Purchaser Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th
of 1%) (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date) that is 2 Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR
Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate
Day is not a Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined
above would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination
Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business
Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business
Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR; provided
that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive
SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR
will change automatically without notice to the Seller, effective on the date of any such change.

I-9

Days Sales
Outstanding means, for any calendar month, an amount computed as of the last day of such calendar month equal to: (a) the
average of the Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables as of the last day of each of the three most recent calendar months ended on
the last day of such calendar month divided by (b) (i) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators and the Transferor
during the three calendar months ended on the last day of such calendar month, divided by (ii) 90.

Debt
means, as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or
unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of: (i) borrowed
money, (ii) amounts raised under or liabilities in respect of any bonds, debentures, notes, note purchase, acceptance or credit facility,
or other similar instruments or facilities, (iii) reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit,
(iv) any other transaction (including production payments (excluding royalties), installment purchase agreements, forward sale or
purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered
into by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements (but not including trade payables and accrued expenses incurred
in the ordinary course of business which are not represented by a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness), or (v) any
Guaranty of any such Debt. It is understood that obligations in respect of any Hedging Transaction shall not be deemed to be Debt.

Declining Conduit
Purchaser has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

Declining Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

Default Ratio
means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) computed
as of the last day of each calendar month by dividing: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that became
Defaulted Receivables during such month; provided, however, that such amount may, from time to time, exclude the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of Eligible Chapter 11 Receivables if consented to in writing by the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents
by (b) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators and the Transferor during the month that is seven calendar months before
such month.

Defaulted Receivable
means a Receivable:

(a) as
to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 150 days from the original due date for such payment, or

(b) without
duplication (i) so long as such Receivable is not an Eligible Chapter 11 Receivable, as to which an Insolvency Proceeding shall have
occurred with respect to the Obligor thereof or any other Person obligated thereon or owning any Related Security with respect thereto,
(ii) that has been written off the applicable Originators, the Sellers or the Transferors books as uncollectible
or (iii) that, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, should be written off the applicable Originators, the Sellers
or the Transferors books as uncollectible;

I-10

provided, however, that for purposes of
calculating the Default Ratio, no Receivable will be deemed to have become a Defaulted Receivable more than once.

Delinquency Ratio
means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) computed
as of the last day of each calendar month by dividing: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that were Delinquent
Receivables on such day by (b) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables on such day.

Delinquent Receivable
means a Receivable as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 60 days from the original due date for such
payment.

Dilution Horizon
means, for any calendar month, the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th
of 1% rounded upward) computed as of the last day of such calendar month of: (a) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators
and the Transferor during the two most recent calendar months to (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at the last day of the most
recent calendar month.

Dilution Ratio
means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded
upward), computed as of the last day of each calendar month by dividing: (a) the aggregate amount of payments made or owed by the
Seller pursuant to Section 1.4(e)(i) of the Agreement during such calendar month by (b) the aggregate credit sales
made by the Originators and the Transferor during the calendar month that is one month prior to such calendar month.

Dilution Reserve
means, on any day, an amount equal to: (a) the sum of the Aggregate Capital plus the Adjusted LC Participation Amount at the close
of business of the Servicer on such day multiplied by (b) (i) the Dilution Reserve Percentage on such day, divided by
(ii) 100% minus the Dilution Reserve Percentage on such day.

Dilution Reserve
Percentage means, on any day, the product of (a) the Dilution Horizon multiplied by (b) the sum of (i) 2.5 times
the average of the Dilution Ratios for the twelve most recent calendar months and (ii) the Spike Factor.

Discount
means, with respect to any Purchaser:

(a) for
any Portion of Capital for any Settlement Period with respect to any Purchaser to the extent such Portion of Capital will be funded by
such Purchaser during such Settlement Period through the issuance of Notes:

CPR x C x ED/360

(b) for
any Portion of Capital for any Settlement Period with respect to any Purchaser to the extent such Portion of Capital will not be funded
by such Purchaser during such Settlement Period through the issuance of Notes or, if the LC Bank and/or any LC Participant has made, or
has deemed to have made, a Funded Purchase in connection with any drawing under a Letter of Credit which accrues Discount pursuant to
Section 1.2(e) of the Agreement:

I-11

AR x C x ED/Year + TF

where:

AR = the Alternate Rate for such Portion of Capital for such Settlement Period with respect to such Purchaser,

C = the Portion of Capital during such Settlement Period with respect to such Purchaser,

CPR = the CP Rate for the Portion of Capital for such Settlement Period with respect to such Purchaser,

ED = the actual number of days during such Settlement Period,

Year = if such Portion of Capital is funded based upon: (i) SOFR, 360 days, and (ii) the Base
Rate, 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and

TF = the Termination Fee, if any, for the Portion of Capital for such Settlement Period with respect to
such Purchaser;

provided,
that no provision of the Agreement shall require the payment or permit the collection of Discount in excess of the maximum permitted by
Applicable Law; and provided further, that Discount for any Portion of Capital shall not be considered paid by any distribution
to the extent that at any time all or a portion of such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason.

Drawing Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.14 of the Agreement.

Eligible Assignee
means any bank or financial institution acceptable to the LC Bank and the Administrator.

Eligible Chapter
11 Receivable means, at any time, any Chapter 11 Obligor Receivable for which both (a) either (I) a final order has
been entered by the applicable United States Bankruptcy Court having jurisdiction over the related Chapter 11 Obligor (x) authorizing
and approving assumption of the Contract that gave rise to such Chapter 11 Obligor Receivable, (y) authorizing the related Chapter
11 Obligor to perform (prior to assumption) post-petition under the terms of the Contract that gave rise to such Chapter 11 Obligor Receivable
or (z) providing for a critical vendor order authorizing payment of such Chapter 11 Obligor Receivable to the extent such Receivable
arises with respect to shipments of coal occurring pre-petition and, in each case, such order has not been subsequently stayed, reversed
or vacated or (II) the related Obligor of which is a resident of Canada and (b) the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser
Agents have in their sole and absolute discretion provided written consent to the Seller that such Chapter 11 Obligor Receivable shall
constitute an Eligible Chapter 11 Receivable; provided, however, that the Administrator or the Majority Purchaser
Agents may, upon not less than five (5) Business Days notice to the Seller, cancel any or all designations of Chapter 11 Obligor
Receivables as Eligible Chapter 11 Receivables and thereafter such Chapter 11 Obligor Receivable(s) shall not constitute Eligible
Chapter 11 Receivables for purposes of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

I-12

Eligible Credit
Insurance means a Credit Insurance Policy issued by an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, which policy (a) is a Credit
Insurance Policy that the Administrator and the Purchaser Agents (in their sole discretion) have agreed in writing constitutes Eligible
Credit Insurance, (b) such Credit Insurance Policys designation as Eligible Credit Insurance has not
been revoked in writing by the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent; provided that any such designation may only be revoked at
a time when the long-term unsecured and uncredit-enhanced senior debt obligation of the related Eligible Credit Insurance Provider is
withdrawn or falls below a rating of (i) AA- by Standard & Poors, or (ii) Aa3
by Moodys, (c) is in full force and effect and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Eligible Credit Insurance
Provider, and (d) with respect to which, all due and payable premiums have been paid in full. For the avoidance of doubt, if the
Credit Insurer of such a Credit Insurance Policy ceases to be an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, such policy shall cease to constitute
Eligible Credit Insurance.

Eligible Credit
Insurance Provider means an insurance company in the business of issuing commercial credit insurance (a) which company
is not an Affiliate of ACI, the Transferor, the Servicer or any other Originator, (b) which is not a Sanctioned Person, and (c) with
respect to which, it has not had any credit rating assigned by any of Moodys, Standard Poors or A.M. Best Company, Inc.
to it reduced by two or more ratings notches since the time any Credit Insurance Policy written by such Credit Insurer became
Eligible Credit Insurance hereunder.

Eligible Foreign
Obligor means an Obligor which is a resident of any country (other than the United States of America) that is not a Sanctioned
Country.

Eligible Receivable
means, at any time, a Pool Receivable:

(a) the
Obligor of which is: (i) (A) United States resident or (B) an Eligible Foreign Obligor; (ii) not (A) a United
States Federal Government Authority or (B) a governmental entity within the State of Ohio; provided that TVA shall not be
subject to the restriction set forth in clause (ii)(A) above; (iii) (A) not subject to any Insolvency Proceeding
or (B) the Obligor of an Eligible Chapter 11 Receivable; (iv) not an Affiliate of ACI, the Transferor, the Servicer or any other
Originator; and (v) not a natural person (in each case, unless consented to in writing by the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser
Agents); provided that, with respect to clauses (i) and (iii) above, in respect of any Pool Receivable that either (x) is
fully supported by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or (y) is an Insured Designated Receivable and substantially all of the
Outstanding Balance thereof is an Insured Amount, the Obligor thereof shall be deemed to be the related Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider or Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, as applicable, and such Obligor shall be deemed to be organized under
the laws of the country in which the office from which it is obligated to make payment with respect to such Eligible Supporting Letter
of Credit or Eligible Credit Insurance is located;

(b) that
is denominated and payable only in U.S. dollars in the United States, and the Obligor with respect to which has been instructed to remit
Collections in respect thereof to a Lock-Box Account (or so long as the Exception Account Conditions are then satisfied, an Exception
Account) in the United States of America;

I-13

(c) the
Obligor of which is not a Sanctioned Person;

(d) that
arises under a duly authorized Contract for the sale and delivery of goods or services in the ordinary course of the applicable Originators
or the Transferors business;

(e) that
arises under a duly authorized Contract that is in full force and effect and that is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the related
Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally or limiting
the right of specific performance;

(f) that,
together with the Contract related thereto, conforms in all material respects with all Applicable Laws;

(g) that
is not the subject of any asserted dispute, offset, hold back, defense, Adverse Claim or other claim, provided that, with respect to any
Pool Receivable which is subject to any such claim, the amount of such Pool Receivable which shall be treated as an Eligible Receivable
shall equal the excess of the amount of such Pool Receivable over the amount of such claim asserted by or available to the related Obligor;

(h) that
satisfies all applicable requirements of the applicable Credit and Collection Policy;

(i) that,
together with the Contract related thereto, has not been modified, waived or restructured since its creation, except as permitted pursuant
to Section 4.2 of the Agreement;

(j) in
which the Seller owns good and marketable title, free and clear of any Adverse Claims, and that is freely assignable by the Seller (including
without any consent of the related Obligor or any Governmental Authority);

(k) for
which the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties) shall have a valid and enforceable undivided percentage ownership or security
interest, to the extent of the Purchased Interest, and a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest therein and
in the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim;

(l) that
constitutes an account as defined in the UCC, and that is not evidenced by instruments or chattel paper;

(m) that
is neither a Defaulted Receivable nor a Delinquent Receivable;

I-14

(n) for
which neither the Originator thereof, the Transferor, the Seller nor the Servicer has established any offset or netting arrangements with
the related Obligor;

(o) for
which the sum of the Outstanding Balances of all Receivables of the related Obligor with respect to which any payment, or part thereof,
remains unpaid for more than 90 days from the original due date for such payment do not exceed 35.00% of the Outstanding Balance of all
such Obligors Receivables;

(p) that
represents amounts earned and payable by the Obligor that are not subject to the performance of additional services by the Originator
thereof or the Transferor;

(q) that
(i) does not arise from a sale of accounts made as part of a sale of a business or constitute an assignment for the purpose of collection
only, (ii) is not a transfer of a single account made in whole or partial satisfaction of a preexisting indebtedness or an assignment
of a right to payment under a contract to an assignee that is also obligated to perform under the contract and (iii) is not a transfer
of an interest in or an assignment of a claim under a policy of insurance;

(r) that
if such Receivable has not yet been billed, the related coal has been shipped within the last 60 days;

(s) that
does not have a due date which is more than 90 days after the original invoice date of such Receivable; and

(t) that
if such Receivable is a Rio Tinto Receivable, a Rio Tinto Trigger Event has not occurred with respect to any Rio Tinto Receivable (it
being understood that upon the occurrence of a Rio Tinto Trigger Event with respect to any Receivable, then on and after such time, no
Rio Tinto Receivables, whether or not then in the Receivables Pool prior to such Rio Tinto Trigger Event, shall be an Eligible Receivable).

Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit means, with respect to any Pool Receivables of an Obligor, an unconditional (except for any draft or documentation
required to be presented as a condition to drawings thereunder), irrevocable standby or commercial letter of credit, in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Administrator, issued or confirmed by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider, which letter of credit
(i) supports the payment of such Pool Receivables, (ii) names the Originator of such Pool Receivables as the sole beneficiary
thereof, (iii) is payable in U.S. Dollars, (iv) is in full force and effect and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider and (v) unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrator, by its
terms requires proceeds of all drawings thereunder to be sent by the issuer thereof (or, if applicable, the confirming bank) directly
to a Lock-Box Account designated therein.

Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider means a bank so designated in writing by the Administrator to the Servicer (in the reasonable discretion
of the Administrator); provided that at any time after the long-term unsecured and uncredit-enhanced senior debt obligation of
such bank is withdrawn or falls below a rating of (a) BBB- by Standard & Poors, or (b) Baa3
by Moodys, the Administrator may revoke (in the sole discretion of the Administrator) any such designation by written notice, which
revocation shall be effective on the date so designated, and on such effective date, each letter of credit issued or confirmed by such
bank shall cease to be an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit; provided, however, that no bank shall constitute an Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit Provider if at any time it is any of the following: (a) a Sanctioned Person or (b) an Affiliate
of ACI, the Transferor, the Servicer or any Originator.

I-15

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import,
together with the rulings and regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA also
refer to any successor sections.

ERISA Affiliate
means: (a) any corporation that is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of
the Internal Revenue Code) as the Seller, the Transferor, any Originator or ACI, (b) a trade or business (whether or not incorporated)
under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code) with the Seller, the Transferor, any
Originator or ACI, or (c) a member of the same affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code) as the Seller, the Transferor, any Originator, ACI, any corporation described in clause (a) or any trade or
business described in clause (b).

Exception Account:
means the deposit account maintained at PNC in the name of Arch Coal Sales Company, Inc. with the following account number: 1082061214.

Exception Account
Conditions means, as of any date of determination, the satisfaction of each of the following: (a) no Termination Event
has occurred and is continuing, (b) all Collections on Pool Receivables received in any Exception Account are then being swept directly
to a Collection Account no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt and identification thereof pursuant to a zero account
balance arrangement or an automatic daily sweep arrangement established with PNC, (c) each Exception Account is maintained at PNC
and subject to a Lock-Box Agreement in favor of the Administrator, (d) no Exception Account is subject to any account control agreement
or similar agreement granting (or purporting to grant) any Person (other than the Administrator) control (as defined in
Section 9-104 of the UCC) over such Exception Account and (e) no amounts other than Collections on Receivables the Obligor of
which is Hyundai Steel Company or another Obligor approved in writing by the Administrator in its sole discretion are being deposited
in any Exception Account.

Excess Concentration
means the sum, without duplication, of the following amounts:

(i) the amount by which
the Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables of each Obligor then in the Receivables Pool exceeds an amount equal to the Concentration
Percentage for such Obligor multiplied by the Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(ii) the sum of (a) the
amount by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool that have a stated maturity
which is more than 45 days but not more than 60 days from the original invoice date of such Eligible Receivables exceeds 35% (or solely
during a Minimum Liquidity Period, such lesser percentage (not to be reduced below 10%) from time to time designated by the Administrator
or any Purchaser Agent in its sole discretion in a written notice delivered to Seller and each Purchaser Agent) of the aggregate Outstanding
Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool plus (b) the amount by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance
of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool that have a stated maturity which is more than 60 days after the original invoice
date of such Eligible Receivables exceeds 20% (or solely during a Minimum Liquidity Period, such lesser percentage from time to time designated
by the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent in its sole discretion in a written notice delivered to Seller and each Purchaser Agent) of
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

I-16

(iii) the amount by which
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool the Obligor of which is a Tier 1 Eligible Foreign
Obligor exceeds 40% (or, solely during a Level I Liquidity Trigger Period, 35%) of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables
then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(iv) the amount by which
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool the Obligor of which is a Tier 2 Eligible Foreign
Obligor exceeds 7% (or, solely during a Level I Liquidity Trigger Period, 3%) of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables
then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(v) the amount by which
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool the coal with respect to which has been shipped
but not yet billed for more than 30 days but not more than 60 days from shipment exceeds 10% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all
Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(vi) the amount by which
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool the coal with respect to which has been shipped
but not yet billed exceeds 50% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; plus

(vii) the amount by which
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool the Collections with respect thereto were deposited
in an Exception Account exceeds 12.5% (or such lesser percentage from time to time designated by the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent
in its sole discretion in a written notice delivered to Seller and each Purchaser Agent) of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible
Receivables then in the Receivables Pool;

provided,
that, for purposes of determining the Excess Concentration pursuant to clause (i) above, with respect
to any Eligible Receivable that is supported by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or any Eligible Receivable that is an Insured
Designated Receivable, the Obligor thereof shall be deemed to be the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider
or Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, as applicable, provided, further that, for purposes of determining the Excess
Concentration pursuant to clause (iii) or (iv) above, with respect to any Eligible Receivable that is supported
by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or any Eligible Receivable that is an Insured Designated Receivable, the Obligor
thereof shall be deemed to be the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider or Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, as applicable
(and, with respect to any Eligible Receivable that is supported by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or any Eligible Receivable
that is an Insured Designated Receivable, such Obligor shall be deemed to be organized under the laws of the country in which the office
from which it is obligated to make payment with respect to such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit or Eligible Credit Insurance is located)
and provided, further that (x) if any Pool Receivable is partially supported by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit,
then the Obligor thereof shall be deemed to be (i) with respect to the Unsupported Outstanding Balance of such Pool
Receivable, the Obligor of such Pool Receivable and (ii) with respect to the Supported Outstanding Balance of such Pool Receivable,
the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider and (y) if any Pool Receivable is an Insured Designated Receivable, the
Obligor thereof shall be deemed to be (i) with respect to the Insured Amount of such Insured Designated Receivable,
the related Eligible Credit Insurance Provider and (ii) with respect to the remaining Outstanding Balance of such Insured Designated
Receivable, the Obligor of such Insured Receivable.

I-17

Exiting Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

Exiting Purchaser
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

Facility Termination
Date means the earliest to occur of: (a) the date determined pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement,
(b) the date the Purchase Limit reduces to zero pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of this Agreement, (c) with respect
to each Purchaser Group, the earliest to occur of (i) the date that the commitments of the related Liquidity Providers, if any, terminate
under the Liquidity Agreement and (ii) the date that the Commitments of all Related Committed Purchasers in such Purchaser Group
terminate hereunder, (d) the date which is 15 days after the date on which the Administrator has received written notice from the
Seller of its election to terminate the Purchase Facility, and (e) with respect to the LC Bank, any LC Participant or any Related
Committed Purchaser, the LC Banks, such LC Participants or such Related Committed Purchasers Scheduled Commitment
Termination Date.

FAS 166/167
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(c) of the Agreement.

FASB
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(a) of the Agreement.

Federal Funds Rate
means, for any day, the per annum rate set forth in the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication,
published by the Federal Reserve Board (including any such successor, H.15(519)) for such day opposite the caption Federal
Funds (Effective). If on any relevant day such rate is not yet published in H. 15(519), the rate for such day will be the rate
set forth in the daily statistical release designated as the Composite 3:30 p.m. Quotations for U.S. Government Securities, or any
successor publication, published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (including any such successor, the Composite 3:30 p.m. Quotations)
for such day under the caption Federal Funds Effective Rate. If on any relevant day the appropriate rate is not yet published
in either H.15(519) or the Composite 3:30 p.m. Quotations, the rate for such day will be the arithmetic mean as determined by the
Administrator of the rates for the last transaction in overnight Federal funds arranged before 9:00 a.m. (New York time) on that
day by each of three leading brokers of Federal funds transactions in New York City selected by the Administrator.

I-18

Federal Reserve
Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any entity succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Fee Letters
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.5 of the Agreement.

Fees
means the fees payable by the Seller pursuant to the applicable Fee Letter.

Fifth Amendment Effective
Date shall mean December 4, 2020.

Final Payout Date
means the latest of (i) the Facility Termination Date, (ii) the date on which no Capital of or Discount in respect of the Purchased
Interest shall be outstanding, (iii) the LC Participation Amount has been reduced to zero ($0) and no Letters of Credit issued hereunder
remain outstanding and undrawn (unless backstopped in a manner agreed to in writing by the LC Bank and the Majority LC Participants in
their sole and absolute discretion), (iv) the date all other amounts owing to the Purchaser Agents, the Purchasers, the Administrator
and the other Indemnified Parties and Affected Person under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents have been paid
in full (other than indemnification or other contingent obligations not yet due and owing) and (v) all accrued Servicing Fees have
been paid in full.

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to zero (0.00%) per annum.

Fresh Start Reporting
means the preparation of consolidated financial statements of ACI in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Statement of Position (90-7), which reflects the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Plan of Reorganization on a presumed
effective date of October 5, 2016.

Funded Purchase
means a purchase or deemed purchase of undivided percentage ownership interests in the Purchased Interest under the Agreement which (i) is
paid for in cash, including pursuant to Section 1.1(b) (other than through reinvestment of Collections pursuant to Section 1.4(b) of
the Agreement) or (ii) is treated as a Funded Purchase pursuant to Section 1.2(e) of the Agreement and/or any of
the provisions set forth in Sections 1.11 through 1.20 of the Agreement.

Governmental Acts
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.19 of the Agreement.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory
authority) thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, body or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory
or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any court and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union
or the European Central Bank.

Group A Obligor
means any Obligor with a short-term rating of at least: (a) A1 by Standard & Poors, or if such Obligor
does not have a short-term rating from Standard & Poors, a rating of A+ or better by Standard &
Poors on its long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P-1 by Moodys,
or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moodys, Al or better by Moodys on its long-term
senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities.

I-19

Group B Obligor
means an Obligor, not a Group A Obligor, with a short-term rating of at least: (a) A-2 by Standard & Poors,
or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Standard & Poors, a rating of BBB+ to A
by Standard & Poors on its long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P-2
by Moodys, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moodys, Baal to A2 by Moodys
on its long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities.

Group Capital
means, with respect to any Purchaser Group, an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Purchasers within such Purchaser
Group.

Group C Obligor
means an Obligor, not a Group A Obligor or a Group B Obligor, with a short-term rating of at least: (a) A-3 by Standard &
Poors, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Standard & Poors, a rating of BBB-
to BBB by Standard & Poors on its long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and
(b) P-3 by Moodys, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moodys, Baa3
to Baa2 by Moodys on its long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities; provided, that
T S Global Procurement Company Pte. Ltd., and its Subsidiaries need only satisfy the requirements set forth in either of clauses (a) or
(b) above to be a Group C Obligor.

Group Commitment
means, with respect to any Purchaser Group, the aggregate of the Commitments of each Related Committed Purchaser within such Purchaser
Group, which amount is set forth on Schedule IV hereto.

Group D Obligor
means any Obligor that is not a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor.

Guaranty
of any Person means any obligation of such Person guarantying or in effect guarantying any liability or obligation of any other Person
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any such liability arising by virtue of partnership agreements, including any
agreement to indemnify or hold harmless any other Person, any performance bond or other suretyship arrangement and any other form of assurance
against loss, except endorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business.

Hedging Transaction
means any of the following transactions by ACI or any of its Subsidiaries: any rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction,
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign
exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction,
currency option or any other similar transaction or any combination of the foregoing transactions, including, without limitation, any
Interest Rate Hedge or any Commodity Hedge.

Indemnified Amounts
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 of the Agreement.

Indemnified Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 of the Agreement.

Independent Director
has the meaning set forth in paragraph 3(c) of Exhibit IV to the Agreement.

I-20

Information Package
means a report, in substantially the form of Annex A to the Agreement, furnished to the Administrator pursuant to the Agreement.

Insolvency Proceeding
means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit
of creditors of a Person, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors of a Person, or other similar arrangement in respect of its
creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, in each of cases (a) and (b) undertaken under U.S. Federal,
state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code.

Insured Amount
means, with respect to any Insured Designated Receivable, the excess, if any, of (a) the portion of the Outstanding Balance of such
Insured Designated Receivable that is insured (based on the allocation rules set forth in the definition of Insured Designated Receivable),
over (b) the total amount of deductibles and coinsurance with respect to a claim and such other amounts as determined by the Administrator
(in its reasonable discretion) likely to diminish any recovery for a related claim under the related Eligible Credit Insurance (including,
without limitation, fees associated with claims, any discount to present value based on the expected timing of such recovery or other
haircut amounts based on the likelihood of recovery under the related Eligible Credit Insurance).

Insured Obligor
means each Obligor for which all or a portion of its Receivables are insured pursuant to Eligible Credit Insurance.

Insured Receivable
means each Receivable for which the Obligor thereof is an Insured Obligor; provided, that no Receivable shall constitute an Insured
Receivable at any time the Credit Insurance Policy relating thereto shall cease to constitute Eligible Credit Insurance.

Insured Designated
Receivable means each Insured Receivable for which all or a portion of the Outstanding Balance thereof is insured pursuant
to Eligible Credit Insurance; provided, however, that in allocating Eligible Credit Insurance for any Insured Obligor to
the related Insured Receivables, such Eligible Credit Insurance shall be allocated to Receivables based on the date such Receivable was
originated and starting with the oldest outstanding Receivable.

Interest Rate Hedge
means an interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor or similar agreements entered into
by ACI or any of its Affiliates in the ordinary course operations of their business.

Interim Report
means each Daily Report and Weekly Report.

Internal Revenue
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, together
with the regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of the Internal Revenue Code also
refer to any successor sections.

Issuance Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.12(a) of the Agreement.

LC Bank
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

I-21

LC Collateral Account
means the account designated as the LC Collateral Account established and maintained by the Administrator (for the benefit of the LC Bank
and the LC Participants), or such other account as may be so designated as such by the Administrator.

LC Fee Expectation
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.15(c) of the Agreement.

LC Participant
means each Person listed as such (and its respective Commitment) for each Purchaser Group as set forth on the signature pages of
this Agreement or in any Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement.

LC Participation
Amount means, at any time, the then sum of the undrawn amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit.

Letter of Credit
means any stand-by letter of credit issued by the LC Bank for the account of the Seller (or for the account of the Transferor or any Subsidiary
thereof, as applicable) pursuant to the Agreement.

Letter of Credit
Application has the meaning set forth in Section 1.12 of the Agreement.

Level I Liquidity
Trigger Period means each period, if any, commencing on any date that the Liquidity shall be less than $250,000,000 and ending
on (but not including) any succeeding date, if any, that the Liquidity shall be greater than $250,000,000.

Lien
means any ownership interest or claim, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, hypothecation, charge or other encumbrance
or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including, but not limited to, any conditional
sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security and
any filed financing statement or other notice of any of the foregoing (whether or not a lien or other encumbrance is created or exists
at the time of the filing) or any hypothetical lien that would give a trustee superior rights to the Administrator or any of the Secured
Parties.

Liquidity
means the sum of (i) unrestricted cash or Permitted Investments of ACI and its Subsidiaries (other than the Securitization Subsidiaries
and Bonding Subsidiaries) that are not Foreign Subsidiaries, (ii) withdrawable funds from brokerage accounts of ACI and its Subsidiaries
(other than the Securitization Subsidiaries and Bonding Subsidiaries) that are not Foreign Subsidiaries and (iii) any unused commitments
that are available to be drawn by ACI pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and any Working Capital Facility. For purposes of this definition,
the terms Securitization Subsidiaries, Bonding Subsidiaries, Foreign Subsidiaries and Working
Capital Facility have the following meanings:

Bonding
Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of ACI the sole purpose of which is to own a leasehold interest in a coal lease where the lessor
thereof is a Person who is not an Affiliate of ACI (but not to operate any mining operations thereon) and to enter into surety or similar
arrangements to provide payment assurances to the lessor thereof related to the cost of acquiring such leasehold interest and any bonus
bid and royalty payments thereunder, and Bonding Subsidiaries shall mean, collectively, each and every Bonding Subsidiary.

I-22

Foreign
Subsidiaries means, for any Person, each Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party) of such Person that is (a) a controlled
foreign corporation (a CFC) within the meaning of Section 957 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (b) a
Subsidiary of a CFC or (c) a Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which constitute equity interests (or equity interests
and indebtedness) of CFCs or of Subsidiaries described in this clause (c).

Securitization
Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of ACI (all of the outstanding equity interests of which, other than de minimis preferred stock
and directors qualifying shares, if any, are owned, directly or indirectly, by ACI) that is established for the limited purpose
of acquiring and financing accounts receivable (including any bills of exchange) and related assets and property from time to time originated,
acquired or otherwise owned by ACI or any Subsidiary of ACI and interests therein of ACI or any Subsidiary of ACI and engaging in activities
ancillary thereto.

Working
Capital Facility shall mean any revolving credit facility entered into by ACI for general working capital purposes, including
the Original ABL Credit Agreement solely to the extent such Original ABL
Credit Agreement has not been terminated.

Liquidity Agent
means any bank or other financial institution acting as agent for the various Liquidity Providers under each Liquidity Agreement.

Liquidity Agreement
means any agreement entered into in connection with the Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Provider agrees to make purchases or advances
to, or purchase assets from, any Conduit Purchaser in order to provide liquidity for such Conduit Purchasers Purchases.

Liquidity Provider
means each bank or other financial institution that provides liquidity support to any Conduit Purchaser pursuant to the terms of a Liquidity
Agreement.

LLC Agreement
means the limited liability company agreement of Seller.

Loan Documents
has the meaning set forth in the Original Term Loan Credit Agreement.

Lock-Box Account
means each account listed on Schedule II to this Agreement (in each case, in the name of the Seller and maintained at a Lock-Box
Bank pursuant to a Lock-Box Agreement for the purpose of receiving Collections.

Lock-Box Agreement
means each agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator, among the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator
and a Lock-Box Bank, governing the terms of the related Lock-Box Accounts.

Lock-Box Bank
means any of the banks or other financial institutions holding one or more Lock-Box Accounts; provided, however, that such
bank or other financial institution shall be either PNC or an Affiliate thereof so long as PNC is the Administrator.

I-23

Loss Reserve
means, on any date, an amount equal to: (a) the sum of the Aggregate Capital plus the Adjusted LC Participation Amount at the close
of business of the Servicer on such date multiplied by (b) (i) the Loss Reserve Percentage on such date divided by (ii) 100%
minus the Loss Reserve Percentage on such date.

Loss Reserve Percentage
means, on any date, (i) the product of (A) 2.5 times (B) the highest average of the Default Ratios for any three consecutive
calendar months during the twelve most recent calendar months times (C) (x) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators
and the Transferor during the 5 most recent calendar months plus (y) 97.5% times the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators
and the Transferor during the 6th most recent calendar month divided by (ii) the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of such
date.

Majority LC Participants
means, at any time, (i) if fewer than three (3) LC Participants are then a party to this Agreement, all LC Participants and
(ii) otherwise, the LC Participants whose Commitments aggregate more than 66 2/3% of the Commitments of all LC Participants at such
time; provided that so long as Regions Pro Rata Share of the Commitments are not less than its Pro Rata Share of the Commitments
as of the Closing Date, the Majority LC Participants shall include Regions.

Majority Purchaser
Agents means, at any time, (i) if fewer than three (3) Purchaser Agents are then a party to this Agreement, all Purchaser
Agents and (ii) otherwise, the Purchaser Agents for the Purchaser Groups with Related Committed Purchasers whose Commitments aggregate
more than 66 2/3% of the aggregate of the Commitments of all Related Committed Purchasers in all Purchaser Groups; provided that
so long as Regions Ratable Share of the Commitments are not less than its Ratable Share of the Commitments as of the Closing Date,
the Majority Purchaser Agents shall be required to include Regions.

Material Adverse
Effect means relative to any Person with respect to any event or circumstance, a material adverse effect on:

(a) the
assets, operations, business or financial condition of such Person;

(b) the
ability of any such Person to perform its obligations under the Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party;

(c) the
validity or enforceability of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the validity, enforceability, value or collectibility
of any of the Pool Receivables;

(d) the
status, perfection, enforceability or priority of any Secured Partys or the Sellers interest in the Pool Assets; or

(e) the
rights and remedies of any Secured Party under the Transaction Documents.

Minimum Dilution
Reserve means, on any day, an amount equal to: (a) the sum of the Aggregate Capital plus the Adjusted LC Participation
Amount at the close of business of the Servicer on such day, multiplied by (b)(i)the Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage divided by (ii) 100%
minus the Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage on such day.

I-24

Minimum Dilution
Reserve Percentage means, on any day, the product of (a) the average of the Dilution Ratios for the twelve most recent
calendar months multiplied by (b) the Dilution Horizon.

Minimum Liquidity
means $275,000,000.

Minimum Liquidity
Period means each period, if any, commencing on the date that the Liquidity is less than the Minimum Liquidity and ending on
(but not including) the date, if any, that the Liquidity is no longer less than the Minimum Liquidity.

Monthly Settlement
Date means the 21st day of each calendar month (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next occurring Business
Day); provided, however, that on and after the occurrence and continuation of any Termination Event, the Monthly Settlement Date shall
be the date selected as such by the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents) from time to
time (it being understood that the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents) may select
such Monthly Settlement Date to occur as frequently as daily) or, in the absence of any such selection, the date which would be the Monthly
Settlement Date pursuant to this definition).

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage
means a mortgage or deed of trust in favor of any Person on any real property of any Originator for which all, or any portion thereof,
is a location of such Originators mining operations or a minehead.

Net Receivables
Pool Balance means, at any time: (a) the Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool, minus
(b) the Excess Concentration.

No Proceedings Agreement
means each of (a) that certain no proceedings letter agreement, dated as of February 8, 2024, among the Administrator, the Term
Loan Agent, Seller and ACI, (b) that certain no proceedings letter agreement, dated as of April 27, 2017, among the Administrator,
the ABL Agent, Seller and ACI and (c) any additional replacement or successor agreement consented to in writing by the Administrator
in its reasonable discretion and entered into by the agent under any Credit Agreement and ACI.

Notes
means short-term promissory notes issued, or to be issued, by any Conduit Purchaser to fund its investments in accounts receivable or
other financial assets.

Obligor
means, with respect to any Receivable, the Person obligated to make payments pursuant to the Contract relating to such Receivable.

Obligor Percentage
means, at any time of determination, for each Obligor, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor less the amount (if any) then included in the calculation of the Excess
Concentration with respect to such Obligor and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible
Receivables at such time.

I-25

Order
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.20 of the Agreement.

Originator
and Originators have the meaning set forth in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, as the same may be modified from time
to time by adding new Originators or removing Originators, in each case with the prior written consent of the Administrator.

Originator Performance
Guaranty means the Amended and Restated Originator Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, by each Originator in
favor of the Administrator for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.

Outstanding Balance
of any Receivable at any time means the then outstanding principal balance thereof.

Participant
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(b) of the Agreement.

Participant Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(b) of the Agreement.

Paydown Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(f)(i) of the Agreement.

Performance Guarantor
means ACI and its permitted successors and assigns.

Performance Guaranty
means the Third Amended and Restated Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, by the Performance Guarantor in favor of the
Administrator for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time.

Permitted Lien
means any Lien (a) as to which no enforcement collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or
threatened and that solely secure the payment of taxes, assessments and/or governmental charges or levies, if and to the extent the same
are either (x) not yet due and payable or (y) being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided
in accordance with GAAP, but, in any case, only to the extent that such Lien securing payment of such taxes or assessments or other governmental
charges constitutes an inchoate tax lien, and (b) inchoate and unperfected workers, mechanics, suppliers or
similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, in any case, as to which no enforcement collection, execution, levy or foreclosure
proceeding shall have been commenced or threatened; provided, however, that no Lien(s) that could (individually or in the aggregate)
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect shall constitute a Permitted Lien.

Permitted Investments
means:

i. securities with maturities of 18 months or less from the date of acquisition issued
or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency thereof;

I-26

ii. certificates of deposit and time deposits with maturities of 18 months or less from
the date of acquisition and overnight bank deposits of any commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000;

iii. repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause
(ii) of this definition with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government;

iv. commercial paper of a domestic issuer rated at least A-2 by Standard & Poors
or P-2 by Moodys, or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency if both of Standard & Poors
and Moodys cease publishing ratings of investments;

v. securities with maturities of 18 months or less from the date of acquisition issued
or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of
any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political
subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by Standard & Poors or A
by Moodys;

vi. securities with maturities of 18 months or less from the date of acquisition backed
by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (ii) of this definition;

vii. corporate obligations such as notes, bonds, loan participation certificates, master
notes, and variable rate demand notes rated at least A by Standard & Poors or A2 by Moodys;

viii. asset backed and mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations
rated AAA by Standard & Poors or Aaa by Moodys;

ix. money market auction rate preferred securities and auction rate notes with auctions
scheduled no less frequently than every 49 days; and

x. shares of money market mutual or similar funds which invest principally in assets
satisfying the requirements of clauses (i) through (ix) of this definition.

Permitted Merger
means (i) any merger of any existing Originator into any other existing Originator or (ii) any merger of any existing Originator
into ACI.

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint
venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.

Plan of Reorganization
shall mean the chapter 11 plan of reorganization of the Chapter 11 Debtors confirmed by the Confirmation Order.

I-27

PNC has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Pool Assets
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2(d) of the Agreement.

Pool Receivable
means a Receivable in the Receivables Pool.

Portion of Capital
means, with respect to any Purchaser and its related Capital, the portion of such Capital being funded or maintained by such Purchaser
by reference to a particular interest rate basis.

Prior Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Prior Agreement
Outstanding Amounts has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Program Support
Agreement means and includes any Liquidity Agreement and any other agreement entered into by any Program Support Provider providing
for: (a) the issuance of one or more letters of credit for the account of any Conduit Purchaser, (b) the issuance of one or
more surety bonds for which any Conduit Purchaser is obligated to reimburse the applicable Program Support Provider for any drawings thereunder,
(c) the sale by any Conduit Purchaser to any Program Support Provider of the Purchased Interest (or portions thereof) maintained
by such Conduit Purchaser and/or (d) the making of loans and/or other extensions of credit to any Conduit Purchaser in connection
with such Conduit Purchasers receivables-securitization program contemplated in the Agreement, together with any letter of credit,
surety bond or other instrument issued thereunder.

Program Support
Provider means and includes, with respect to any Conduit Purchaser, any Liquidity Provider and any other Person (other than
any customer of such Conduit Purchaser) now or hereafter extending credit or having a commitment to extend credit to or for the account
of, or to make purchases from, such Conduit Purchaser pursuant to any Program Support Agreement.

Pro Rata Share
means, as to any LC Participant, a fraction, the numerator of which equals the Commitment of such LC Participant at such time and the
denominator of which equals the aggregate of the Commitments of all LC Participants at such time.

Purchase
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1(a) of this Agreement.

Purchase and Sale
Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Originators
and the Transferor, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Purchase and Sale
Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Purchase and Sale
Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

I-28

Purchase and Sale
Termination Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Purchase and Sale
Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Purchase Date
means the date on which a Funded Purchase or a reinvestment is made pursuant to this Agreement.

Purchase Facility
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Purchase Limit
means $150,000,000, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 1.1 (b) of the Agreement or otherwise in connection
with any Exiting Purchaser, or increased pursuant to Section 1.1(f) of this Agreement. References to the unused portion
of the Purchase Limit shall mean, at any time, the Purchase Limit minus the sum of the then Aggregate Capital plus the LC Participation
Amount.

Purchase Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2(a) of the Agreement.

Purchase Price
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Purchase Report
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Purchased Interest
means, at any time, the undivided percentage ownership interest in: (a) each and every Pool Receivable now existing or hereafter
arising, (b) all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivables and (c) all Collections with respect to, and other proceeds
of, such Pool Receivables and Related Security (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Seller's Permitted Payments). Such undivided
percentage interest shall be computed as:

Aggregate Capital + Adjusted LC

Participation
Amount + Total Reserves

Net Receivables Pool Balance

The Purchased Interest shall be determined from
time to time pursuant to Section 1.3 of the Agreement.

Purchaser
means each Conduit Purchaser, Related Committed Purchaser, LC Participant and the LC Bank.

Purchaser Agent
means each Person acting as agent on behalf of a Purchaser Group and designated as a Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser Group on the signature
pages to this Agreement or any other Person who becomes a party to the Agreement as a Purchaser Agent pursuant to an Assumption Agreement
or a Transfer Supplement.

I-29

Purchaser Group
means, (i) for any Conduit Purchaser, such Conduit Purchaser, together with such Conduit Purchasers Related Committed Purchasers,
related Purchaser Agent and related LC Participants, (ii) for Regions, Regions as a Purchaser Agent, a Related Committed Purchaser
and an LC Participant and (iii) for PNC, PNC as a Purchaser Agent, a Related Committed Purchaser, the LC Bank and an LC Participant.

Purchasers
Share of any amount, at any time, means such amount multiplied by the Purchased Interest at such time.

Purchasing Related
Committed Purchaser has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(c) of the Agreement.

Ratable Share
means, for each Purchaser Group, such Purchaser Groups Group Commitment divided by the aggregate Group Commitments of all Purchaser
Groups.

Rating Agency
mean each of Standard & Poors and Moodys (and/or each other rating agency then rating the Notes of any Conduit
Purchaser).

Receivable
means any indebtedness and other obligations owed to any Originator, the Transferor or the Seller by, or any right of the Seller, the
Transferor or any Originator to payment from or on behalf of, an Obligor, whether constituting an account, as-extracted collateral, chattel
paper, a payment intangible, an instrument or a general intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods or the
rendering of services, and includes, without limitation, the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect
thereto. Indebtedness and other obligations arising from any one transaction, including, without limitation, indebtedness and other obligations
represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness
and other obligations arising from any other transaction.

Receivables Pool
means, at any time, all of the then outstanding Receivables purchased by the Seller pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement prior
to the Facility Termination Date.

Regions
means Regions Bank.

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.17 of the Agreement.

Reimbursement Obligation
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.14 of the Agreement.

Related Committed
Purchaser means each Person listed as such for each Conduit Purchaser as set forth on the signature pages of the Agreement
or in any Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement.

Related Rights
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

I-30

Related Security
means, with respect to any Receivable:

(a) all
of the Sellers, the Transferors and each Originators interest in any goods (including returned goods), and documentation
of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable;

(b) all
instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Receivable;

(c) all
other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Receivable (including
any Eligible Credit Insurance or Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit and any other supporting letter of credit or any proceeds of any
drawings thereunder), whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all UCC financing statements
or similar filings relating thereto;

(d) all
of the Sellers, the Transferors and each Originators rights, interests and claims under the Contracts and all guaranties,
indemnities, insurance and other agreements (including the related Contract) or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting
or securing payment of such Receivable or otherwise relating to such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable
or otherwise including, without limitation, any Credit Insurance Policy covering all or any portion of such Receivable; and

(e) all
of the Sellers rights, interests and claims under the Sale Agreements and the other Transaction Documents.

Reportable Compliance
Event means that any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar
charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism
Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual
or probable violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law.

Restricted Payments
has the meaning set forth in Section 1(n) of Exhibit IV of the Agreement.

Rio Tinto
means Rio Tinto Energy America Inc.

Rio Tinto Receivable
means a Receivable (a) arising under the SRP Contract (as such term is defined in the Coal Sales Agreement, dated October 1,
2009, by and among ACI and Kennecott Coal Sales Company (the SRP Agreement) and acquired by ACI pursuant to the terms
and conditions of such SRP Agreement or (b) arising under a Coal Sales Agreement (as such term is defined in the Arch
Coal Supply Agreement, dated October 1, 2009, between ACI and Rio Tinto (the Rio Tinto Agreement) and acquired
by ACI pursuant to the terms and conditions of such Rio Tinto Agreement.

I-31

Rio Tinto Trigger
Event means, with respect to all Rio Tinto Receivables, the first to occur of (a) Rio Tinto shall fail to maintain a long
term debt rating of at least BBB- by Standard & Poors and Baa3 by Moodys and
(b) the aggregate amount of any asserted dispute, offset, hold back, defense, or Adverse Claim outstanding against all Rio Tinto
Receivables shall be greater than $50,000.

Sale Agreements
means, collectively the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

Sale and Contribution
Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the
Transferor and the Seller, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Sale and Contribution
Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

Sale and Contribution
Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

Sale and Contribution
Termination Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

Sale and Contribution
Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

Sales Agency Agreements
means each of (i) the Customer Relations and Marketing Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2006, between Arch Sales and
the Originators from time to time party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (ii) the
Customer Relations and Marketing Services Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2011, between Arch Sales and the Originators from time
to time party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Sanctioned Country
means a country subject to a sanctions program maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law.

Sanctioned Person
means any individual person, group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned
or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking
of property or rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law.

Scheduled Commitment
Termination Date means with respect to the LC Bank, any LC Participant or any Related Committed Purchaser, August 1, 2025,
as such date may be extended from time to time in the sole and absolute discretion of the LC Bank, such LC Participant or such Related
Committed Purchaser, as the case may be.

SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission or any governmental agencies substituted therefor.

I-32

Secured Parties
means the Administrator, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Indemnified Party and each Affected Person.

Seller
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Sellers Permitted
Payments means amounts paid to the Seller for its own account by (or on behalf of) the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents
and the Purchasers as proceeds of Purchases or pursuant to Section 1.4, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, solely to the extent such amounts have been used by the Seller to (i) pay the Purchase
Price due by the Seller to the Transferor under the Sale and Contribution Agreement, (ii) make payments of principal or interest
due to the Transferor under the Company Note or (iii) make other Restricted Payments, in each case, solely to the extent such payments
were permitted (and not prohibited) when made by the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Sellers Share
of any amount means the greater of: (a) $0 and (b) such amount minus the Purchasers Share.

Servicer
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement.

Servicing Fee
means the fee referred to in Section 4.6 of the Agreement.

Servicing Fee Rate
means the rate referred to in Section 4.6 of the Agreement.

Settlement Date
means with respect to any Portion of Capital for any Settlement Period, (i) prior to the Facility Termination Date, the Monthly Settlement
Date and (ii) on and after the Facility Termination Date, each day selected from time to time by the Administrator (with the consent
or at the direction of the Majority Purchaser Agents) (it being understood that the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction
of the Majority Purchaser Agents) may select such Settlement Date to occur as frequently as daily), or, in the absence of such selection,
the Monthly Settlement Date.

Settlement Period
means: (a) before the Facility Termination Date: (i) initially the period commencing on the date of the initial purchase pursuant
to Section 1.2 of the Agreement (or in the case of any fees payable hereunder, commencing on the Closing Date) and ending
on (but not including) the next Monthly Settlement Date, and (ii) thereafter, each period commencing on such Monthly Settlement Date
and ending on (but not including) the next Monthly Settlement Date, and (b) on and after the Facility Termination Date, such period
(including a period of one day) as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of the
Majority Purchaser Agents) or, in the absence of any such selection, each period of 30 days from the last day of the preceding Settlement
Period.

SOFR
means, for any day, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a
successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Adjustment
means ten basis points (0.10%).

I-33

SOFR Determination
Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR Floor
means a rate of interest per annum equal to zero basis points (0.00%).

SOFR Rate Day
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR Reserve Percentage
means, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and
emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding.

Solvent
means, with respect to any Person at any time, a condition under which:

(i) the
fair value and present fair saleable value of such Persons total assets is, on the date of determination, greater than such Persons
total liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) at such time;

(ii) the
fair value and present fair saleable value of such Persons assets is greater than the amount that will be required to pay such
Persons probable liability on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured (debts, for this purpose, includes
all legal liabilities, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute, fixed, or contingent);

(iii) such
Person is and shall continue to be able to pay all of its liabilities as such liabilities mature; and

(iv) such
Person does not have unreasonably small capital with which to engage in its current and in its anticipated business.

For purposes of this definition:

(A) the
amount of a Persons contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time shall be that amount which, in light of all the facts and
circumstances then existing, represents the amount which can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability;

(B) the
fair value of an asset shall be the amount which may be realized within a reasonable time either through collection or sale
of such asset at its regular market value;

(C) the
regular market value of an asset shall be the amount which a capable and diligent business person could obtain for such
asset from an interested buyer who is willing to purchase such asset under ordinary selling conditions; and

(D) the
present fair saleable value of an asset means the amount which can be obtained if such asset is sold with reasonable promptness
in an arms-length transaction in an existing and not theoretical market.

I-34

Special Concentration
Limit has the meaning set forth in the definition of Concentration Percentage.

Special Obligor
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Concentration Percentage.

Spike Factor
means, for any calendar month, (a) the positive difference, if any, between: (i) the highest Dilution Ratio for any one calendar
month during the twelve most recent calendar months and (ii) the arithmetic average of the Dilution Ratios for such twelve months
times (b) (i) the highest Dilution Ratio for any one calendar month during the twelve most recent calendar months divided
by (ii) the arithmetic average of the Dilution Ratios for such twelve months.

Standard &
Poors means S&P Global Ratings and any successor thereto.

Subject
Merger shall mean the transaction involving Core Natural Resources and ACI as set forth in the Subject Merger Agreement.

Subject
Merger Agreement shall mean that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 20, 2024, by and among CONSOL Energy
Inc., Mountain Range Merger Sub Inc. and ACI, as in effect on August 20, 2024.

Sub-Servicer
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d) of this Agreement.

Subsidiary
means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock of each class
or other interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or other interests having such power only by reason of the happening
of a contingency) to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or other managers of such entity are at the time owned, or management
of which is otherwise controlled: (a) by such Person, (b) by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (c) by such Person
and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Supported Outstanding
Balance means, for any Receivable at any time that is supported in whole or in part by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit,
the lesser of (a) the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable and (b) the face amount of such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit.

Tangible Net Worth
means, with respect to any Person, the tangible net worth of such Person as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied.

Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.10 of the Agreement.

Term Loan Agent
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Credit Agreement.

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrator
in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Determination
Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR Rate.

I-35

Term SOFR Rate
shall mean, with respect to any amount for which the Term SOFR Reference Rate applies, for any day in any Settlement Period, the interest
rate per annum determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at such Purchaser Agents
discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a term of the Yield Period on the day (the Term
SOFR Determination Date) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Settlement Period, as such rate
is published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence,
shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such
Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more
than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would
be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor.

Term SOFR Reference
Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Termination Day
means: (a) each day on which the conditions set forth in Section 2(b) of Exhibit II to the Agreement
are not satisfied or (b) each day that occurs on or after the Facility Termination Date.

Termination Event
has the meaning specified in Exhibit V to the Agreement.

Termination Fee
means, for any Settlement Period during which a Termination Day occurs, the amount, if any, by which: (a) the additional Discount
(calculated without taking into account any Termination Fee or any shortened duration of such Settlement Period pursuant to the definition
thereof) that would have accrued during such Settlement Period on the reductions of Capital relating to such Settlement Period had such
reductions not been made, exceeds (b) the income, if any, received by the applicable Purchaser from investing the proceeds of such
reductions of Capital, as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent, which determination shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes,
absent manifest error.

Tier 1 Eligible
Foreign Obligor means an Obligor which is a resident of any country (other than the United States of America) that has a short-term
foreign currency rating (or, if such country does not have such a short-term foreign currency rating, a long-term foreign currency rating)
of at least A2 (or A) by Standard & Poors and P-1 (or A2) by Moodys.

Tier 2 Eligible
Foreign Obligor means any Eligible Foreign Obligor that is not a Tier 1 Eligible Foreign Obligor.

Total Reserves
means, at any time, the sum of: (a) the Yield Reserve, plus (b) the greater of (i) the Concentration Reserve plus the Minimum
Dilution Reserve and (ii) the Loss Reserve plus the Dilution Reserve.

I-36

Transaction Documents
means the Agreement, the Lock-Box Agreements, each Fee Letter, the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Sale and Contribution Agreement, each
Company Note, the Performance Guaranty, the Originator Performance Guaranty, each Sales Agency Agreement, any No Proceedings Agreement
and all Information Packages, Interim Reports, other certificates, instruments, UCC financing statements, reports, notices, agreements
and documents executed or delivered under or in connection with the Agreement, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Agreement.

Transfer Supplement
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(c) of this Agreement.

Transferor
has the meaning set forth in the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

TVA means
Tennessee Valley Authority, an Obligor of the Originators and the Transferor.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (A) a Saturday, (B) a Sunday or (C) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the applicable jurisdiction.

Unmatured Purchase
and Sale Termination Event means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Purchase
and Sale Termination Event.

Unmatured Sale and
Contribution Termination Event means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Sale
and Contribution Termination Event.

Unmatured Termination
Event means an event that, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a Termination Event.

Unsupported Outstanding
Balance means, for any Receivable at any time that is supported in part by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, (a) the
then Outstanding Balance of such Receivable, less (b) the Supported Outstanding Balance for such Receivable.

USA Patriot Act
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public
Law 107-56, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced.

Weekly Report
has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a)(ii) of Exhibit IV to the Agreement.

Yield Period
means one month.

I-37

Yield Reserve
means, on any date, an amount equal to: (a) the sum of the Aggregate Capital plus the Adjusted LC Participation Amount at the close
of business of the Servicer on such date multiplied by (b) (i) the Yield Reserve Percentage on such date divided by (ii) 100%
minus the Yield Reserve Percentage on such date.

Yield Reserve Percentage
means at any time:

(BR+SFR) x
l.5 x DSO

360

where:

BR = the Base Rate computed for the most recent Settlement Period,

DSO = Days Sales Outstanding, and

SFR = the Servicing Fee Rate

Other
Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. As the context requires, all terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York, and not specifically defined
herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. Unless the context otherwise requires, or means and/or,
and including (and with correlative meaning include and includes) means including without limiting
the generality of any description preceding such term.

I-38

EXHIBIT II

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

1. Conditions
Precedent to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of the Agreement is subject to the condition precedent that (I) the Confirmation
Order shall have been entered and shall not be subject to a stay or have been reversed, modified or amended (other than as otherwise consented
to in writing by the Administrator and each Purchaser), (II) the Plan of Reorganization shall have become effective and (III) the
Administrator and each Purchaser Agent shall have received, on or before the Closing Date, each of the following, each in form and substance
(including the date thereof) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent:

(a) Counterparts
of (i) the Agreement, (ii) each Sale Agreement, (iii) the Performance Guaranty, (iv) each Fee Letter and (v) the
Originator Performance Guaranty, in each case, duly executed by the parties thereto.

(b) Certified
copies of: (i) the resolutions of the board of directors of each of the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor, and ACI authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance by the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor and ACI, as the case may be, of the Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party; (ii) all documents evidencing other necessary corporate or organizational
action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (iii) the certificate
of incorporation and by-laws or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor and
ACI.

(c) A
certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Seller, each of the Originators, the Transferor and ACI certifying the names
and true signatures of its officers who are authorized to sign this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party.
Until the Administrator receives a subsequent incumbency certificate from the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor or ACI, as the case
may be, the Administrator shall be entitled to rely on the last such certificate delivered to it by the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor
or ACI, as the case may be.

(d) Completed
UCC search reports, dated the Closing Date or no earlier than 30 days prior thereto, listing the financing statements filed in all applicable
jurisdictions that name any Originator, Transferor or the Seller as debtor, together with copies of such other financing statements, and
similar search reports with respect to judgment liens, federal tax liens and liens of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in such
jurisdictions, as the Administrator may reasonably request, showing no Adverse Claims on any Pool Assets other than any security interests
that are released as of the Closing Date pursuant to the Confirmation Order or the Plan of Reorganization.

(e) Favorable
opinions, addressed to the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrator, of external counsel for the Seller, the Originators, the Servicer and ACI, covering such matters as the Administrator may
reasonably request, including, without limitation, (i) certain Delaware corporate and no conflict matters, (ii) certain organizational
and New York enforceability matters (iii) certain bankruptcy matters, and (iv) certain UCC creation and Delaware perfection
matters.

II-1

(f) Evidence
of payment by the Seller of all accrued and unpaid fees (including those contemplated by the Fee Letters), costs and expenses to the extent
then due and payable on the date thereof, including any such costs, fees and expenses arising under or referenced in Section 5.4
of the Agreement (including all Attorney Costs that have been invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date and
payment of reasonable costs and expenses to counsel for Regions in an amount not to exceed $15,000) and the Fee Letters.

(g) Each
Fee Letter duly executed by the Seller and ACI.

(h) Good
standing certificates with respect to each of the Seller, the Originators, the Transferor and ACI issued by the Secretary of State (or
similar official) of the state of each such Persons organization or formation and principal place of business.

(i) All
information with respect to the Receivables as the Administrator or the Purchasers may reasonably request.

(j) A
copy of the Confirmation Order.

2. Conditions
Precedent to All Funded Purchases, Issuances of Letters of Credit and Reinvestments. Each Funded Purchase (including the initial
Funded Purchase) and the issuance of any Letters of Credit and each reinvestment shall be subject to the further conditions precedent
that:

(a) in
the case of each Funded Purchase and the issuance of any Letters of Credit, the Servicer shall have delivered to the Administrator and
each Purchaser Agent on or before such purchase or issuance, as the case may be, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, a completed pro forma Information Package to reflect the level of the Aggregate Capital, the LC
Participation Amount and related reserves and the calculation of the Purchased Interest after such subsequent purchase or issuance, as
the case may be, and a completed Purchase Notice or Issuance Notice, as applicable, in the form of Annex B-1 or B-2, as
applicable; and

(b) on
the date of such Funded Purchase, issuance or reinvestment, as the case may be, the following statements shall be true (and acceptance
of the proceeds of such Funded Purchase, issuance or reinvestment shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Seller that such
statements are then true):

(i) the
representations and warranties contained in Exhibit III to the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on
and as of the date of such Funded Purchase, issuance or reinvestment as though made on and as of such date except for representations
and warranties which apply as to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of such earlier date);

(ii) no
event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Funded Purchase, issuance or reinvestment, that constitutes a Termination
Event or an Unmatured Termination Event;

II-2

(iii) the
sum of the Aggregate Capital plus the LC Participation Amount, after giving effect to any such Funded Purchase, issuance or reinvestment,
as the case may be, shall not exceed the Purchase Limit, and the Purchased Interest shall not exceed 100%; and

(iv) the
Facility Termination Date has not occurred.

II-3

EXHIBIT III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

1. Representations
and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller represents and warrants to the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser as
of the Closing Date that:

(a) Existence
and Power. The Seller is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware,
and has all organizational power and all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business
in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except if failure to have such licenses, authorizations, consents or approvals
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Company
and Governmental Authorization, Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement and each other
Transaction Document to which it is a party (i) are within the Sellers organizational powers, have been duly authorized by
all necessary organizational action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with (other than the filing of UCC financing statements
and continuation statements), any governmental body, agency or official, (ii) except as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of Applicable Law or of the operating agreement
of the Seller or of any agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon the Seller and (iii) do not
result in the creation or imposition of any lien (other than liens in favor of the Administrator) on assets of the Seller.

(c) Binding
Effect of Agreement. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(d) Accuracy
of Information. All information heretofore furnished in writing by the Seller to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is, and all such information hereafter furnished by
the Seller to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser in writing pursuant to this Agreement or any Transaction Document
will be, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects on the date such information is stated or certified; provided
that with respect to projected financial information and information of a general economic or industry specific nature, the Seller represents
only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time made.

(e) Actions,
Suits. Except as set forth in Schedule III, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of the
Sellers knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Seller or its properties, in or before any court, arbitrator or other body,
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect upon the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party.

III-1

(f) Accuracy
of Exhibits; Lock-Box Arrangements. The names and addresses of all the Lock-Box Banks together with the account numbers of
the Lock-Box Accounts at such Lock-Box Banks, are specified in Schedule II to this Agreement (or at such other Lock-Box Banks and/or
with such other Lock-Box Accounts as have been notified to the Administrator), and all Lock-Box Accounts are subject to Lock-Box Agreements.
All information on each Exhibit, Schedule or Annex to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (as updated by the Seller from
time to time) is true and complete in all material respects. The Seller has delivered a copy of all Lock-Box Agreements to the Administrator.
The Seller has not granted any interest in any Lock-Box Account (or any related lock-box or post office box) to any Person other than
the Administrator and, upon delivery to a Lock-Box Bank of the related Lock-Box Agreement, the Administrator will have exclusive ownership
and control of the Lock-Box Account at such Lock-Box Bank.

(g) No
Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of formation of Seller as set forth in its certificate of formation, there has been
no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Seller.

(h) Names
and Location. The Seller has not used any company names, trade names or assumed names other than its name set forth on the signature
pages of this Agreement. The Seller is located (as such term is defined in the applicable UCC) in Delaware. The office
where the Seller keeps its records concerning the Receivables is at the address set forth below its signature to this Agreement.

(i) Margin
Stock. The Seller is not engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose
of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System), and no proceeds of any purchase or reinvestment hereunder will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend
credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock.

(j) Eligible
Receivables. Each Pool Receivable included as an Eligible Receivable in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance is an
Eligible Receivable.

(k) Credit
and Collection Policy. The Seller has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy of each Originator and
the Transferor with regard to each Receivable originated by such Originator or the Transferor, as applicable.

(l) Investment
Company Act. The Seller is neither (i) required to register as an investment company, or a company controlled
by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended nor (ii) is a covered
fund under Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations
thereunder.

(m) Mortgages
Covering As-Extracted Collateral. There are no mortgages that are effective as financing statements covering as-extracted collateral
that constitutes Pool Assets and that name any Originator (or, if such Originator is not the record owner of the underlying
property, any record owner with respect to such as-extracted collateral, as such term is used in the UCC) as grantor, debtor
or words of similar effect filed or recorded in any jurisdiction.

III-2

(n) Anti-Money
Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance. No Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its own right
or through any third party, (a) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned
Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (b) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or
transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; or (c) engages in any dealings
or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Servicer. The Servicer represents and warrants to the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser
as of the Closing Date that:

(a) Existence
and Power. The Servicer is a corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
and has all company power and all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business in each
jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except if failure to have such licenses, authorizations, consents or approvals would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Company
and Governmental Authorization, Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Servicer of this Agreement and each
other Transaction Document to which it is a party (i) are within the Servicers organizational powers, have been duly authorized
by all necessary organizational action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official,
(ii) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, do not contravene, or constitute a default under,
any provision of Applicable Law or of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Servicer or of any judgment, injunction, order
or decree or agreement or other instrument binding upon the Servicer and (iii) do not result in the creation or imposition of any
lien on assets of the Servicer (other than in favor of the Administrator under the Transaction Documents) or any of its Subsidiaries.

(c) Binding
Effect of Agreement. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Servicer enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(d) Accuracy
of Information. All information heretofore furnished in writing by the Servicer to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is, and all such information hereafter furnished by
the Servicer to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser in writing pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document will be, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects on the date such information is stated or certified; provided
that with respect to projected financial information and information of a general economic or industry specific nature, the Servicer represents
only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time made.

III-3

(e) Actions,
Suits. Except as set forth in Schedule III, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of the
Servicers knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Servicer or ACI or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties,
in or before any court, arbitrator or other body, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect upon the ability
of the Servicer (or such Affiliate) to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a
party.

(f) No
Material Adverse Effect. Since the Closing Date, there has been no Material Adverse Effect on the Servicer.

(g) Credit
and Collection Policy. The Servicer has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy of each Originator
and the Transferor with regard to each Receivable originated by such Originator or the Transferor, as applicable.

(h) Investment
Company Act. The Servicer is not an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment
company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(i) Lock-Box
Accounts. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Servicer has transferred and assigned all of its right, title and interest in and to,
and remedies, powers and privileges under, the Lock-Box Accounts to the Seller.

(j) Anti-Money
Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance. No Covered Entity is a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its own right
or through any third party, (a) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned
Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (b) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or
transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; or (c) engages in any dealings
or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law.

(k) Effectiveness
of Orders. The Confirmation Order is in full force and effect and has not been vacated or reversed, is not subject to a stay, and
has not been modified or amended (other than any amendment or modification approved in writing by the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser
Agents in their sole discretion).

3. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements Relating to the Security Interest. The Seller hereby makes the following representations, warranties and
agreements with respect to the Receivables and Related Security:

(a) The
Receivables.

(i) Creation.
This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables included in the
Receivables Pool in favor of the Administrator (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), which security interest is prior to all other
Adverse Claims, and is enforceable as such as against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller.

III-4

(ii) Nature
of Receivables. The Receivables included in the Receivables Pool constitute either accounts (including, without limitation,
accounts constituting as-extracted collateral), general intangibles or tangible chattel
paper within the meaning of the applicable UCC.

(iii) Ownership
of Receivables. The Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Receivables included in the Receivables Pool and Related
Security free and clear of any Adverse Claim.

(iv) Perfection
and Related Security. The Seller has caused (and shall have caused each Originator and the Transferor to cause) the filing of all
appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect
the sale of the Receivables and Related Security from such Originator to the Transferor pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and
in order to perfect the sale from the Transferor to the Seller pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement, and the sale and security
interest therein from the Seller to the Administrator under this Agreement, to the extent that such collateral constitutes accounts
(including, without limitation, accounts constituting as-extracted collateral), general intangibles,
or tangible chattel paper.

(v) Tangible
Chattel Paper. With respect to any Receivables included in the Receivables Pool that constitute tangible chattel paper,
if any, the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) has in its possession the original copies of such tangible chattel paper that constitute
or evidence such Receivables. The Receivables to the extent they are evidenced by tangible chattel paper do not have any
marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Seller or the Administrator.

(b) The
Lock-Box Accounts.

(i) Nature
of Accounts. Each Lock-Box Account constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the applicable UCC.

(ii) Ownership.
The Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Lock-Box Accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim.

(iii) Perfection.
The Seller has delivered to the Administrator a fully executed Lock-Box Agreement relating to each Lock-Box Account, pursuant to which
each applicable Lock-Box Bank, respectively, has agreed, following the occurrence and continuation of a Termination Event or Unmatured
Termination Event or during a Minimum Liquidity Period, to comply with all instructions originated by the Administrator (on behalf of
the Secured Parties) directing the disposition of funds in such Lock-Box Account without further consent by the Seller or the Servicer.

III-5

(c) Priority.

(i) Other
than the transfer of the Receivables to the Transferor, the Seller and the Administrator under the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Sale
and Contribution Agreement and this Agreement, respectively, and/or the security interest granted to the Transferor, the Seller and the
Administrator pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Sale and Contribution Agreement and this Agreement, respectively, neither
the Transferor, the Seller nor any Originator has pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of
the Receivables transferred or purported to be transferred under the Transaction Documents, the Lock-Box Accounts or any subaccount thereof,
except for any such pledge, grant or other conveyance which has been or will be released or terminated. Neither the Seller, the Transferor
nor any Originator has authorized the filing of, or is aware of any financing statements against any of the Seller, the Transferor or
such Originator that include a description of Receivables transferred or purported to be transferred under the Transaction Documents,
the Lock-Box Accounts or any subaccount thereof, other than any financing statement (i) relating to the sale thereof by such Originator
to the Transferor under the Purchase and Sale Agreement or relating to the sale thereof by the Transferor to the Seller under the Sale
and Contribution Agreement or (ii) relating to the security interest granted to the Administrator under this Agreement.

(ii) The
Seller is not aware of any judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against either the Seller, the Servicer, the Transferor, any Originator,
ACI, or any of their ERISA Affiliates other than such judgment, ERISA or tax lien filing that (x)(A) has not been outstanding for
greater than 30 days from the earlier of such Persons knowledge or notice thereof, (B) is less than $250,000 and (C) does
not otherwise give rise to a Termination Event under clause (l) of Exhibit V hereto or (y) as to which no
enforcement collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or threatened and that solely secures the
payment of taxes, if and to the extent the taxes are either (A) not yet due and payable or (B) being contested in good faith
and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, but, in any case, only
to the extent such lien securing payment of such taxes constitutes an inchoate tax lien.

(iii) The
Lock-Box Accounts are not in the name of any person other than the Seller or the Administrator. Neither the Seller nor the Servicer has
consented to any bank maintaining such account to comply with instructions of any person other than the Administrator.

(d) Survival
of Supplemental Representations. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the representations
contained in this Section shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date.

(e) No
Waiver. To the extent required pursuant to the securitization program of any Conduit Purchaser, the parties to this Agreement: (i) shall
not, without obtaining a confirmation of the then-current rating of the Notes, waive any of the representations set forth in this Section;
(ii) shall provide the Ratings Agencies with prompt written notice of any breach of any representations set forth in this Section,
and shall not, without obtaining a confirmation of the then-current rating of the Notes (as determined after any adjustment or withdrawal
of the ratings following notice of such breach) waive a breach of any of the representations set forth in this Section.

III-6

(f) Servicer
to Maintain Perfection and Priority. In order to evidence the interests of the Administrator under this Agreement, the Servicer shall,
from time to time take such action, or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary (including, without limitation, such actions
as are reasonably requested by the Administrator) to maintain and perfect, as a first-priority interest, the Administrators security
interest in the Receivables, Related Security and Collections. The Servicer shall, from time to time and within the time limits established
by law, prepare and present to the Administrator for the Administrators authorization and approval, all financing statements, amendments,
continuations or initial financing statements in lieu of a continuation statement, or other filings necessary to continue, maintain and
perfect the Administrators security interest as a first-priority interest. The Administrators approval of such filings shall
authorize the Servicer to file such financing statements under the UCC without the signature of the Seller, any Originator, the Transferor
or the Administrator where allowed by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything else in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the
Servicer shall not have any authority prior to the Final Payout Date to file a termination, partial termination, release, partial release,
or any amendment that deletes the name of a debtor or excludes collateral of any such financing statements filed in connection with the
Transaction Documents, without the prior written consent of the Administrator.

(g) Mining
Operations and Mineheads. The Servicer shall (and shall cause each applicable Originator to) promptly, and in any event within 30
days of any change, deletion or addition to the location of any Originators mining operations or mineheads set forth on Schedule
V to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, (i) notify the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent of such change, deletion or addition,
(ii) cause the filing or recording of such financing statements and amendments and/or releases to financing statements, mortgages
or other instruments, if any, necessary to preserve and maintain the perfection and priority of the security interest of the Transferor,
Seller and Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties) in the Pool Assets pursuant to this Agreement, in each case in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and (iii) deliver to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent an updated Schedule
V to the Purchase and Sale Agreement reflecting such change, deletion or addition; it being understood that no Receivable the related
location of mining operations and/or mineheads of which is not as set forth on Schedule V to the Purchase and Sale Agreement as
of the Closing Date shall be an Eligible Receivable until such time as each condition under this clause (g) shall have been
satisfied (and upon such satisfaction, the Purchase and Sale Agreement shall be deemed amended to reflect such updated Schedule V
to the Purchase and Sale Agreement).

(h) Additional
Mortgages Under Credit Agreement. The Servicer shall (and shall cause each applicable Originator to) (x) provide written notice
promptly, and in any event within 30 days, to the Seller, the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent of each new Mortgage or amendment
or modification of an existing Mortgage under any Credit Agreement covering as-extracted collateral and (y) file or record all amendments
and/or releases to such new, amended or modified Mortgages necessary to release and remove of record any such security interest, lien
or other interest of the related grantee or beneficiary in the Receivables, Contracts and Related Security, in each case in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrator.

III-7

4. Ordinary
Course of Business. Seller represents and warrants that each remittance of Collections by or on behalf of the Seller to the Purchasers
under this Agreement will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by the Seller in the ordinary course of business or financial
affairs of the Seller and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller.

5. Reaffirmation
of Representations and Warranties. On the date of each purchase and/or reinvestment and issuance of a Letter of Credit hereunder,
and on the date each Information Package or Interim Report is delivered to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser hereunder,
the Seller and the Servicer, by accepting the proceeds of such purchase reinvestment or Letter of Credit, as applicable and/or the provision
of such Information Package or Interim Report, shall each be deemed to have certified that (i) all representations and warranties
of the Seller and the Servicer, as applicable, described in this Exhibit III, as from time to time amended in accordance with
the terms hereof, are correct in all material respects on and as of such day as though made on and as of such day, except for representations
and warranties which apply as to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of such date), and (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from any such purchase, reinvestment
or issuance, which constitutes a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event.

III-8

EXHIBIT IV

COVENANTS

1. Covenants
of the Seller. At all times from the date hereof until the Final Payout Date:

(a) Financial
Reporting. The Seller will maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect in the appropriate jurisdiction, and the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall furnish to the Administrator
and each Purchaser Agent:

(i) Annual
Reporting. Promptly upon completion and in no event later than 90 days after the close of each fiscal year of the Seller, annual
unaudited financial statements of the Seller certified by a designated financial or other officer of the Seller.

(ii) Reports.
(A) As soon as available and in any event not later than two Business Days prior to the Monthly Settlement Date, an Information Package
as of the most recently completed calendar month, (B) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser at any time following the
occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event or during a Minimum Liquidity Period, a report
substantially in the form of Annex H-1 (each, a Weekly Report) no later than the second Business Day of each calendar
week as of the most recently completed calendar week, which shall include, among other things, the Liquidity as of the last day of such
calendar week, and (C) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance
of a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event or during a Minimum Liquidity Period, a report substantially in the form of Annex
H-2 (each, a Daily Report) on each Business Day as of the date that is one Business Day prior to such date.

(iii) Cash
Flow Forecasts. During each Minimum Liquidity Period, from time to time a report substantially in the form of Annex J (a Cash
Flow Forecast) promptly (but in any event no later than 10 Business Days) following the request therefore from the Administrator
or any Purchaser.

(iv) Other
Information. Such other information (including non-financial information) as the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may from
time to time reasonably request.

(b) Notices.
The Seller will notify the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent in writing of any of the following events promptly upon (but in no event
later than three Business Days after) a financial or other officer learning of the occurrence thereof, with such notice describing the
same, and if applicable, the steps being taken by the Person(s) affected with respect thereto:

(i) Notice
of Termination Events or Unmatured Termination Events. A statement of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the
Seller setting forth details of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event and the action which the Seller proposes to take
with respect thereto.

IV-1

(ii) Representations
and Warranties. The failure of any representation or warranty to be true and correct (when made or at any time thereafter) with respect
to the Receivables included in the Receivables Pool.

(iii) Litigation.
The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding which may have a Material Adverse Effect on the Seller.

(iv) Adverse
Claim. (A) Any Person shall obtain an Adverse Claim upon the Pool Receivables or Collections with respect thereto, (B) any
Person other than the Seller, the Servicer or the Administrator shall obtain any rights or direct any action with respect to any Lock-Box
Account (or related lock-box or post office box) or (C) any Obligor shall receive any change in payment instructions with respect
to Pool Receivable(s) from a Person other than the Servicer or the Administrator.

(v) ERISA
and Other Claims. Promptly after the filing or receiving thereof, copies of all reports and notices that the Seller or any ERISA Affiliate
files under ERISA with the Internal Revenue Service, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or the U.S. Department of Labor or that
the Seller or any ERISA Affiliate receives from any of the foregoing or from any multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA) to which the Seller or any of its ERISA Affiliates is or was, within the preceding five years, a contributing employer, in each
case in respect of the assessment of withdrawal liability or an event or condition that could, in the aggregate, result in the imposition
of liability on the Seller and/or any such ERISA Affiliate.

(vi) Name
Changes. At least ten days before any change in the Sellers name, jurisdiction of organization or any other change requiring
the amendment of UCC financing statements, a notice setting forth such changes and the effective date thereof.

(vii) Material
Adverse Change. Promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of a material adverse change in the business, operations, property or
financial or other condition of the Seller, the Servicer, the Transferor or any Originator.

(c) Conduct
of Business. The Seller will carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields
of enterprise as it is presently conducted and will do all things necessary to remain duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
as a domestic organization in its jurisdiction of organization and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction
in which its business is conducted.

IV-2

(d) Compliance
with Laws. The Seller will comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which
it may be subject, except where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Furnishing
of Information and Inspection of Receivables. The Seller will furnish to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent from time to time
such information with respect to the Pool Receivables as the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request. The Seller will,
at the Sellers expense, during regular business hours with prior written notice (i) permit the Administrator and/or any Purchaser
Agent, or their respective agents or representatives, (A) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books and records
relating to the Pool Receivables or other Pool Assets and (B) to visit the offices and properties of the Seller for the purpose of
examining such books and records, and to discuss matters relating to the Pool Receivables, other Pool Assets or the Sellers performance
hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party with any of the officers, directors, employees or independent
public accountants of the Seller (provided that representatives of the Seller are present during such discussions) having knowledge of
such matters and (ii) without limiting the provisions of clause (i) above, during regular business hours, at the Sellers
expense, upon prior written notice from the Administrator and/or such Purchaser Agent, permit certified public accountants or other auditors
acceptable to the Administrator to conduct a review of its books and records with respect to such Receivables; provided, that unless
a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the Seller shall be required to reimburse the Administrator and Purchaser Agents for
only one (1) such audit per year.

(f) Payments
on Receivables, Accounts. The Seller will, and will cause each Originator and the Transferor to, at all times instruct all Obligors
to deliver payments on the Pool Receivables to (A) a Lock-Box Account or (B) so long as each of the Exception Account Conditions
are then satisfied, an Exception Account. The Servicer shall, and shall cause each Originator to, remit all Collections received in any
Exception Account directly to a Lock-Box Account no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof. If any such payments
or other Collections are received by the Seller, an Originator or the Transferor, it shall hold such payments in trust for the benefit
of the Administrator and the Purchasers and promptly (but in any event within two Business Days after receipt) remit such funds into a
Lock-Box Account; provided that any Collections received in an Exception Account shall be directly transferred to a Lock-Box Account
no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof. The Seller will cause each Lock-Box Bank to comply with the terms of
each applicable Lock-Box Agreement. The Seller will, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrator, instruct each Originator,
in its capacity as the beneficiary (or prospective beneficiary) of an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, to instruct the related Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit Provider to make payments in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or confirmed by) such
Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the Servicer fails to do so and, if an Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider fails to so deliver payments to a Lock-Box Account, the Seller will, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the
Administrator, use all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Originator to cause such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider
to deliver subsequent payments (if any) in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or confirmed by) such Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the Servicer fails to do so. The Seller will not permit the funds other than
Collections on Pool Receivables and other Pool Assets to be deposited into any Lock-Box Account. If such funds are nevertheless deposited
into any Lock-Box Account, the Seller will within two Business Days identify such funds for segregation. The Seller will not, and will
not permit the Servicer, any Originator or the Transferor or other Person to, commingle Collections or other funds to which the Administrator,
any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser is entitled with any other funds. The Seller shall only add, and shall only permit an Originator
or the Transferor to add, a Lock-Box Bank (or the related lock-box or post office box), or Lock-Box Account to those listed on Schedule
II to this Agreement, if the Administrator has received notice of such addition, a copy of any new Lock-Box Agreement and an executed
and acknowledged copy of a Lock-Box Agreement (or an amendment thereto) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrator
from the applicable Lock-Box Bank. The Seller shall only terminate a Lock-Box Bank or close a Lock-Box Account (or the related lock-box
or post office box), with the prior written consent of the Administrator.

IV-3

(g) Sales,
Liens, etc. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Seller will not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise
dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including, without limitation, the filing of any financing statement)
or with respect to, any Pool Receivable or other Pool Asset, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof.

(h) Extension
or Amendment of Pool Receivables. Except as otherwise permitted in Section 4.2 of this Agreement, the Seller will
not, and will not permit the Servicer to, alter the delinquency status or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms
of any Pool Receivable in any material respect, or amend, modify or waive, in any material respect, any term or condition of any related
Contract (which term or condition relates to payments under, or the enforcement of, such Contract). The Seller shall at its expense, timely
and fully perform and comply with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related
to the Pool Receivables, and timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Receivable and the related
Contract (which term or condition relates to payments under, or the enforcement of, such Contract).

(i) Change
in Business. The Seller will not (i) make any change in the character of its business or (ii) make any change in any Credit
and Collection Policy that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, in the case of either clause (i) or
(ii) above, without the prior written consent of the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents. The Seller shall not
make any other written change in any Credit and Collection Policy without giving prior written notice thereof to the Administrator and
each Purchaser Agent.

(j) Fundamental
Changes. The Seller shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents, permit itself
(i) to merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a
series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person or (ii) to
be owned by any Person other than ACI and thereby cause ACIs percentage of ownership or control of the Seller to be reduced. The
Seller shall provide the Administrator and each Purchaser with at least 10 days prior written notice before making any change in
the Sellers name, location or making any other change in the Sellers identity or corporate structure that could impair or
otherwise render any UCC financing statement filed in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document seriously
misleading as such term (or similar term) is used in the applicable UCC; each notice to the Administrator and the Purchaser Agents
pursuant to this sentence shall set forth the applicable change and the proposed effective date thereof. The Seller will also maintain
and implement (or cause the Servicer to maintain and implement) administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate
records evidencing Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain
(or cause the Servicer to keep and maintain) all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably
necessary or advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each
Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Receivable).

IV-4

(k) Change
in Payment Instructions to Obligors. The Seller shall not (and shall not cause the Servicer or any Sub-Servicer to) add to, replace
or terminate any of the Lock-Box Accounts (or any related lock-box or post office box) listed in Schedule II hereto or make any
change in its (or their) instructions to the Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Lock-Box Accounts (or any related lock-box
or post office box), unless the Administrator shall have received (x) prior written notice of such addition, termination or change
and (y) a signed and acknowledged Lock-Box Agreement (or amendment thereto) with respect to such new Lock-Box Accounts (or any related
lock-box or post office box).

(l) Ownership
Interest, Etc. The Seller shall (and shall cause the Servicer to), at its expense, take all action necessary or reasonably desirable
to establish and maintain a valid and enforceable undivided percentage ownership or security interest, to the extent of the Purchased
Interest, in the Pool Receivables, the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, and a first priority perfected security
interest in the Pool Assets, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim, in favor of the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured
Parties), including taking such action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of the Administrator (on behalf of the
Secured Parties) as the Administrator or any Purchaser may reasonably request.

(m) Certain
Agreements. Without the prior written consent of the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents, the Seller will not (and will
not permit the Originators or the Transferor to) amend, modify, waive, revoke or terminate any Transaction Document to which it is a party
or any provision of the Sellers organizational documents which requires the consent of the Independent Director (as
defined in the Sellers LLC Agreement).

(n) Restricted
Payments. (i) Except pursuant to clause (ii) below, the Seller will not: (A) purchase or redeem any shares of
its capital stock, (B) declare or pay any dividend or set aside any funds for any such purpose, (C) prepay, purchase or redeem
any Debt, (D) lend or advance any funds or (E) repay any loans or advances to, for or from any of its Affiliates (the amounts
described in clauses (A) through (E) being referred to as Restricted Payments).

(ii) Subject
to the limitations set forth in clause (iii) below, the Seller may make Restricted Payments so long as such Restricted Payments
are made only in one or more of the following ways: (A) the Seller may make cash payments (including prepayments) on the Company
Notes in accordance with their respective terms, and (B) if no amounts are then outstanding under any Company Note, the Seller may
declare and pay dividends.

IV-5

(iii) The
Seller may make Restricted Payments only out of the funds, if any, it receives pursuant to Sections 1.4(b)(ii) and (iv) and
1.4(d) of this Agreement. Furthermore, the Seller shall not pay, make or declare: (A) any dividend if, after giving effect
thereto, the Tangible Net Worth of the Seller would be less than $5,000,000, or (B) any Restricted Payment (including any dividend)
if, after giving effect thereto, any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(o) Other
Business. The Seller will not: (i) engage in any business other than the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
(ii) create, incur or permit to exist any Debt of any kind (or cause or permit to be issued for its account any letters of credit
or bankers acceptances) other than pursuant to this Agreement or the Company Notes, or (iii) form any Subsidiary or make any
investments in any other Person.

(p) Use
of Sellers Share of Collections. The Seller shall apply the Sellers Share of Collections to make payments in the following
order of priority: (i) the payment of its expenses (including all obligations payable to the Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and the
Administrator under this Agreement and under the Fee Letters), (ii) the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Company Notes
and (iii) other legal and valid organizational purposes.

(q) Further
Assurances; Change in Name or Jurisdiction of Origination, etc. (i) The Seller hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from
time to time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary) and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all
further actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrator may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully
evidence the purchases or issuances made under this Agreement and/or security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document, or to enable the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties) to exercise and enforce the Purchasers
rights and remedies under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document. Without limiting the foregoing, the Seller hereby authorizes,
and will, upon the request of the Administrator, at the Sellers own expense, execute (if necessary) and file such financing or
continuation statements (including fixture filings and as extracted collateral filings), or amendments thereto, and such other instruments
and documents, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrator may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or evidence any
of the foregoing.

(i) The
Seller authorizes the Administrator to file financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, relating
to the Receivables and the Related Security, the related Contracts and the Collections with respect thereto and the other collateral subject
to a lien under any Transaction Document without the signature of the Seller. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement shall
be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law.

IV-6

(ii) The
Seller shall at all times be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall not take any action to change its jurisdiction
of organization.

(iii) The
Seller will not change its name, location, identity or corporate structure unless (x) the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent
shall have received at least thirty (30) days advance written notice of such change, (y) the Seller, at its own expense, shall
have taken all action necessary or appropriate to perfect or maintain the perfection of the lien under this Agreement (including, without
limitation, the filing of all financing statements and the taking of such other action as the Administrator may request in connection
with such change or relocation), and (z) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser, the Seller shall cause to be delivered
to the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent, an opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and such Purchaser
Agent as to such UCC perfection and priority matters as such Person may request at such time.

(r) Tangible
Net Worth. The Seller will not permit its Tangible Net Worth, at any time, to be less than $5,000,000.

(s) Anti-Money
Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance. No Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its
own right or through any third party, will (a) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control
of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (b) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments
in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (c) engage in any dealings
or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (d) use the proceeds of any Purchase to fund any operations in, finance any
investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law.
The funds used to repay Sellers obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents will not be derived
from any unlawful activity. Each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws. Seller shall promptly notify the Administrator
in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event.

(t) Sellers
Tax Status. The Seller will remain a wholly-owned subsidiary of a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30)
of the Internal Revenue Code) and not be subject to withholding under Section 1446 of the Internal Revenue Code. No action will be
taken that would cause the Seller to (i) be treated other than as a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury
Regulation 301.7701-3 for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) become an association taxable as a corporation or a publicly
traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

(u) Other
Additional Information. The Seller will provide to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent such information and documentation as
may reasonably be requested by the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent from time to time for purposes of compliance by the Administrator
and each Purchaser Agent with applicable laws (including without limitation the USA Patriot Act and other know your customer
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrator and each Purchaser
Agent to comply therewith.

IV-7

2. Covenants
of the Servicer. At all times from the date hereof until the Final Payout Date:

(a) Financial
Reporting. The Servicer will maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect in the appropriate jurisdiction, and the Servicer shall furnish to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent:

(i) Compliance
Certificates. (a) A compliance certificate promptly upon completion of the annual report of the Performance Guarantor and in
no event later than 90 days after the close of the Performance Guarantors fiscal year, in form and substance substantially similar
to Annex D signed by its chief accounting officer or treasurer solely in their capacities as officers of the Servicer stating that no
Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists, or if any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists, stating the
nature and status thereof, and (b) within 45 days after the close of each fiscal quarter of the Servicer, a compliance certificate
in form and substance substantially similar to Annex D.

(ii) Reports.
(A) As soon as available and in any event not later than two Business Days prior to the Monthly Settlement Date, an Information Package
as of the most recently completed calendar month, (B) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser at any time following the
occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event or during a Minimum Liquidity Period, a Weekly
Report no later than the second Business Day of each calendar week as of the most recently completed calendar week, which shall include,
among other things, the Liquidity as of the last day of such calendar week, and (C) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser
at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event or during a Minimum
Liquidity Period, a Daily Report on each Business Day as of the date that is one Business Day prior to such date.

(iii) Cash
Flow Forecasts. During each Minimum Liquidity Period, a Cash Flow Forecast from time to time promptly (but in any event no later than
5 Business Days) following the request therefore from the Administrator or any Purchaser.

(iv) Other
Information. Such other information (including non-financial information) as the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may from time
to time reasonably request.

IV-8

(v) Annual
Reporting. Promptly upon completion and in no event later than 90 days after the close of each fiscal year of ACI, the annual
audited financial statements of ACI and its consolidated Subsidiaries certified by independent certified public accountants of nationally
recognized standing (which shall be free of qualifications (other than any consistency qualification that may result from a change in
the method used to prepare the financial statements as to which such accountants concur)), prepared in accordance with GAAP (after giving
effect to Fresh Start Reporting, as applicable), including consolidated balance sheets as of the end of such period, consolidated statements
of income, related profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of changes in financial position.

(b) Notices.
The Servicer will notify the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent in writing of any of the following events promptly upon (but in no
event later than three Business Days after) a financial or other officer learning of the occurrence thereof, with such notice describing
the same, and if applicable, the steps being taken by the Person(s) affected with respect thereto:

(i) Notice
of Termination Events or Unmatured Termination Events. A statement of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the
Servicer setting forth details of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event and the action which the Servicer proposes to take
with respect thereto.

(ii) Representations
and Warranties. The failure of any representation or warranty to be true and correct (when made or at any time thereafter) with respect
to the Receivables included in the Receivables Pool.

(iii) Litigation.
The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding which could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Servicer.

(iv) Adverse
Claim. (A) Any Person shall obtain an Adverse Claim upon the Pool Receivables or Collections with respect thereto, (B) any
Person other than the Seller, the Servicer or the Administrator shall obtain any rights or direct any action with respect to any Lock-Box
Account (or related lock-box or post office box) or (C) any Obligor shall receive any change in payment instructions with respect
to Pool Receivable(s) from a Person other than the Servicer or the Administrator.

(v) ERISA.
Promptly after the filing or receiving thereof notice of and, upon the request of the Administrator, copies of all reports and notices
that ACI or any ERISA Affiliate of ACI files under ERISA with the Internal Revenue Service, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or
the U.S. Department of Labor or that such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates receives from any of the foregoing or from any multiemployer
plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) to which such Person or any ERISA Affiliate of ACI is or was, within
the preceding five years, a contributing employer, in each case in respect of the assessment of withdrawal liability or an event or condition
that could, in the aggregate, result in the imposition of liability on ACI and/or any such ERISA Affiliate.

IV-9

(vi) Name
Changes. At least ten days before any change in ACIs, any Originators or the Transferors name or any other change
requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements, a notice setting forth such changes and the effective date thereof.

(vii) Material
Adverse Change. A material adverse change in the business, operations, property or financial or other condition of ACI or any Originator
or the Transferor or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

(viii) Other
Debt Default. A default or any event of default under (x) any Credit Agreement, or (y) any other financing arrangement evidencing
$35,000,000 or more of indebtedness pursuant to which ACI, Arch Sales, any Originator, the Transferor or any of their Subsidiaries is
a debtor or an obligor.

(ix) Permitted
Merger. No later than 10 Business Days after the effective date of any Permitted Merger, a notice setting forth, in reasonable detail,
the terms, conditions and Persons involved therein.

(c) Conduct
of Business. The Servicer will carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields
of enterprise as it is presently conducted and will do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in
each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted if the failure to have such authority could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(d) Compliance
with Laws. The Servicer will comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to
which it may be subject if the failure to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Furnishing
of Information and Inspection of Receivables. The Servicer will furnish to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent from time to
time such information with respect to the Pool Receivables as the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request. The Servicer
will, at the Servicers expense, during regular business hours with prior written notice, (i) permit the Administrator and/or
any Purchaser Agent, or their respective agents or representatives, (A) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books
and records relating to the Pool Receivables or other Pool Assets, (B) to visit the offices and properties of the Servicer for the
purpose of examining such books and records, and (C) to discuss matters relating to the Pool Receivables, other Pool Assets or the
Servicers performance hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party with any of the officers, directors,
employees or independent public accountants of the Servicer (provided that representatives of the Servicer are present during such discussions)
having knowledge of such matters and (ii) without limiting the provisions of clause (i) above, during regular business
hours, at the Servicers expense, upon prior written notice from the Administrator or such Purchaser Agent, permit certified public
accountants or other auditors acceptable to the Administrator to conduct, a review of its books and records with respect to such Receivables;
provided, that unless a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, that the Servicer shall be required to reimburse the
Administrator and the Purchaser Agents for only one (1) such audit per year.

IV-10

(f) Payments
on Receivables, Accounts. The Servicer will at all times instruct all Obligors to deliver payments on the Pool Receivables to (A) a
Lock-Box Account or (B) so long as each of the Exception Account Conditions are then satisfied, an Exception Account. The Seller
(or the Servicer on its behalf) shall, and shall cause each Originator to remit all Collections received in any Exception Account directly
to a Lock-Box Account no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof. The Servicer will, at all times, maintain such
books and records necessary to identify Collections received from time to time on Pool Receivables and to segregate such Collections from
other property of the Servicer, the Transferor and the Originators. If any such payments or other Collections are received by the Servicer,
it shall hold such payments in trust for the benefit of the Administrator and the Purchasers and promptly (but in any event within two
Business Days after receipt) remit such funds into a Lock-Box Account. The Servicer will cause each Lock-Box Bank to comply with the terms
of each applicable Lock-Box Agreement. The Servicer will (on behalf of the Seller), unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrator,
instruct each Originator, in its capacity as the beneficiary of an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, to instruct each Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider to make payments in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or confirmed by) such Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the applicable Originator fails to do so and, if an Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider fails to so deliver payments to a Lock-Box Account, the Servicer will, unless otherwise agreed in writing by
the Administrator, use all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Originator to cause such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider
to deliver subsequent payments (if any) in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or confirmed by) such Eligible Supporting
Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the applicable Originator fails to do so. The Servicer will not permit the
funds other than Collections on Pool Receivables and other Pool Assets to be deposited into any Lock-Box Account. If such funds are nevertheless
deposited into any Lock-Box Account, the Servicer will within two Business Days identify such funds for segregation. The Servicer will
not commingle Collections or other funds to which the Administrator or any other Secured Party is entitled with any other funds. The Servicer
shall only add, a Lock-Box Bank (or the related lock-box or post office box), or Lock-Box Account to those listed on Schedule II
to this Agreement, if the Administrator has received notice of such addition, a copy of any new Lock-Box Agreement and an executed and
acknowledged copy of a Lock-Box Agreement (or an amendment thereto) in form and substance acceptable to the Administrator from any such
new Lock-Box Bank. The Servicer shall only terminate a Lock-Box Bank or close a Lock-Box Account (or the related lock-box or post office
box) with the prior written consent of the Administrator.

(g) Extension
or Amendment of Pool Receivables. Except as otherwise permitted in Section 4.2 of this Agreement, the Servicer will not
alter the delinquency status or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable in any material respect,
or amend, modify or waive, in any material respect any term or condition of any related Contract (which term or condition relates to payments
under, or the enforcement of, such Contract). The Servicer shall at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply with all provisions,
covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Pool Receivables, and timely and fully comply
with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contract (which term or condition relates to
payments under, or the enforcement of, such Contract).

IV-11

(h) Change
in Business. The Servicer will not (i) make any material change in the character of its business or (ii) make any change
in any Credit and Collection Policy that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, in the case of either (i) or
(ii) above, without the prior written consent of the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents. The Servicer shall not make
any written change in any Credit and Collection Policy without giving prior written notice thereof to the Administrator and each Purchaser
Agent.

(i) Records.
The Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing
Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents,
books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables
(including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each
existing Pool Receivable).

(j) Change
in Payment Instructions to Obligors. The Servicer shall not (and shall not permit any Sub-Servicer to) add to, replace or terminate
any of the Lock-Box Accounts (or any related lock-box or post office box) listed in Schedule II hereto or make any change in its
instructions to the Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Lock-Box Accounts (or any related lock-box or post office box), unless
the Administrator shall have received (x) prior written notice of such addition, termination or change and (y) a signed and
acknowledged Lock-Box Agreement (or an amendment thereto) with respect to such new Lock-Box Accounts (or any related lock-box or post
office box).

(k) Ownership
Interest, Etc. The Servicer shall, at its expense, take all action necessary or reasonably desirable to establish and maintain a valid
and enforceable undivided percentage ownership or security interest, to the extent of the Purchased Interest, in the Pool Receivables,
the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, and a first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets, in each
case free and clear of any Adverse Claim, in favor of the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties), including taking such action
to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties) as the Administrator may
reasonably request.

(l) Further
Assurances; Change in Name or Jurisdiction of Origination, etc. The Servicer hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from time to
time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary) and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further
actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrator may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence
the purchases or issuances made under this Agreement and/or security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document, or to enable the Administrator (on behalf of the Secured Parties) to exercise and enforce their respective rights and remedies
under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Without limiting the foregoing, the Servicer hereby authorizes, and will, upon
the request of the Administrator, at the Servicers own expense, execute (if necessary) and file such financing or continuation
statements (including fixture filings and as extracted collateral filings), or amendments thereto, and such other instruments and documents,
that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrator may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or evidence any of the foregoing.

IV-12

(i) The
Servicer authorizes the Administrator to file financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, relating
to the Receivables and the Related Security, the related Contracts and the Collections with respect thereto and the other collateral subject
to a lien under any Transaction Document without the signature of the Servicer. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement shall
be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law.

(ii) The
Servicer shall at all times be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall not take any action to change its jurisdiction
of organization.

(iii) The
Servicer will not change its name, location, identity or corporate structure unless (x) the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent
shall have received at least ten (10) days advance written notice of such change, (y) the Servicer, at its own expense,
shall have taken all action necessary or appropriate to perfect or maintain the perfection of the lien under this Agreement (including,
without limitation, the filing of all financing statements and the taking of such other action as the Administrator may request in connection
with such change or relocation), and (z) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent, the Servicer shall cause to be
delivered to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, an opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrator and each
such Purchaser Agent as to such UCC perfection and priority matters as such Person may request at such time.

(m) Anti-Money
Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance. No Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person. No Covered Entity, either in its
own right or through any third party, will (a) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control
of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (b) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments
in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; (c) engage in any dealings
or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (d) use the proceeds of any Purchase to fund any operations in, finance any
investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law.
The funds used to repay Servicers obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents will not be derived
from any unlawful activity. Each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws. Servicer shall promptly notify the Administrator
in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event.

IV-13

(n) Identifying
of Records. The Servicer shall identify its master data processing records relating to Pool Receivables and related Contracts with
a legend that indicates that the Pool Receivables have been pledged in accordance with this Agreement.

(o) Sellers
Tax Status. The Servicer shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in the Seller (i) being treated other
than as a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3 for U.S. federal income tax
purposes or (ii) becoming an association taxable as a corporation or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes.

(p) Other
Additional Information. The Servicer will provide to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent such information and documentation
as may reasonably be requested by the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent from time to time for purpose of compliance by the Administrator
and each Purchaser Agent with applicable laws (including without limitation the USA Patriot Act and other know your custom
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrator and each Purchaser
Agent to comply therewith.

3. Separate
Existence. Each of the Seller and the Servicer hereby acknowledges that the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents and the Administrator are
entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in reliance upon the Sellers
identity as a legal entity separate from ACI and its Affiliates. Therefore, from and after the date hereof, each of the Seller and ACI
shall take all steps specifically required by this Agreement or reasonably required by the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser
to continue the Sellers identity as a separate legal entity and to make it apparent to third Persons that the Seller is an entity
with assets and liabilities distinct from those of ACI and any other Person, and is not a division of ACI, its Affiliates or any other
Person. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to and consistent with the other covenants set forth herein,
each of the Seller and ACI shall take such actions as shall be required in order that:

(a) The
Seller will be a limited liability company whose primary activities are restricted in its LLC Agreement to: (i) purchasing or otherwise
acquiring from the Transferor, owning, holding, granting security interests or selling interests in Pool Assets, (ii) entering into
agreements for the selling and servicing of the Receivables Pool, and (iii) conducting such other activities as it deems necessary
or appropriate to carry out its primary activities;

(b) The
Seller shall not engage in any business or activity except as set forth in this Agreement nor incur any indebtedness or liability other
than as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents;

IV-14

(c) (i) Not
less than one member of the Sellers board of directors (the Independent Director) shall be a natural person
(A) who is not, and has not been at any time during the five (5) years preceding such persons initial appointment: (1) a
direct, indirect or beneficial stockholder, equityholder, officer, director (other than the Independent Director), employee, member, manager,
attorney, partner, affiliate, or supplier of Seller, ACI, Arch Sales, any Originator, the Transferor or any of their respective Subsidiaries
(the Arch Group); provided, that indirect stock ownership of any member of the Arch Group by any person through
a mutual fund or similar diversified investment pool shall not disqualify such person from being an Independent Director unless such person
maintains direct or indirect control of the investment decisions of such mutual fund or similar diversified investment pool, (2) a
customer of, supplier to or other person who derives more than 1% of its purchases or revenues from its activities with any member of
the Arch Group; (3) a trustee, conservator or receiver for any member of the Arch Group; (4) a person or other entity controlling,
controlled by or under common control with any such equity holder, partner, member, manager, customer, supplier or other person; or (5) a
member of the immediate family of any such equityholder, director, officer, employee, member, manager, partner, customer, supplier or
other person and (B) (1) who has (x) prior experience as an independent director for a corporation or an independent manager
of a limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all independent director or independent managers
thereof before such corporation could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition
seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (y) at least three years of employment experience
with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services
to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities and (2) is reasonably acceptable to the
Administrator and each Purchaser Agent (such acceptability of any Independent Director appointed after the date hereof must be evidenced
in writing signed by the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent). Under this clause (c), the term control means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management, policies or activities of a Person, whether
through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. (ii) The operating agreement of the Seller shall provide that:
(A) the Sellers board of managers or other governing body shall not approve, or take any other action to cause the filing
of, a voluntary bankruptcy petition with respect to the Seller unless the Independent Director shall approve the taking of such action
in writing before the taking of such action, and (B) such provision and each other provision requiring an Independent Director cannot
be amended without the prior written consent of the Independent Director.

(d) The
Independent Director shall not at any time serve as a trustee in bankruptcy for the Seller, ACI, any Originator, the Transferor or any
of their respective Affiliates;

(e) The
Seller shall maintain its organizational documents in conformity with this Agreement, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement
or otherwise modify its ability to comply with the terms and provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation,
clause (i) of Exhibit V;

(f) The
Seller shall conduct its affairs strictly in accordance with its organizational documents and observe all necessary, appropriate and customary
company formalities, including, but not limited to, holding all regular and special members and board of directors meetings
appropriate to authorize all limited liability company action, keeping separate and accurate minutes of its meetings, passing all resolutions
or consents necessary to authorize actions taken or to be taken, and maintaining accurate and separate books, records and accounts, including,
but not limited to, payroll and intercompany transaction accounts;

IV-15

(g) Any
employee, consultant or agent of the Seller will be compensated from the Sellers funds for services provided to the Seller, and
to the extent that Seller shares the same officers or other employees as ACI (or any other Affiliate thereof), the salaries and expenses
relating to providing benefits to such officers and other employees shall be fairly allocated among such entities, and each such entity
shall bear its fair share of the salary and benefit costs associated with such common officers and employees. The Seller will not engage
any agents other than its attorneys, auditors and other professionals, and a servicer and any other agent contemplated by the Transaction
Documents for the Receivables Pool, which servicer will be fully compensated for its services by payment of the Servicing Fee, and a manager,
which manager will be fully compensated from the Sellers funds;

(h) The
Seller will contract with the Servicer to perform for the Seller all operations required on a daily basis to service the Receivables Pool.
The Seller will pay the Servicer the Servicing Fee pursuant hereto. The Seller will not incur any indirect or overhead expenses for items
shared with ACI (or any other Affiliate thereof) that are not reflected in the Servicing Fee. To the extent, if any, that the Seller (or
any Affiliate thereof) shares items of expenses not reflected in the Servicing Fee or the managers fee, such as legal, auditing
and other professional services, such expenses will be allocated to the extent practical on the basis of actual use or the value of services
rendered, and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to the actual use or the value of services rendered; it being understood that ACI
shall pay all expenses relating to the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, including legal,
agency and other fees;

(i) The
Sellers operating expenses will not be paid by ACI, the Transferor or any Originator or any Affiliate thereof;

(j) The
Seller will have its own separate stationery;

(k) The
Sellers books and records will be maintained separately from those of ACI and any other Affiliate thereof and in a manner such
that it will not be difficult or costly to segregate, ascertain or otherwise identify the assets and liabilities of Seller;

(l) All
financial statements of ACI or any Affiliate thereof that are consolidated to include the Seller will disclose that (i) the Sellers
sole business consists of the purchase or acceptance through capital contributions of the Receivables and Related Rights from the Transferor
and the subsequent retransfer of or granting of a security interest in such Receivables and Related Rights to certain purchasers party
to this Agreement, (ii) the Seller is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, upon its liquidation,
to be satisfied out of the Sellers assets prior to any assets or value in the Seller becoming available to the Sellers equity
holders and (iii) the assets of the Seller are not available to pay creditors of ACI or any other Affiliates of ACI or the Originators
or the Transferor;

(m) The
Sellers assets will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of ACI or any Affiliates
thereof;

IV-16

(n) The
Seller will strictly observe corporate formalities in its dealings with ACI or any Affiliates thereof, and funds or other assets of the
Seller will not be commingled with those of ACI or any Affiliates thereof except as permitted by this Agreement in connection with servicing
the Pool Receivables. The Seller shall not maintain joint bank accounts or other depository accounts to which ACI or any Affiliate thereof
(other than ACI in its capacity as the Servicer) has independent access. The Seller is not named, and has not entered into any agreement
to be named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss
relating to the property of ACI or any Subsidiaries or other Affiliates thereof. The Seller will pay to the appropriate Affiliate the
marginal increase or, in the absence of such increase, the market amount of its portion of the premium payable with respect to any insurance
policy that covers the Seller and such Affiliate;

(o) The
Seller will maintain arms-length relationships with ACI (and any Affiliates thereof). Any Person that renders or otherwise furnishes
services to the Seller will be compensated by the Seller at market rates for such services it renders or otherwise furnishes to the Seller.
Neither the Seller on the one hand, nor ACI, on the other hand, will be or will hold itself out to be responsible for the debts of the
other or the decisions or actions respecting the daily business and affairs of the other. The Seller and ACI will immediately correct
any known misrepresentation with respect to the foregoing, and they will not operate or purport to operate as an integrated single economic
unit with respect to each other or in their dealing with any other entity;

(p) The
Seller shall have a separate area from ACI for its business (which may be located at the same address as such entities) and to the extent
that any other such entity have offices in the same location, there shall be a fair and appropriate allocation of overhead costs between
them, and each shall bear its fair share of such expenses; and

(q) To
the extent not already covered in paragraphs (a) through (o) above, Seller shall comply and/or act in accordance with the provisions
of Section 6.4 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement.

4. Certain
Post-Closing Requirements. As soon as practicable and in any event not later than 120 days following the Closing Date, the Servicer
shall (or shall cause the Seller to) deliver to the Administrator favorable opinions, addressed to the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent
and each Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator, of external counsel for the Seller, Originators,
the Servicer and ACI, covering certain corporate and UCC perfection matters relating to the Originators organized in Kentucky, West Virginia
and Virginia as well as certain UCC perfection matters with respect to county-level filings made by each Originator.

IV-17

EXHIBIT V

TERMINATION EVENTS

Each of the following shall
be a Termination Event:

(a) (i) the
Seller, ACI, any Originator, the Transferor or the Servicer shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement under the
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and, except as otherwise provided herein, such failure, solely to the extent capable of cure,
shall continue for 30 days, (ii) the Seller or the Servicer shall fail to make when due any payment or deposit to be made by it under
the Agreement or any other Transaction Document and such failure shall continue unremedied for one Business Day, or (iii) Arch Sales
shall resign as Servicer, and no successor Servicer reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator shall have been appointed;

(b) Arch
Sales (or any Affiliate thereof) shall fail to transfer to any successor Servicer when required any rights pursuant to the Agreement that
Arch Sales (or such Affiliate) then has as Servicer;

(c) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Seller, ACI, any Originator, the Transferor or the Servicer (or any of their respective
officers) under or in connection with the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any information or report delivered by the Seller,
ACI, any Originator, the Transferor or the Servicer pursuant to the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, shall prove to have been
incorrect or untrue when made or deemed made or delivered, and shall remain incorrect or untrue for 10 Business Days;

(d) the
Seller or the Servicer shall fail to deliver any Information Package or Interim Report pursuant to the Agreement, and such failure shall
remain unremedied for two Business Days;

(e) the
Agreement or any purchase or reinvestment pursuant to the Agreement shall for any reason: (i) cease to create, or the Purchased Interest
shall for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable perfected undivided percentage ownership or security interest to the extent
of the Purchased Interest in each Pool Receivable, the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, free and clear of any Adverse
Claim, or (ii) cease to create with respect to the Pool Assets, or the interest of the Administrator with respect to such Pool Assets
shall cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest, free and clear of any Adverse Claim;

(f) the
Seller, ACI, the Transferor or any Originator shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its
inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted
by or against the Seller, ACI the Transferor or any Originator seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation,
winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted
against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of
the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of the property) shall occur, or the Seller, ACI and the Transferor
or any Originator shall take any corporate or organizational action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this paragraph;

V-1

(g) (i) the
(A) Default Ratio shall exceed 3% or (B) the Delinquency Ratio shall exceed 6%, or (ii) the average for three consecutive
calendar months of: (A) the Default Ratio shall exceed 2%, (B) the Delinquency Ratio shall exceed 4% or (C) the Dilution
Ratio shall exceed 3%, or (iii) Days Sales Outstanding shall exceed 48 days;

(h) a
Change in Control shall occur;

(i) at
any time (i) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Capital, plus the Adjusted LC Participation Amount, plus (B) the Total Reserves
exceeds (ii) the sum of (A) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time, plus (B) the Purchasers Share of the
amount of Collections then on deposit in the Lock-Box Accounts (other than amounts set aside therein representing Discount and fees),
and such circumstance shall not have been cured within two Business Days;

(j) (i) ACI
or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest under (x) any Credit Agreement or (y) on
any of its other Debt that is outstanding in a principal amount of at least $35,000,000 in the aggregate when the same becomes due and
payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after
the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to such Debt (whether or not
such failure shall have been waived under the related agreement), (ii) any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under
any Credit Agreement or any agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to any such other Debt and shall continue after the
applicable grace period, if any, specified in any Credit Agreement or such agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument (whether or not
such failure shall have been waived under the related agreement), if the effect of such event or condition is to give the applicable debtholders
the right (whether acted upon or not) to accelerate the maturity of any Credit Agreement or such other Debt, or (iii) any Credit
Agreement or any such other Debt shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled
required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to repay, redeem, purchase or defease any Credit Agreement or such
other Debt shall be required to be made, in each case before the stated maturity thereof;

(k) (i) ACI
shall fail to perform any of its obligations under the Performance Guaranty or (ii) any Originator shall fail to perform any of its
obligations under the Originator Performance Guaranty;

(l) (i) a
contribution failure shall occur with respect to any Benefit Plan sufficient to give rise to a lien on any of the assets of Seller, any
Originator, the Transferor, ACI or any ERISA Affiliate under Section 303(k) of ERISA and such failure is not cured and any related
lien released within 10 days or (ii) either the Internal Revenue Service or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation shall have filed
one or more notices of lien asserting a claim or claims pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code, or ERISA, as applicable, against the assets
of (a) the Seller or (b) the Servicer, the Transferor, any Originator, ACI or any ERISA Affiliate (other than the Seller) in
an amount in excess of $250,000 and such lien is not released within 10 days;

V-2

(m) the
Seller or ACI shall fail to (x) provide the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent with at least ten days prior written notice
of any replacement or appointment of any director that is to serve as an Independent Director on the Sellers board of directors
or (y) obtain the prior written consent of the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent for any replacement or appointment of any director
that is to serve as an Independent Director on the Sellers board of directors and, in either case, such failure shall continue
for ten days;

(n) any
Letter of Credit is drawn upon and, unless as a result of the LC Banks failure to provide the notice required by Section 1.14(b),
not fully reimbursed pursuant to Section 1.14 (including, if applicable, with the proceeds of any funding by any Purchaser)
within two Business Days from the date of such draw;

(o) an
order of the Bankruptcy Court shall be entered in any of the Chapter 11 Cases staying, reversing, vacating, amending, supplementing or
otherwise modifying the Confirmation Order or any member of the Arch Group shall apply for authority to do so, in each case without the
prior written consent of the Administrator and the Majority Purchaser Agents;

(p) a
member of the Arch Group shall file a pleading seeking or consenting to the matters described in clause (o) above;

(q) the
filing by any member of the Arch Group of any motion or proceeding that could reasonably be expected to result in material impairment
of the Administrators or any Secured Partys rights under the Transaction Documents; or a final determination by the Bankruptcy
Court (or any court of competent jurisdiction) with respect to any motion or proceeding brought by any other party that results in any
material impairment of the Administrators or any Secured Partys rights under the Transaction Documents; or

(r) the
existence of any Adverse Claim on any Pool Assets; or

(s) clause
(b) of the Exception Account Conditions shall cease to be satisfied without the prior written consent of the Administrator (not to
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) unless, promptly after the Servicer obtains knowledge thereof, the Servicer shall have
delivered a revised Information Package identifying each Receivable the Obligor of which has been instructed to make payments to an Exception
Account or made its most recent remittance of Collections to an Exception Account with information sufficient to re-determine the Purchased
Interest without such Receivables included as Eligible Receivables.

V-3

SCHEDULE IV

GROUP COMMITMENTS

Purchaser Group 

Name Capacity Commitment Group Commitment

PNC Purchaser Group Purchaser Group N/A $102,500,000

PNC Related Committed Purchaser $102,500,000 

PNC LC Participant $102,500,000 

PNC Purchaser Agent N/A 

PNC LC Bank N/A 

Regions Purchaser Group Purchaser Group N/A $47,500,000

Regions Related Committed Purchaser $47,500,000 

Regions LC Participant $47,500,000 

Regions Purchaser Agent N/A 

Annex I-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NEWS RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Successful
Completion of Merger Creating Core Natural Resources

CANONSBURG, Pa., January 14, 2025 Core Natural Resources, Inc.
(Core or the Company) today announced the successful completion of the merger of equals between CONSOL Energy
Inc. (CONSOL) and Arch Resources, Inc. (Arch) to form Core, effective January 14, 2025. The proposals
required to consummate the merger received the support of more than 99% of the companies respective stockholders present and entitled
to vote at the stockholder meetings held last week.

Shares of Arch ceased trading prior to market open on January 14,
2025. It is expected that shares of Core will start trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CNR beginning
tomorrow, January 15, 2025, and under the ticker symbol CEIX until then. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Arch stockholders
received 1.326 shares of Core for each issued and outstanding Arch share.

Today marks a milestone in the proud histories of two great
companies, said Jimmy Brock, Cores executive chair. Through this transformational combination, we have created a
global leader exceptionally well-positioned to compete and succeed in two significant, high-potential market segments the global
metallurgical and global high-rank thermal coal markets. Through these two core lines of business, the Core team expects to play an essential
role in meeting the worlds growing steel, infrastructure, and energy requirements while driving long-term value for its many stakeholders,
including stockholders, customers, employees, and the communities in which we live and work.

This combination joins two proven leadership teams and best-in-sector
operating platforms to create a premier North American coal producer with worldwide reach and world-class mining and logistics capabilities,
said Paul A. Lang, Cores chief executive officer. Since the mergers announcement, the Arch and CONSOL teams have
collaborated to lay the foundation for a swift, efficient, and value-creating integration, and we fully intend to hit the ground running
in capturing the combinations substantial synergies and realizing the full potential of the new enterprise. At the same time, we
will be building upon the central principles that have served as the bedrock of both Archs and CONSOLs corporate cultures
a deep and unwavering commitment to safety; environmental and social stewardship; integrity; and operational excellence.

1

Potential for Expanded Value Creation

Among many projected benefits, we expect Core to boast:

Best-in-sector metallurgical and thermal coal operating platforms anchored by world-class, high-quality, low-cost, long-lived longwall
coal-mining assets

A broad, diverse slate of coal qualities and blends capable of serving multiple growth markets and geographies

Industry-leading North American logistics and export capabilities via ownership interests in two East Coast terminals and longstanding
relationships with West Coast and Gulf Coast ports

A visible revenue stream via a strong contracted thermal coal position, coupled with meaningful upside opportunities via its high-value
and more market-exposed metallurgical coal platform

Projected substantial adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow generation across a range of market environments

Projected operating synergies estimated to deliver $110 million to $140 million of annual cost savings and synergies

The potential to return significant capital to stockholders while simultaneously making strategic investments in innovation and growth,
underpinned by industry-leading cash generation and a strong balance sheet

Significantly Increased Liquidity

In conjunction with the closing
of the merger, Core successfully amended and extended the previous CONSOL revolving credit facility (RCF), upsizing the facility commitments
to $600 million from the previous $355 million while extending the maturity to April 30, 2029. Based on its asset diversification,
synergy potential, and strong balance sheet, Core received exceptionally strong support for the transaction, with participation from 22
banks including nine new lenders. The facility received strong lender support, with 37% of commitments coming from new lenders and 63%
from existing lenders. Additionally, Core successfully reduced the annual interest rate by 75 bps while further enhancing financial flexibility.

2

Core Board and Governance Structure

The Core board of directors is comprised of eight members four
directors formerly on the CONSOL board and four directors formerly on the Arch board. As previously disclosed, Jimmy Brock the
former board chair and chief executive officer of CONSOL will serve as executive chair of Cores board, and Paul A. Lang
the former chief executive officer and a board member of Arch will serve as Cores chief executive officer and as
a member of the Core board. Cores other directors are as follows:

Holly Keller Koeppel (former Arch director)

Patrick A. Kriegshauser (former Arch director)

Richard A. Navarre (lead independent director and former Arch board chair)

Cassandra Pan (former CONSOL director)

Valli Perera (former CONSOL director)

Joseph P. Platt (former CONSOL director)

Core Officers

Core will be led by a proven and highly experienced leadership team.
Along with Messrs. Brock and Lang, Core will be led by the following executives:

Mitesh B. Thakkar, President and Chief Financial Officer

Robert J. Braithwaite, Jr., Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales

Rosemary L. Klein, Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary

Kurt R. Salvatori, Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

George J. Schuller Jr., Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

Deck S. Slone, Senior Vice President, Strategy and Public Policy

2025 Operating and Financial Guidance

Core expects to provide guidance on key operating and financial metrics
at the time of its fourth quarter earnings release.

3

About Core

Core Natural Resources is a world-class producer and exporter of high-quality,
low-cost coals, including metallurgical and high calorific value thermal coals. The company operates a best-in-sector portfolio, including
the Pennsylvania Mining Complex, Leer, Leer South, and West Elk mines. With a focus on seaborne markets, Core plays an essential role
in meeting the worlds growing need for steel, infrastructure, and energy, and has ownership interests in two marine export terminals.
The company was created in January 2025 via the merger of long-time industry leaders CONSOL Energy and Arch Resources and is based
in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information

This communication contains certain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as anticipates,
believes, could, continue, estimate, expects, intends,
will, should, may, plan, predict, project, would
and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact and reflect Cores current views about
future events. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about the benefits of the merger, including future
financial and operating results, Cores plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, and other statements that are not historical
facts, including estimates of coal reserves, estimates of future production, assumptions regarding future coal pricing, planned delivery
of coal to markets and the associated costs, future results of operations, projected cash flow and liquidity, business strategy and other
plans and objectives for future operations. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements contained in this communication
will occur as projected, and actual results may differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements are based on current
expectations, estimates and assumptions that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those projected. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully;
the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the merger may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected;
the risk that the credit ratings of Core or its subsidiaries may be different from what Core expects; the risk of adverse reactions or
changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the completion of the merger; changes in coal prices, which
may be caused by numerous factors, including changes in the domestic and foreign supply of and demand for coal and the domestic and foreign
demand for steel and electricity; the volatility in commodity and capital equipment prices for coal mining operations; the presence or
recoverability of estimated reserves; the ability to replace reserves; environmental and geological risks; mining and operating risks;
the risks related to the availability, reliability and cost-effectiveness of transportation facilities and fluctuations in transportation
costs; foreign currency, competition, government regulation or other actions; the ability of management to execute its plans to meet its
goals; risks associated with the evolving legal, regulatory and tax regimes; changes in economic, financial, political and regulatory
conditions; natural and man-made disasters; civil unrest, pandemics, and conditions that may result from legislative, regulatory, trade
and policy changes; and other risks inherent in Cores business.

4

All such factors are difficult to predict, are beyond Cores
control, and are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in CONSOLs annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2023, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K that are available
on Cores website at www.corenaturalresources.com and on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov and those detailed in Arch's
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on
Form 8-K that are available on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov.

Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions
of management at the time the statements are made. Core does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof.

Core Natural Resources, Inc. Contacts

Investors

Deck Slone

314-994-2766

Media

Erica Fisher

724-416-8292 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aci-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>aci-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>aci-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 1-13105

Entity Registrant Name Arch Resources,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001037676

Entity Tax Identification Number 43-0921172

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One CityPlace
One

Entity Address, Address Line Two One
CityPlace Drive, Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town St.
Louis

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 63141

City Area Code 314

Local Phone Number 994-2700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol ARCH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://archcoal.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aci-20250113.xsd 
aci-20250113_lab.xml 
aci-20250113_pre.xml 
tm252363d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-003782-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm252363d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001037676 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001037676 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
Arch Resources, Inc. 
DE 
1-13105 
43-0921172 
CityPlace One 
One CityPlace Drive, Suite 300 
St. Louis 
MO 
63141 
314 
994-2700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.01 par value 
ARCH 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>