<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002171.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002171.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328204139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FiEE, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467761
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				042621506
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37649
		FILM NUMBER:		25788411

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 ELM STREET
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-966-4646

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 ELM STREET
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINIM, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Zoom Telephonics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090707
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fiee_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-310001467761HK00014677612025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28, 2025

FiEE, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37649 04-2621506

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

Flat A1, 29/F, Block A, TML Tower, 3 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, N.T., Hong Kong00000

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

852-28166813

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value MINM The Nasdaq Capital Market*

* Currently suspended.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 28, 2025, the board of directors of FiEE, Inc. (the Company)
approved and adopted the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company to provide that all action required or permitted to be taken
by the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, through the written consent of stockholders
of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting
at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

The foregoing description of the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws
of the Company is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, which are filed as
Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Exhibit

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FIEE, INC.

Date: March 28, 2025 By: /s/ Li Wai Chung

Li Wai Chung

Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>fiee_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

FIEE, INC.

(A Delaware corporation)

ARTICLE I

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.1 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation shall be held on such date
as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, at such time and place within or without
the State of Delaware as may be designated in the notice of meeting. If the day fixed
for the annual meeting shall fall on a legal holiday, the meeting shall be held on
the next succeeding day not a legal holiday. If the annual meeting is omitted on the
day herein provided, a special meeting may be held in place thereof, and any business
transacted at such special meeting in lieu of annual meeting shall have the same effect
as if transacted or held at the annual meeting. At the discretion of the Board of
Directors, the meeting may be conducted partially or solely by remote communication
to the extent permitted by law.

Section 1.2 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Chairman of
the Board of Directors or by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the stockholders
shall be held at such time, date and place within or outside of the State of Delaware
as may be designated in the notice of such meeting. At the discretion of the Board
of Directors, the meeting may be conducted partially or solely by remote communication
to the extent permitted by law.

Section 1.3 Notice of Meeting.

(a) A written notice stating the place, if any, date, and hour of each meeting of
the stockholders, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purposes for which the
meeting is called, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting,
and to each stockholder who, under the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
is entitled to such notice, by delivering such notice to such person or leaving it
at their residence or usual place of business, or by mailing it to such stockholder
at his address as it appears upon the books of the corporation at least ten days and
not more than 60 days before the meeting. Such notice shall be given by the secretary,
an assistant secretary, or any other officer or person designated either by the secretary
or by the person or persons calling the meeting.

(b) The requirement of notice to any stockholder may be waived (i) by a written waiver
of notice, executed before or after the meeting by the stockholder or his attorney
thereunto duly authorized, and filed with the records of the meeting, (ii) if communication
with such stockholder is unlawful, (iii) by attendance at the meeting without protesting
prior thereto or at its commencement the lack of notice, or (iv) as otherwise excepted
by law. A waiver of notice of any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need
not specify the purposes of the meeting.

(c) If a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of
the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, are announced at the meeting
at which the adjournment is taken, except that if the adjournment is for more than
30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record
entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 1.4 Business at Annual or Special Meetings.

(a) At a meeting of the stockholders, only such nominations of persons for the election
of directors and such other business shall be conducted as shall have been properly
brought before the meeting. Nominations for the election of directors or proposals
of other business at an annual meeting of the stockholders, or special meeting in
lieu of the annual meeting, may be made by the Board of Directors or by any stockholder
entitled to vote in the election of directors at the meeting pursuant to Section 1.4(b) or Section 1.4(c), as applicable. Stockholders entitled to vote in such election may nominate
one or more persons for the election as directors or propose other business only if
written notice of such stockholders intent to make such nomination or other business proposal has been given either
by personal delivery, overnight (receipted) courier or by United States mail, postage
prepaid, to the secretary of the Corporation not later than one hundred twenty days
prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting or special
meeting in lieu thereof.

(b) For nominations for the election of directors by a stockholder, such notice shall
set forth: (i) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination
and of the persons or person to be nominated; (ii) a representation that the stockholder
is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation and entitled to vote at such meeting
and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person
or persons specified in the notice; (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings
between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such
person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made
by the stockholder; (iv) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by
such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant
to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; and (v) the consent
of each nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation if so elected. The presiding
officer of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person not
made in compliance with the foregoing procedure.

(c) For business proposals other than the nomination for the election of directors
by a stockholder, such notice shall set forth: (i) as to each matter the stockholder
proposes to bring before the annual meeting: a brief description of the business desired
to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal, and the reasons
for conducting such business at the annual meeting; and (ii) as to the stockholder
giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is
being made: the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporations books, and of such beneficial owner, the class and series and number of shares of
stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned, beneficially or
of record, by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, and a description of any
material interest of such stockholder or such beneficial owner and the respective
affiliates and associates of, or others acting in concert with, such stockholder or
such beneficial owner in such business. The presiding officer of the meeting may refuse
to acknowledge or otherwise permit to be brought before the meeting any proposal not
made in compliance with the foregoing procedure.

Section 1.5 Quorum. The holders of one third of all stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote at
a meeting shall constitute a quorum. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time
by a majority of the votes properly cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum
is present.

Section 1.6 Voting and Proxies. Stockholders shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote owned
by them of record according to the books of the corporation, unless otherwise provided
by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation. Stockholders may vote either in person
or by written proxy, but no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from
its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Proxies shall be filed with
the secretary of the meeting, or of any adjournment thereof. Except as otherwise limited
therein, proxies shall entitle the persons authorized thereby to vote at any adjournment
of such meeting. A proxy purporting to be executed by or on behalf of a stockholder
shall be deemed valid unless challenged at or prior to its exercise and the burden
of proving invalidity shall rest on the challenger. A proxy with respect to stock
held in the name of two or more persons shall be valid if executed by one of them
unless at or prior to exercise of the proxy the corporation receives a specific written
notice to the contrary from any one of them.

Section 1.7 Action at Meeting. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a plurality of the votes properly cast for
election to any office shall elect to such office, and a majority of the votes properly
cast upon any question other than election to an office shall decide such question,
except where a larger vote is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or
these Bylaws. No ballot shall be required for any election unless requested by a stockholder
present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election.

2

Section 1.8 Action Without Meeting. All action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action to be so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered
(by hand, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, attached to an
email in form of a PDF or by facsimile) to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal
place of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of
each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take
the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated
consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 1.8, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered
to the corporation pursuant to the foregoing. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate
action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall, to the extent
required by applicable law, be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing, and who, if the action had been taken
at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date
for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number
of holders to take the action were delivered to the corporation.

Section 1.9 Voting of Shares of Certain Holders.

(a) Shares of stock of the corporation standing in the name of another corporation,
domestic or foreign, may be voted by such officer, agent, or proxy as the Bylaws of
such corporation may prescribe, or, in the absence of such provision, as the Board
of Directors of such corporation may determine.

(b) Shares of stock of the corporation standing in the name of a deceased person,
a minor ward or an incompetent person, may be voted by his administrator, executor,
court-appointed guardian or conservator without a transfer of such shares into the
name of such administrator, executor, court appointed guardian or conservator. Shares
of capital stock of the corporation standing in the name of a trustee or fiduciary
may be voted by such trustee or fiduciary.

(c) Shares of stock of the corporation standing in the name of a receiver may be voted
by such receiver, and shares held by or under the control of a receiver may be voted
by such receiver without the transfer thereof into his name if authority so to do
be contained in an appropriate order of the court by which such receiver was appointed.

(d) A stockholder whose shares are pledged shall be entitled to vote such shares unless
in the transfer by the pledgor on the books of the corporation he expressly empowered
the pledgee to vote thereon, in which case only the pledgee or its proxy shall be
entitled to vote the shares so transferred.

(e) Shares of its own stock belonging to this corporation shall not be voted, directly
or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number
of outstanding shares at any given time, but shares of its own stock held by the corporation
in a fiduciary capacity may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total
number of outstanding shares.

Section 1.10 Stockholder Lists. The secretary (or the corporations transfer agent or other person authorized by these Bylaws or by law) shall prepare
and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list
of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order,
and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in
the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder,
for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period
of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at (i) the corporations principal place of business, (ii) at the place where the meeting is to be held,
or (iii) by making it available on an electronic network. The list shall also be produced
and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may
be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

3

ARTICLE II

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 2.1 Powers. Except as reserved to the stockholders by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation
or by these Bylaws, the business of the corporation shall be managed under the direction
of the Board of Directors, who shall have and may exercise all of the powers of the corporation. In particular, and
without limiting the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have the power to issue
or reserve for issuance from time to time the whole or any part of the capital stock
of the corporation which may be authorized from time to time to such person, for such
consideration and upon such terms and conditions as they shall determine, including
the granting of options, warrants or conversion or other rights to stock.

Section 2.2 Number of Directors; Qualifications. The Board of Directors shall consist of such number of directors, as shall be fixed
initially by the incorporator(s) and thereafter by the Board of Directors. No director
need be a stockholder.

Section 2.3 Election of Directors. The initial Board of Directors shall be designated in the certificate of incorporation,
or if not so designated, elected by the incorporator(s) at the first meeting thereof.
Thereafter, directors shall be elected by the stockholders at their annual meeting
or at any special meeting the notice of which specifies the election of directors
as an item of business for such meeting.

Section 2.4 Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors may appoint a Chairman of the Board. If the Board of Directors
appoints a Chairman of the Board, such person shall supervise the carrying out of
the policies and actions adopted or approved by the Board of Directors, as well as
specific powers conferred by these Bylaws, and shall perform such other duties as
are assigned by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate the Chairman
of the Board as Chief Executive Officer. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at
meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors.

Section 2.5 Vacancies; Reduction of the Board. In the case of any vacancy in the Board of Directors from death, resignation, disqualification
or other cause, including a vacancy resulting from enlargement of the board, the election
of a director to fill such vacancy shall be by vote of a majority of the directors
then in office, whether or not constituting a quorum.

Section 2.6 Enlargement of the Board. The Board of Directors may be enlarged by the stockholders at any meeting or by vote
of a majority of the directors then in office.

Section 2.7 Tenure and Resignation. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these
Bylaws, directors shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders
and thereafter until their successors are chosen and qualified. Any director may resign
by delivering or mailing postage prepaid a written resignation to the corporation
at its principal office or to the chairman of the Board of Directors, the president,
secretary or assistant secretary, if any. Such resignation shall be effective upon
receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening
of some other event.

Section 2.8 Removal. A director, whether elected by the stockholders or directors, may be removed from
office with or without cause at any annual or special meeting of stockholders by vote
of a majority of the stockholders entitled to vote in the election of such directors,
or for cause by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office; provided, however,
that a director may be removed for cause only after reasonable notice and opportunity
to be heard before the body proposing to remove him.

Section 2.9 Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without call or notice at such
times and such places within or without the State of Delaware as the board may, from
time to time, determine, provided that notice of the first regular meeting following
any such determination shall be given to directors absent from such determination.
A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held without notice immediately
after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of the stockholders or the special
meeting of the stockholders held in place of such annual meeting, unless a quorum
of the directors is not then present. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may
be held at any time and at any place designated in the call of the meeting when called
by the chairman of the Board of Directors or two or more directors. Members of the
Board of Directors or any committee elected thereby may participate in a meeting of
such board or committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications
equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each
other at the same time, and participation by such means shall constitute presence
in person at the meeting.

4

Section 2.10 Notice of Meeting. It shall be sufficient notice to a director to send notice (i) by mail at least 72
hours before the meeting addressed to such person at his usual or last known business
or residence address, or (ii) in person, by telephone, facsimile transmission or electronic
transmission to the extent provided in Article VIII, at least 24 hours before the
meeting. Notice shall be given by the secretary, or in his absence or unavailability,
may be given by an assistant secretary, if any, or by the officer or directors calling
the meeting. The requirement of notice to any director may be waived by a written
waiver of notice, executed by such person before or after the meeting or meetings,
and filed with the records of the meeting, or by attendance at the meeting without
protesting prior thereto or at its commencement the lack of notice. A notice or waiver
of notice of a directors meeting need not specify the purposes of the meeting.

Section 2.11 Agenda. Any lawful business may be transacted at a meeting of the Board of Directors, notwithstanding
the fact that the nature of the business may not have been specified in the notice
or waiver of notice of the meeting.

Section 2.12 Quorum. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the directors then in office
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Any meeting may be adjourned
by the Chairman of the Board or a majority of the votes cast upon the question, whether
or not a quorum is present, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further
notice.

Section 2.13 Action at Meeting. Any motion adopted by vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except where
a different vote is required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these
Bylaws. The assent in writing of any director to any vote or action of the directors
taken at any meeting, whether or not a quorum was present and whether or not the director
had or waived notice of the meeting, shall have the same effect as if the director
so assenting was present at such meeting and voted in favor of such vote or action.

Section 2.14 Action Without Meeting. Any action by the directors may be taken without a meeting if all of the directors
consent to the action in writing and the consents are filed with the records of the
directors meetings. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote of the directors
at a meeting.

Section 2.15 Committees. The Board of Directors may, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
then in office, appoint an executive committee or other committees consisting of one
or more directors and may by vote delegate to any such committee some or all of their
powers except those which by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws
they may not delegate. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee,
the members of the committee present and not disqualified, whether or not they constitute
a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to
act at the meeting in place of the absence or disqualified member. Unless the Board
of Directors shall otherwise provide, any such committee may make rules for the conduct
of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or such rules,
its meetings shall be called, notice given or waived, its business conducted or its
action taken as nearly as may be in the same manner as is provided in these Bylaws
with respect to meetings or for the conduct of business or the taking of actions by
the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill
vacancies in, change the membership of, or discharge any such committee at any time.
The Board of Directors shall have power to rescind any action of any committee, but
no such rescission shall have retroactive effect.

ARTICLE III

OFFICERS

Section 3.1 Enumeration. The officers shall consist of a president, a treasurer, a secretary and such other
officers and agents (including a chairman of the board, one or more vice presidents,
assistant treasurers and assistant secretaries), as the Board of Directors may, in
their discretion, determine.

Section 3.2 Election. The president, treasurer and secretary shall be elected annually by the directors
at their first meeting following the annual meeting of the stockholders or any special
meeting held in lieu of the annual meeting. Other officers may be chosen by the directors
at such meeting or at any other meeting.

5

Section 3.3 Qualification. An officer may, but need not, be a director or stockholder. Any two or more offices
may be held by the same person. Any officer may be required by the directors to give
bond for the faithful performance of his duties to the corporation in such amount
and with such sureties as the directors may determine. The premiums for such bonds
may be paid by the corporation.

Section 3.4 Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
the term of office of each officer shall be for one year or until his successor is
elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal.

Section 3.5 Removal. Any officer may be removed from office, with or without cause, by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors then in office; provided, however, that an officer
may be removed for cause only after reasonable notice and opportunity to be heard
by the Board of Directors prior to action thereon.

Section 3.6 Resignation. Any officer may resign by delivering or mailing postage prepaid a written resignation
to the corporation at its principal office or to the chairman of the Board of Directors,
president, secretary, or assistant secretary, if any, and such resignation shall be
effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or
upon the happening of some event.

Section 3.7 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office arising from any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion
of the term by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.8 Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors may designate the Chairman of the Board as the Chief Executive
Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, who may be a member of the Board of Directors,
shall be the principal executive officer of the corporation and shall have general
executive powers and, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors and of the
Chairman of the Board, may exercise those powers and carry out the duties of the Chief
Executive Officer to the full extent permitted by law, and such other duties and powers
as the Board of Directors shall from time to time designate. In the absence of the
Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at meetings of the
stockholders and of the Board of Directors at which present.

Section 3.9 President. The President shall have general executive powers and, subject to the oversight and
approval of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive
Officer and the power and authority of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive
Officer, shall have and may exercise any and all other powers and duties pertaining
by law, regulations or practice to the office of the President, or imposed by these
Bylaws, and such other duties and powers as the Board of Directors shall from time
to time designate. The President shall report to the Chief Executive Officer. In the
absence of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, the President
shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors at
which present.

Section 3.10 Vice President(s). The vice president(s), if any, shall have such powers and perform such duties as the
Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Section 3.11 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The treasurer, or if the Board of Directors so determines, the vice president, finance
or the chief financial officer, subject to the direction and under the supervision
and control of the Board of Directors, shall have general charge of the financial
affairs of the corporation. The treasurer shall have custody of all funds, securities
and valuable papers of the corporation, except as the Board of Directors may otherwise
provide. The treasurer shall keep or cause to be kept full and accurate records of
account which shall be the property of the corporation, and which shall be always
open to the inspection of each elected officer and director of the corporation. The
treasurer shall deposit or cause to be deposited all funds of the corporation in such
depository or depositories as may be authorized by the Board of Directors. The treasurer
shall have the power to endorse for deposit or collection all notes, checks, drafts,
and other negotiable instruments payable to the corporation. The treasurer shall perform
such other duties as are incidental to the office, and such other duties as may be
assigned by the Board of Directors. All of the duties of the treasurer may be performed
by the vice president, finance and/or the chief financial officer, in the discretion
of the Board of Directors.

Assistant treasurers, if any, shall have such powers and perform such duties as the
Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

6

Section 3.12 Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The secretary or an assistant secretary shall record, or cause to be recorded, all
proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and directors (including committees
thereof) in the book of records of this corporation. The record books shall be open
at reasonable times to the inspection of any stockholder, director, or officer. The
secretary or an assistant secretary shall notify the stockholders and directors, when
required by law or by these Bylaws, of their respective meetings, and shall perform
such other duties as the directors and stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
The secretary or an assistant secretary shall have the custody and charge of the corporate
seal, and shall affix the seal of the corporation to all instruments requiring such
seal, and shall certify under the corporate seal the proceedings of the directors
and of the stockholders, when required. In the absence of the secretary or an assistant
secretary at any such meeting, a temporary secretary shall be chosen who shall record
the proceedings of the meeting in the aforesaid books.

Assistant secretaries, if any, shall have such powers and perform such duties as the
Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 3.13 Other Powers and Duties. Subject to these Bylaws and to such limitations as the Board of Directors may from
time to time prescribe, the officers of the corporation shall each have such powers
and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, as well as such powers
and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 4.1 Stock Certificates.

(a) Each stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate representing the number of
shares of the capital stock of the corporation owned by such person in such form as
shall, in conformity to law, be prescribed from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Each certificate shall be signed by the president or vice president and treasurer
or assistant treasurer or such other officers designated by the Board of Directors
from time to time as permitted by law, shall bear the seal of the corporation, and
shall express on its face its number, date of issue, class, the number of shares for
which, and the name of the person to whom, it is issued. The corporate seal and any
or all of the signatures of corporation officers may be facsimile if the stock certificate
is manually counter-signed by an authorized person on behalf of a transfer agent or
registrar other than the corporation or its employee.

(b) If an officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile
signature has been placed on, a certificate shall have ceased to be such before the
certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as
if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the time of its issue.

Section 4.2 Transfer of Shares. Title to a certificate of stock and to the shares represented thereby shall be transferred
only on the books of the corporation by delivery to the corporation or its transfer
agent of the certificate properly endorsed, or by delivery of the certificate accompanied
by a written assignment of the same, or a properly executed written power of attorney
to sell, assign or transfer the same or the shares represented thereby. Upon surrender
of a certificate for the shares being transferred, a new certificate or certificates
shall be issued according to the interests of the parties.

Section 4.3 Record Holders. Except as otherwise may be required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or
by these Bylaws, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock
as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment
of dividends and the right to vote with respect thereto, regardless of any transfer,
pledge or other disposition of such stock, until the shares have been transferred
on the books of the corporation in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws.
It shall be the duty of each stockholder to notify the corporation of his post office
address.

7

Section 4.4 Record Date.

(a) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournments thereof, or
entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of
any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion
or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors
may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 days prior to any other action. In such case only stockholders of record on such
record date shall be so entitled notwithstanding any transfer of stock on the books
of the corporation after the record date.

(b) If no record date is fixed: (i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled
to receive notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close
of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice
is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the
meeting is held; and (ii) the record date for determining stockholders for any other
purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors
adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 4.5 Transfer Agent and Registrar for Shares of Corporation. The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and a registrar of the certificates
of stock of the corporation. Any transfer agent so appointed shall maintain, among
other records, a stockholders ledger, setting forth the names and addresses of the holders of all issued shares
of stock of the corporation, the number of shares held by each, the certificate numbers
representing such shares, and the date of issue of the certificates representing such
shares. Any registrar so appointed shall maintain, among other records, a share register,
setting forth the total number of shares of each class of shares which the corporation
is authorized to issue and the total number of shares actually issued. The stockholders ledger and the share register are hereby identified as the stock transfer books of
the corporation; but as between the stockholders ledger and the share register, the names and addresses of stockholders, as they appear
on the stockholders ledger maintained by the transfer agent shall be the official list of stockholders
of record of the corporation. The name and address of each stockholder of record,
as they appear upon the stockholders ledger, shall be conclusive evidence of who are the stockholders entitled to receive
notice of the meetings of stockholders, to vote at such meetings, to examine a complete
list of the stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, and to own, enjoy and exercise
any other property or rights deriving from such shares against the corporation. Stockholders,
but not the corporation, its directors, officers, agents or attorneys, shall be responsible
for notifying the transfer agent, in writing, of any changes in their names or addresses
from time to time, and failure to do so will relieve the corporation, its other stockholders,
directors, officers, agents and attorneys, and its transfer agent and registrar, of
liability for failure to direct notices or other documents, or pay over or transfer
dividends or other property or rights, to a name or address other than the name and
address appearing in the stockholders ledger maintained by the transfer agent.

Section 4.6 Loss of Certificates. In case of the loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate of stock, a replacement
certificate may be issued in place thereof upon such terms as the Board of Directors
may prescribe, including, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, a requirement
of bond and indemnity to the corporation.

Section 4.7 Restrictions on Transfer. Every certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer,
whether pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or any agreement
to which the corporation is a party, shall have the fact of the restriction noted
conspicuously on the certificate and shall also set forth on the face or back either
the full text of the restriction or a statement that the corporation will furnish
a copy to the holder of such certificate upon written request and without charge.

Section 4.8 Multiple Classes or Series of Stock. The amount and classes of the capital stock and the par value, if any, of the shares,
shall be as fixed in the Certificate of Incorporation. At all times when there are
two or more classes or series of stock, the several classes or series of stock shall
conform to the description and the terms and have the respective preferences, voting
powers, restrictions and qualifications set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation
and these Bylaws. Every certificate issued when the corporation is authorized to issue
more than one class or series of stock shall set forth on its face or back either
(i) the full text of the preferences, voting powers, qualifications and special and
relative rights of the shares of each class and series authorized to be issued, or
(ii) a statement of the existence of such preferences, powers, qualifications and
rights, and a statement that the corporation will furnish a copy thereof to the holder
of such certificate upon written request and without charge.

8

ARTICLE V

DIVIDENDS

Section 5.1 Declaration of Dividends. Except as otherwise required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board
of Directors may, in its discretion, declare what, if any, dividends shall be paid
from the surplus or from the net profits of the corporation for the current or preceding
fiscal year, or as otherwise permitted by law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property,
in shares of the corporations stock, or in any combination thereof. Dividends shall be payable upon such dates
as the Board of Directors may designate.

Section 5.2 Reserves. Before the payment of any dividend and before making any distribution of profits,
the Board of Directors, from time to time and in its absolute discretion, shall have
power to set aside out of the surplus or net profits of the corporation such sum or
sums as the Board of Directors deems proper and sufficient as a reserve fund to meet
contingencies or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall deem to be
in the best interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or
abolish any such reserve.

ARTICLE VI

POWERS OF OFFICERS TO CONTRACT WITH THE CORPORATION

Any and all of the directors and officers of the corporation, notwithstanding their
official relations to it, may enter into and perform any contract or agreement of
any nature between the corporation and themselves, or any and all of the individuals
from time to time constituting the Board of Directors of the corporation, or any firm
or corporation in which any such director may be interested, directly or indirectly,
whether such individual, firm or corporation thus contracting with the corporation
shall thereby derive personal or corporate profits or benefits or otherwise; provided,
that (i) the material facts of such interest are disclosed or are known to the Board
of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes such contract or agreement; (ii)
if the material facts as to such persons relationship or interest are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled
to vote thereon, and the contract is specifically approved in good faith by a vote
of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or agreement is fair as to the corporation
as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a
committee thereof, or the stockholders. Any director of the corporation who is interested
in any transaction as aforesaid may nevertheless be counted in determining the existence
of a quorum at any meeting of the Board of Directors which shall authorize or ratify
any such transaction. This Article shall not be construed to invalidate any contract
or other transaction which would otherwise be valid under the common or statutory
law applicable thereto.

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 7.1 Definitions. For purposes of this Article VII the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:

Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer,
employee, agent, trustee or fiduciary of the Corporation or of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which
such person is or was serving at the express written request of the corporation.

Court means the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or any other court in
which a Proceeding in respect of indemnification may properly be brought.

Covered Person means any person who has a Corporate Status who the corporation,
pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.9 hereof, determines is entitled to indemnification as provided herein. It shall
in each case include such persons legal representatives, heirs, executors and administrators.

9

Disinterested describes any individual, whether or not that individual is a director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation who is not and was not and is not threatened
to be made a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification, advancement
of expenses or other action, is sought by a Covered Person.

Expenses shall include, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel
expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage,
delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily
incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend,
investigating or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

Good Faith shall mean a Covered Person having acted in good faith and in a manner
such Covered Person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation or, in the case of an employee benefit plan, the best interests
of the participants or beneficiaries of said plan, as the case may be, and, with respect
to any Proceeding which is criminal in nature, having had no reasonable cause to believe
such Covered Persons conduct was unlawful.

Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced
in matters of corporation law and may include law firms or members thereof that are
regularly retained by the corporation but not by any other party to the Proceeding
giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the standards
of professional conduct then prevailing and applicable to such counsel, would have
a conflict of interest in representing either the corporation or the Covered Person
in an action to determine the Covered Persons rights under this Article.

Proceeding includes any actual, threatened or completed action, suit, arbitration,
alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation (including any internal corporate
investigation), administrative hearing or any other proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, other than one initiated by the Covered Person, but
including one initiated by a Covered Person for the purpose of enforcing such Covered
Persons rights under this Article to the extent provided in Section 7.14 of this Article. Proceeding shall not include any counterclaim brought by any
Covered Person other than one arising out of the same transaction or occurrence that
is the subject matter of the underlying claim.

Section 7.2 Right to Indemnification in General. The corporation may indemnify, and advance Expenses to, each Covered Person who is,
was or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding,
as provided in this Article and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as applicable law may hereafter
from time to time permit.

Section 7.3 Proceedings Other Than Proceedings in the Right of the Corporation. Each Covered Person may be indemnified if, by reason of such Covered Persons Corporate Status, such Covered Person is or is threatened to be made a party to
or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right
of the corporation. Such Covered Person may be indemnified against Expenses, judgments,
penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlements, actually and reasonably incurred
by such Covered Person or on such Covered Persons behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein,
if such Covered Person acted in Good Faith.

Section 7.4 Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Each Covered Person may be indemnified if, by reason of such Covered Persons Corporate Status, such Covered Person is, or is threatened to be made, a party to
or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the corporation
to procure a judgment in its favor. Such Covered Person may be indemnified against
Expenses, judgments, penalties, and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably
incurred by such Covered Person or on such Covered Persons behalf in connection with such Proceeding if such Covered Person acted in Good Faith.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such indemnification shall be made in respect of
any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which such Covered Person shall
have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation if applicable law prohibits such
indemnification; provided, however, that, if applicable law so permits, indemnification
shall nevertheless be made by the corporation in such event if and only to the extent
that the Court which is considering the matter shall so determine.

10

Section 7.5 Indemnification of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, to the extent that a present
or former director or officer or any other person who has a Corporate Status is, by
reason of such Corporate Status, a party to or is otherwise involved in and is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, such person shall be indemnified to
the maximum extent permitted by law, against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines,
and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by such person or
on such persons behalf in connection therewith. If such person is not wholly successful in such
Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less
than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the corporation shall indemnify
such person to the maximum extent permitted by law, against all Expenses, judgments,
penalties, fines, and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred
by such person or on such persons behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. The
termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with
or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim,
issue or matter.

Section 7.6 Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, to the extent that a Covered
Person is, by reason of such Covered Persons Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding, such Covered Person shall be indemnified
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such Covered Person or on
such Covered Persons behalf in connection therewith.

Section 7.7 Advancement of Expenses.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Article, the corporation
may advance all reasonable Expenses which were incurred by or on behalf of a present
director or officer by reason of such persons Corporate Status, in connection with any Proceeding, within 20 days after the receipt
by the corporation of a statement or statements from such person requesting such advance
or advances, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such
statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by the person
and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf
of the person to repay any Expenses if such person shall be adjudged to be not entitled
to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advance and undertakings to repay made
pursuant to this paragraph shall be unsecured and interest-free. Advancement of Expenses
pursuant to this paragraph shall not require approval of the Board of Directors or
the stockholders of the corporation, or of any other person or body. The secretary
of the corporation shall promptly advise the Board in writing of the request for advancement
of Expenses, of the amount and other details of the advance and of the undertaking
to make repayment provided pursuant to this paragraph.

(b) Advancement of expenses to any other Covered Person shall be upon such terms and
conditions as the Board of Directors may determine appropriate.

Section 7.8 Notification and Defense of Claim.

(a) Promptly after receipt by any person who has a Corporate Status of a notice of
the commencement of any Proceeding, such person shall, if a claim is to be made against
the corporation under this Article, notify the corporation of the commencement of
the Proceeding. The omission of such notice will not relieve the corporation from
any liability which it may have to such person otherwise than under this Article.
With respect to any such Proceedings as to which the corporation determines to provide
indemnification:

(i) The corporation will be entitled to participate in the defense at its own expense.

(ii) Except as otherwise provided below, the corporation (jointly with any other indemnifying
party similarly notified) will be entitled to assume the defense with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Covered Person. After notice from the corporation to the Covered
Person of its election to assume the defense of a suit, the corporation will not be
liable to the Covered Person under this Article for any legal or other expenses subsequently
incurred by the Covered Person in connection with the defense of the Proceeding other
than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below.

11

(b) The Covered Person shall have the right to employ his own counsel in such Proceeding
but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the corporation
of its assumption of the defense shall be at the expense of the Covered Person except as follows. The fees and expenses of counsel
shall be at the expense of the corporation if (i) the employment of counsel by the
Covered Person has been authorized by the corporation, (ii) the Covered Person shall
have concluded reasonably that there may be a conflict of interest between the corporation
and the Covered Person in the conduct of the defense of such action and such conclusion
is confirmed in writing by the corporations outside counsel regularly employed by it in connection with corporate matters, or
(iii) the corporation shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense
of such Proceeding. The corporation shall be entitled to participate in, but shall
not be entitled to assume the defense of, any Proceeding brought by or in the right
of the corporation or as to which the Covered Person shall have made the conclusion
provided for in (ii) above and such conclusion shall have been so confirmed by the
corporations said outside counsel.

(c) Notwithstanding any provision of this Article to the contrary, the corporation
shall not be liable to indemnify the Covered Person under this Article for any amounts
paid in settlement of any Proceeding effected without its written consent. The corporation
shall not settle any Proceeding or claim in any manner which would impose any penalty,
limitation or disqualification of the Covered Person for any purpose without such
Covered Persons written consent. Neither the corporation nor the Covered Person will unreasonably
withhold their consent to any proposed settlement.

(d) If it is determined that the Covered Person is entitled to indemnification other
than as afforded under subparagraph (b) above, payment to the Covered Person of the
additional amounts for which he is to be indemnified shall be made within 10 days
after such determination.

Section 7.9 Procedures.

(a) Method of Determination For Present Officers and Directors. A determination (as
provided for by this Article or if required by applicable law in the specific case)
with respect to entitlement to indemnification by a person who at the date of determination
is a director or officer shall be made either (i) by a majority vote of Disinterested
directors, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) a committee of Disinterested directors
designated by a majority of disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum,
or (iii) if there are no such Disinterested directors, or if the Disinterested directors
so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written determination to the Board of Directors,
a copy of which shall be delivered to the Covered Person seeking indemnification,
or (iv) by the vote of the holders of a majority of the corporations capital stock outstanding at the time entitled to vote thereon.

(b) Method of Determination For Others. A determination (as provided for in this Article
or if required by applicable law in the specific case) with respect to indemnification
of any person other than a present director or officer may be made by the Board of
Directors in such manner as it may determine appropriate.

(c) Initiating Request. A person who seeks indemnification under this Article shall
submit a request for indemnification, including such documentation and information
as is reasonably available to such person and is reasonably necessary to determine
whether and to what extent such person is entitled to indemnification.

(d) Effect of Other Proceedings. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim,
issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of guilty or of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Article)
of itself adversely affect the right of a Covered Person to indemnification or create
a presumption that a Covered Person did not act in Good Faith.

Section 7.10 Action by the Corporation. Any action, payment, advance determination (other than a determination made pursuant
to Section 7.9 above), authorization, requirement, grant of indemnification or other action taken
by the corporation pursuant to this Article shall be effected exclusively through
any Disinterested person so authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation,
including the president or any vice president of the corporation.

Section 7.11 Non-Exclusivity. The rights to indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by
this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which a person may
at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these
Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of the Board of Directors,
or otherwise.

12

Section 7.12 Insurance. The corporation may maintain, at its expense, an insurance policy or policies to protect
itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or another
enterprise against liability arising out of this Article or otherwise, whether or
not the corporation would have the power to indemnify any such person against such
liability under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

Section 7.13 No Duplicative Payment. The corporation shall not be liable under this Article to Covered Person has otherwise
actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or
otherwise.

Section 7.14 Expenses of Adjudication. In the event that any Covered Person seeks a judicial adjudication, or an award in
arbitration, to enforce such Covered Persons rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Article, the Covered Person
shall be entitled to recover from the corporation, and shall be indemnified by the
corporation against, any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such
Covered Person in seeking such adjudication or arbitration, but only if such Covered
Person prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such adjudication or arbitration
that the Covered Person is entitled to receive part but not all of the indemnification
of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by such Covered Person in connection with
such adjudication or arbitration shall be appropriately prorated.

Section 7.15 Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Article shall be held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever:

(a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Article (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Article
containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is
not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby; and

(b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article (including, without
limitation, each portion of any Section of this Article containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

Section 7.16 No Retroactive Amendment. No amendment or repeal of this Article or any provision hereof shall affect any right
of any person to be indemnified hereunder with respect to any actions, omissions or
state of facts existing prior to the date of such amendment or repeal.

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 8.1 Certificate of Incorporation. All references in these Bylaws to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed
to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, as amended and in
effect from time to time.

Section 8.2 Fiscal Year. Except as from time to time otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, the fiscal
year of the corporation shall end on the 31stof December of each year.

Section 8.3 Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt and alter the seal of the corporation.

Section 8.4 Execution of Instruments. All deeds, leases, transfers, contracts, bonds, notes, and signed by the president
or the treasurer except as the Board of Directors may generally or in particular cases
otherwise determine.

Section 8.5 Voting of Securities. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, the president or the treasurer may
waive notice of and act on behalf of this corporation, or appoint another person or
persons to act as proxy or attorney in fact for this corporation with or without discretionary
power and/or power of substitution, at any meeting of stockholders or shareholders of any other corporation or organization,
any of whose securities are held by this corporation.

13

Section 8.6 Evidence of Authority. A certificate by the secretary or any assistant secretary as to any action taken by
the stockholders, directors or any officer or representative of the corporation shall,
as to all persons who rely thereon in good faith, be conclusive evidence of such action.
The exercise of any power which by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by
these Bylaws, or under any vote of the stockholders or the Board of Directors, may
be exercised by an officer of the corporation only in the event of absence of another
officer or any other contingency shall bind the corporation in favor of anyone relying
thereon in good faith, whether or not such absence or contingency existed.

Section 8.7 Corporate Records. The original, or attested copies, of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, records
of all meetings of the incorporators and stockholders, and the stock transfer books
(which shall contain the names of all stockholders and the record address and the
amount of stock held by each) shall be kept in Delaware at the principal office of
the corporation, or at an office of the corporation, or at an office of its transfer
agent or of the secretary or of the assistant secretary, if any. Said copies and records
need not all be kept in the same office. They shall be available at all reasonable
times to inspection of any stockholder for any purpose but not to secure a list of
stockholders for the purpose of selling said list or copies thereof or for using the
same for a purpose other than in the interest of the applicant, as a stockholder,
relative to the affairs of the corporation.

Section 8.8 Communication of Notices. Any notices required to be given under these Bylaws may be given (i) by delivery in
person, (ii) by mailing it, postage prepaid, first class, (iii) by mailing it by nationally
or internationally recognized second day or faster courier service, (iv) by facsimile
transmission, or (v) by electronic transmission, in each case, to the addressee; provided,
however that facsimile transmission or electronic transmission may only be used if
the addressee has consented to such means.

Section 8.9 Electronic Transmissions. Notwithstanding any reference in these Bylaws to written instruments, all notices,
meetings, consents and other communications contemplated by these Bylaws may be conducted
by means of an electronic transmission, to the extent permitted by law, if specifically
authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

Section 8.10 Charitable Contributions. The Board of Directors from time to time may authorize contributions to be made by
the corporation in such amounts as it may determine to be reasonable to corporations,
trusts, funds or foundations organized and operated exclusively for charitable, scientific
or educational purposes, no part of the net earning of which inures to the private
benefit of any stockholder or individual.

Section 8.11 Forum Selection. Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, other employee or stockholder of
the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the General Corporation Law or as to which the General Corporation Law confers
jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Unless the Corporation
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district
courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause
of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed
to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 8.11.

14

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENTS

Section 9.1 Amendment by Stockholders. Prior to the issuance of stock, these Bylaws may be amended, altered or repealed by
the incorporator(s) by majority vote. After stock has been issued, these Bylaws may
be amended altered or repealed by the stockholders at any annual or special meeting by vote or a majority
of all shares outstanding and entitled to vote, except that where the effect of the
amendment would be to reduce any voting requirement otherwise required by law, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, such amendment shall require the vote
that would have been required by such other provision. Notice and a copy of any proposal
to amend these Bylaws must be included in the notice of meeting of stockholders at
which action is taken upon such amendment.

Section 9.2 Amendment by Board of Directors.

(a) These Bylaws may be amended, altered or repealed by the Board of Directors at
a meeting duly called for the purpose by majority vote of the directors then in office,
except that directors shall not amend the Bylaws in a manner which:

(i) changes the stockholder voting requirements for any action;

(ii) alters or abolishes any preferential right or right of redemption applicable
to a class or series of stock with shares already outstanding;

(iii) alters the provisions of Article IX hereof; or

(iv) permits the Board of Directors to take any action which under law, the Certificate
of Incorporation, or these Bylaws is required to be taken by the stockholders.

(b) Any amendment of these Bylaws by the Board of Directors may be altered or repealed
by the stockholders at any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

Adopted: March 28, 2025

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>minm-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>minm-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>minm-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-37649

Entity Registrant Name FiEE, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001467761

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-2621506

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One Flat A1, 29/F, Block A

Entity Address, Address Line Two TML Tower

Entity Address, Address Line Three 3 Hoi Shing Road

Entity Address, City or Town Tsuen Wan

Entity Address, Country HK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 00000

City Area Code 852

Local Phone Number 28166813

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol MINM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://minm/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fiee_8k.htm 
minm-20250328.xsd 
minm-20250328_lab.xml 
minm-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002171-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>fiee_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001467761 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001467761 
HK 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
FiEE, Inc. 
DE 
001-37649 
04-2621506 
Flat A1, 29/F, Block A 
TML Tower 
3 Hoi Shing Road 
Tsuen Wan 
00000 
852 
28166813 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
MINM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>